                        Orient Overseas (International) Limited 東方海外（國際）有限公司
東 方 海 外（ 國 際 ）有 限 公 司
  （於百慕達註冊成立之成員有限責任公司）                                                          (Incorporated in Bermuda with members’ limited liability)
       股份代號：0316.HK                                                                              Stock code: 0316.HK



     2026 中期報告                                                                 INTERIM REPORT 2026




                          INTERIM REPORT 2026 中期 報 告
Contents
  2    Chairman’s Statement
  4    Management Discussion and Analysis
  10   Other Information
  15   Index – Interim Financial Information
  16   Report on Review of Interim Financial Information
       Interim Financial Information
  17   – Condensed Consolidated Profit and Loss Account
  18   – Condensed Consolidated Statement
           of Comprehensive Income
  19   – Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet
  21   – Condensed Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
  22   – Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
  23   – Notes to the Interim Financial Information




                  Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2026   1
Chairman’s Statement
In the first half of 2026, the global shipping market faced a complex and challenging external environment. The escalated tensions
in the Middle East led to the closure of the Strait of Hormuz, causing international oil prices and marine fuel costs to surge sharply,
thereby driving up the operating costs of container vessels. Continued disruptions from tariffs and trade policies affected the order of
global trade, adding volatility and uncertainty to demand in the shipping industry. Amid such a volatile global political and economic
landscape and shipping market, Orient Overseas (International) Limited (“OOIL”) navigated changing market conditions with agility
and adaptability, maintaining stable operating results. On behalf of the Board of Directors and the management of OOIL, I would like
to express my sincere gratitude to all our sea and shore-based employees for their hard work and professionalism. I would also like to
extend my heartfelt thanks to all our shareholders, customers and other stakeholders for their strong support and cooperation.

I am pleased to announce that OOIL and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) recorded a profit attributable to shareholders of US$728 million
for the six-month period ended 30th June 2026 (2025: US$954 million). The Group’s earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and
amortisation (“EBITDA”) amounted to US$1,255 million (2025: US$1,466 million) and an EBITDA margin was 24.3% (2025: 30.1%).
The earnings per ordinary share for the first half of 2026 were US$1.10 (2025: US$1.44).

During the first half of 2026, the Group achieved new highs across a number of key metrics. Compared with interim results in previous
years, liftings exceeded 4 million TEU, reaching a record high for the corresponding period. Liner revenue exceeded US$4.6 billion, the
highest level outside the pandemic period. The Group’s financial position remains robust, with liabilities-to-assets ratio maintained at a
low level, laying a foundation for the Group’s sustainable development and shareholder returns.

The Board of Directors is pleased to declare an interim dividend of US$0.55 per ordinary share (2025: US$0.72 per ordinary share).

The global container market did not normalise in the first half of 2026 as many had anticipated at the end of last year. Instead, the
year progressed amid the uncertainties. With the escalation of conflict in the Middle East and repeated changes in the situation, the
return to the Red Sea was once again delayed. More importantly, in combination with the resulting sharp fluctuations in oil prices,
heightened inflation expectations and higher EU carbon emission cost, not only placed cost pressures on liners, but also affected the
global economic outlook. In April 2026, the International Monetary Fund (“IMF”) lowered its forecast for global economic growth
in 2026 to 3.1%, and further revised it down to 3.0% in July, before the resume of conflict between the U.S. and Iran, while raising its
forecast for 2027 from 3.2% to 3.4%. On the other hand, the restructuring of global supply chains and the development of regional
trade continues to bear fruit, while trade activity in emerging markets remained vibrant, providing underlying support to the market.
Meanwhile, uncertainty surrounding U.S. tariff and trade policies resurfaced. The U.S. government launched a large-scale Section 301
investigation as the principal alternative to the International Emergency Economic Power Act (“IEEPA”) tariffs that were ruled invalid
by the Supreme Court, with completion targeted for late July. The market is concerned that this could trigger another round of tariff
increases and supply chain adjustments. Against this backdrop, supported by the need to restock inventory in the U.S., demand rose
rapidly, giving rise to an earlier-than-usual peak season.

At the time of writing this report, our vessels sailing on vast majority of long-haul routes are fully loaded, and this is expected to
continue in the coming weeks.

Amid a complex and rapidly changing market environment, we have remained firmly committed to steadily advancing the expansion,
greening and digitalisation of our fleet. Following the ordering of two batches of methanol dual fuel container vessels, the Group
announced in April 2026 the construction of 12 units of 13,600 TEU class LNG dual fuel container vessels, demonstrating our
determination to build a greener fleet through multiple pathways while adapting to changing market conditions. In June, the OOCL
Wisdom was delivered as scheduled. On 3rd July, after completing green methanol bunkering at Qingdao Port, she commenced her
maiden voyage to Europe. This is the first green methanol dual fuel container vessel delivered to the Group and is currently the largest
vessel of its type in the world. The successful deployment of OOCL Wisdom not only strengthened our effective capacity at the right
time, but also marked a new milestone in turning OOCL’s green strategy into real operational progress.

As global trade patterns continue to evolve and adjust, OOCL has continued to strengthen its East-West network operations while
actively expanding its presence in emerging markets. We have deepened our development and optimisation in regional markets and
strengthened the extension of our end-to-end business. Through a flexible but prudent operating model and a globalised supply
chain framework, we strive to help customers address challenges and become a trusted long-term partner. To this end, we continue
to leverage the strengths of the Ocean Alliance while deepening collaboration with COSCO SHIPPING Lines. We will continue to
enhance service efficiency, strengthen cost control management and build a high-quality supply chain network that combines resilience
and flexibility to address uncertainty in the shipping market.




2           Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                         Chairman’s Statement


Sustainability has always been a cornerstone of the Group’s development. In recognition of our continuous efforts in this area, OOIL
remains a constituent of a number of internationally recognised sustainability indices, including the Dow Jones Best-in-Class Asia
Pacific Index and the FTSE4Good Index Series. We have also received a series of environmental and social awards, including the
Hong Kong Awards for Environmental Excellence – Transport and Logistic Gold Award and the Hong Kong Sustainability Award –
Distinction Award. Today, OOCL’s Sustainability 6G Framework not only encompasses environmental stewardship, social responsibility
and corporate governance objectives across multiple dimensions, but also enables us to identify opportunities to continue high quality
self-development and sustainably create value for shareholders. For further details, I encourage readers to refer to our Sustainability
Report available on the Company’s website.

Today, OOCL has not only integrated artificial intelligence into its internal processes, vessel and container management, customer
service, network operations, compliance and planning functions, but is also committed to building a digital and intelligent network
across the entire end-to-end supply chain. Through enhancing overall supply chain efficiency, improving reliability and strengthening
competitiveness, we are putting our mission into action – to be the most innovative international container transportation and logistics
service provider.

Looking ahead, the global trade landscape continues to evolve, and market volatility may become the new normal. As new vessels
continue to be delivered and the peak season approaches its end, freight rates may come under pressure. Although the global economy
and container trade continue to face considerable uncertainty, demand retains a certain degree of resilience. At the same time, sudden
geopolitical risks, changing trade and tariff policies, diverging regional economic developments, recurring port congestion and
fragmented environmental regulatory requirements may all disrupt supply chains. These developments may from time to time test the
responsiveness and adaptability of carriers, while also creating opportunities for their growth.

The Group will raise the bar on enhancing its resilience and sustainable development through the strengthening of its overall
capabilities. We will continue to optimise capacity deployment and network configuration, advance the development of key corridors,
and strengthen supply chain resource integration and end-to-end service capabilities. Adhering to the principle of prudent operation,
we will reinforce cost control, actively expand market opportunities, and accelerate our digital and green transformation, to provide
high quality and reliable services to our customers, while continuing to play an important role in connecting industries, markets and
global trade.




Wan Min
Chairman

Hong Kong, China, 27th August 2026




                                                               Orient Overseas (International) Limited    Interim Report 2026         3
Management Discussion and Analysis

RESULTS
For the first six months of 2026, Orient Overseas (International) Limited and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) recorded a profit
attributable to equity holders of US$728 million compared to US$954 million for the corresponding period of 2025.


                                                  INTERIM RESULTS ANALYSIS


    US$’000                                                                                                     2026               2025
    Profit/(Loss) Before Taxation by Activity:
      Container Transport and Logistics                                                                     723,722             964,869
      Other Activities                                                                                         (218)              8,171

    Profit Before Taxation                                                                                  723,504             973,040
    Taxation                                                                                                  5,823             (17,905)

    Profit for the Period Ended 30th June                                                                   729,327             955,135
    Non-Controlling Interests                                                                                (1,377)               (906)

    Profit Attributable to Equity Holders                                                                   727,950             954,229

Results of the Group’s operations arise from its business of container transportation and logistics conducted through the “OOCL”
brand, augmented by earnings from the Group’s liquidity management and investment activities at holding company level.


CONTAINER TRANSPORT
OOCL recorded its highest ever first half-year liftings and liner revenue outside of the pandemic period. The total liftings for the first
half of 2026 increased by 5.2% and total liner revenue increased by 5.5% year on year.

During the first half of 2026, the container shipping market experienced extreme volatility and remained far from the more normalised
environment that many had initially anticipated. Expectations that carriers would have resumed regular passage through the Suez
Canal by this point also did not materialise, at least for most carriers. In reality, most carriers continued to postpone their return to
the Suez route and maintained the Cape of Good Hope routing that has been in place for more than two years. Freight rates began the
year at elevated levels before gradually declining as the industry entered the traditional Lunar New Year slack season. Rates remained
low until geopolitical instability in the Middle East abruptly intensified, leading to higher bunker costs, worsening port congestion,
particularly in neighbouring regions, and renewed disruption to vessel schedules. Together with the arrival of an earlier-than-usual
peak season in the second quarter, these factors supported a sharp rebound in freight rates across major trades.

Although the rebound in freight rates and higher volume from the second quarter contributed significantly to the revenue performance
for the Group, costs also increased during the period. These cost pressures were driven by higher bunker costs arising from the
conflict in the Middle East, rising inland transportation costs, greater bunker consumption from operating an expanding fleet, strong
charterhire demand for small and medium-sized vessels that kept charter rates at elevated levels, and broader inflationary pressures. In
this environment, maintaining strict cost discipline remains an important priority for the Group.

The industry continues to go through a period of transition, as heightened geopolitical uncertainty reshapes global supply chains into
a more fragmented and multi-polar structure, making network planning ever more challenging. Against this backdrop, we accelerated
the expansion in Intra-Asia and emerging markets to capture the opportunities arising from evolving trade patterns, while at the same
time continuing to maintain our presence in the traditional East-West trades.




4             Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2026
                                                                               Management Discussion and Analysis


Trans-Pacific Trade
In the first half of 2026, the dynamics of the Trans-Pacific trade differed significantly between the first and second quarter. In the first
quarter, both demand and freight rates underperformed compared to the same period last year, partly due to the high comparison base
in the same period of 2025, when customers frontloaded shipments ahead of anticipated reciprocal tariffs between the U.S. and China
that were implemented in April. This frontloading lifted volumes and freight rates in early 2025, making year-on-year performance in
the first quarter of 2026 appear weaker by comparison. The market picture changed notably in the second quarter of 2026, as demand
rebounded and freight rates strengthened with the arrival of an earlier-than-usual peak season. Shippers accelerated cargo movements
to take advantage of more favourable tariff windows, while stronger booking momentum and tighter available space provided support
to freight rates during the period.

OOCL’s total Trans-Pacific liftings in the first half of 2026 increased by 7% when compared to the same period in 2025. Despite a slight
3% drop in revenue per TEU, overall revenue improved by 4%.


Asia/Europe Trade
In the first half of 2026, the Asia/Europe trade continued to be shaped by the prolonged disruption in the Red Sea, as our services
continued to circumnavigate around the Cape of Good Hope rather than resuming passage through the Suez Canal. Although concerns
over new vessel deliveries and excess nominal capacity persisted, the extended voyage distance, operational disruptions such as port
congestion continued to absorb effective capacity. Market conditions were relatively soft in the early part of the year but noticeably
improved from the second half of May as demand strengthened with an earlier-than-usual peak season.

Total liftings of OOCL’s Asia/Europe trade increased by 9%, mainly due to the resumption of the LL3 service and greater demand when
compared to the same period last year. As the LL3 service, which had been suspended in 2024 due to the Red Sea issue, only resumed
in April 2025, the contribution from this service covered only part of the first half of 2025. By comparison, the LL3 route remained in
operation throughout the first half of 2026, and its contribution covered the entire first half of 2026, resulting in a higher year-on-year
lifting comparison against the smaller base in 2025. Overall revenue per TEU declined by 3%, resulting in overall revenue improving by
6%.


Trans-Atlantic Trade
The Trans-Atlantic trade was affected by the strong volumes and freight rates recorded in the first quarter of 2025, when customers
frontloaded shipments on U.S.-related trade lanes ahead of anticipated tariff changes. As this factor was no longer present in the first
quarter of 2026, both demand and revenue declined year on year. Key trade lane freight rates began showing signs of improvement
from March. Market demand also gradually recovered during the second quarter, supported by an earlier-than-usual peak season and
shippers accelerating cargo movements to take advantage of more favourable tariff windows. Although the trade remained competitive,
the improvement in demand and stabilisation of freight rates provided support to the Trans-Atlantic trade’s performance during the
latter part of the first half.

Figuratively speaking, the total liftings for OOCL’s Trans-Atlantic trade in the first half of 2026 rose by 0.3% when compared to the
same period last year, and overall revenue decreased by 3% year-on-year mainly attributable to a 3% decline in revenue per TEU amid
intense competition on the trade.


Intra-Asia/Australasia Trade
In the first half of 2026, the Intra-Asia/Australasia trade remained relatively resilient, supported by emerging markets, intra-regional
demand and continued shifts in supply chains within Asia, as well as increased trade between Asia and Australia/New Zealand services.
While tariff-related uncertainty continued to influence regional trade flows, demand was also supported by customers diversifying
sourcing locations and by the growth of regional manufacturing and consumption. Although some disruptions arose as a result from
the geopolitical instabilities in the Middle East which effectively cordoned off the ports inside the Strait of Hormuz and cargo had to be
diverted to neighbouring ports, the impact to the overall network was still minor.

During this period, OOCL further strengthened its capacity deployment and market development on these trades. These trades also
benefited from the earlier-than-usual peak season in the second quarter, with stronger booking momentum across selected Intra-Asia
and Australasia services. As a result, total liftings increased by 3%, while revenue per TEU rose by 5%, resulting in overall revenue
improving by 9%.



                                                                 Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2026            5
Management Discussion and Analysis


Bunker Cost
In the first half of 2026, OOCL recorded an average bunker price of approximately US$582 per ton, an 8% increase compared to
US$541 per ton in the same period of 2025. The increase in bunker price and the rise in overall fuel oil and diesel consumption from
operating a larger fleet resulted in higher bunker cost during the period. Bunker price volatility during the period continued to be
influenced by geopolitical tensions, global economic conditions and fluctuations in crude oil price. While global supply chains showed
signs of gradual stabilisation, developments in the Middle East, production decisions by major oil-producing countries and changing
market demand continued to create uncertainty in bunker price.


LOGISTICS
In the first half of 2026, OOCL Logistics navigated a complex global landscape characterised by persistent geopolitical considerations,
regional trade adjustments, and ongoing supply chain realignment. These conditions reinforced the imperative for diversification,
agility, and technological enablement, aligning closely with our strategic focus.

Throughout the period, we maintained steady operational performance and sustained our commitment to integrated, end-to-end
logistics solutions. Demand for sophisticated supply chain management services remained firm, underpinned by regionalisation trends
and our customers’ requirements for responsive supply chain networks. Our teams successfully navigated the complex operating
environment, preserving service stability and supporting evolving sourcing and distribution needs.

Strategic progress was realised through focused investments in digitalisation. Building on our established platforms, we advanced
the integration of predictive analytics and intelligent solutions to strengthen supply chain visibility and decision-support capabilities,
contributing to improved operational efficiency and customer experience.

Our geographic expansion initiatives advanced according to plan. Our Kazakhstan office provided a foundation for developing
Central Asian trade corridor expertise, with efforts focused on deepening operational capabilities and local partnerships. Preparatory
work progressed for office setups in strategic locations including Egypt, Poland and France, designed to enhance service coverage. In
Latin America, market entry planning progressed, laying groundwork for establishing a physical presence to capture regional growth
opportunities.

In line with our 2026 budget priorities, we sustained investments in talent development, particularly in digital literacy and emerging
market management. Our commitment to embedding sustainability and risk control frameworks remained integral to our operational
approach.

Looking ahead, OOCL Logistics remains well-positioned to navigate the dynamic global landscape. We continue driving digital
leadership and geographic expansion, while strengthening supply chain resilience and risk management. Our investments and
strategic groundwork shall provide a solid foundation to deliver innovative and customer-centric logistics solutions in an ever-evolving
international supply chain market.


VESSELS
In the first half of 2026, the Group took delivery of the first 24,168 TEU methanol dual fuel new building from Nantong COSCO KHI
Ship Engineering Co., Ltd. (NACKS). The vessel is named “OOCL Wisdom” and is deployed to the Asia/Europe trade. The remaining
six newbuild vessels of same series will be delivered from the fourth quarter of 2026 to first quarter of 2028.

The delivery of the Group’s first methanol dual fuel new building marks a significant milestone for our innovation technology and low
carbon development of our fleet.

For the long-term charter agreement, the Group entered with subsidiaries of Seaspan Corporation in October 2024 to charter six brand
new 13,000 TEU class container vessels for 15 years from delivery, the first four vessels will be delivered to us in second half of 2026.
For the remaining two new building vessels of same series, their contractual delivery date will be in first quarter of 2028.

Regarding the fourteen 18,500 TEU class methanol dual fuel new buildings the Group placed order in year 2025, they will be delivered
from third quarter of 2028 to third quarter of 2029.




6           Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2026
                                                                              Management Discussion and Analysis


During the first half of 2026, the Group placed orders for twelve 13,600 TEU class LNG dual fuel new buildings from China
Shipbuilding Trading Co., Ltd. and Hudong-Zhonghua Shipbuilding (Group) Co., Ltd. The delivery of these twelve new buildings will
start from the third quarter of 2028 to first quarter of 2030.


OTHER ACTIVITIES
The other activities of the Group consist of property investments and other investment activities. The latter includes a centralised
treasury department that manages the Group’s liquidity and investments. The Group’s property investments represent its long-standing
ownership of Wall Street Plaza. Based on an independent valuer’s valuation as at 30th June 2026, the assessed market value of Wall
Street Plaza remained at US$200.0 million.

The investment in Wall Street Plaza is historical in nature and the Group currently has no intention of further investment in property
other than as may arise in relation to the operation of our container transport and logistics business.


LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL RESOURCES
As at 30th June 2026, the Group had cash and bank balances amounting to US$5.8 billion and total debt of US$1.3 billion. Net cash
(representing cash and bank balances deducted by total debt) as at 30th June 2026 was therefore US$4.5 billion, compared to a net cash
of US$5.0 billion in 2025 year-end. The Group had a net cash to equity ratio of 0.33 as at 30th June 2026, compared with 0.37 as at the
end of 2025.

The debt of the Group comprises lease liabilities which are mainly denominated in US dollar. The Group’s debts are monitored to
ensure a smooth repayment schedule to maturity. The profile of the Group’s lease liabilities is set out in Note 17 to the Interim Financial
Information.

The cash and bank balances of the Group are predominantly cash deposits placed with a variety of banks and with tenors ranging from
overnight to up to 1 year. We review the list of approved banks and the exposure limits of each bank on a regular basis.

Given the inherently volatile nature of shipping industry earnings and the fluctuations of its asset values, the Group maintains a portion
of its liquid assets in a portfolio of longer tenor investments. The Group’s investment portfolio of US$44.4 million as at 30th June 2026
is predominantly comprised of investment grade bonds.


CURRENCY EXPOSURE AND RELATED HEDGES
The Group operates internationally and is exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from various currency exposures, primarily with
respect to fluctuation in the exchange rates of foreign currencies to the US dollar. Income and expenses from container transport and
logistics activities are mainly denominated in US dollar and in various currencies, mainly including Australian dollar, Canadian dollar,
Euro, Japanese yen and Renminbi.


EMPLOYEE INFORMATION
As at 30th June 2026, the Group had 8,770 full-time equivalent headcount (excluding 3,190 sea farers). Salary and benefit levels are
maintained at competitive levels and employees are rewarded on a performance-related basis within the general policy and framework
of the Group’s salary and discretionary bonus schemes. These schemes, based on the performance of the Group and individual
employees, are regularly reviewed. Other benefits are also provided including medical insurance and retirement funds. In support
of the continuous development of individual employees, training and development programmes are offered for different levels of
employees. Social and recreational activities are arranged for our employees around the world.




                                                                 Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2026           7
Management Discussion and Analysis


SAFETY, SECURITY AND ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION
The Group consistently maintains the highest safety and security standards as they remain a top priority in our business operations for
our people, cargo, ships and facilities, both onshore and at sea.

The Group’s Corporate Security Policy guides the prevention and suppression of security threats against international supply chain
operations. The Group is not only committed to complying with rules and regulations such as the International Ship and Port Facility
Security (ISPS) Code, but also to doing much more by embracing many other industry’s best practices and voluntary initiatives. The
Group actively collaborates with various governments and relevant authorities around the world as part of our efforts against activities
that might impinge upon maritime or cargo security. For example, the Group participates in various national security programmes
including the U.S. Customs-Trade Partnership Against Terrorism (C-TPAT) and the EU Authorised Economic Operator (AEO)
initiatives.

In addition, the Group’s Global Data Centre maintains ISO 27001 certification in order to provide our customers and partners with
quality and secure information that is in accordance with international standards on information security management.

To ensure everyone takes part in protecting our assets and becomes more resilient against cyber-attacks, the Group has developed
programmes and initiatives such as annual cyber security training and mandatory tests for all employees, sophisticated monitoring and
protective systems, regular knowledge and trend updates, as well as conducting user awareness exercises focusing on various aspects of
this subject.

OOCL signed the Gulf of Guinea Declaration on Suppression of Piracy, demanding that no seafarer should face the grave risks of
kidnapping and violence when working in the Gulf of Guinea. The Group recognises the important steps taken and positive initiatives
underway by coastal States in the region. We urge stakeholders to sign this pledge and join together in a coalition to end the threat of
piracy in the Gulf of Guinea.

The Group also recognises that businesses must take responsibility for their industry’s effects on the environment. In our commitment
to further build on our Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) profile, the Group continues to engage in the United Nations’
Sustainable Development Goals (SDG) across our business strategies, operation, and corporate culture. The Group refers to the Ten
Principles of the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC) that set out fundamental responsibilities in areas such as human rights,
labour, environment and anticorruption to tackle global environmental and social challenges. OOCL is also a member of the Maritime
Anti-Corruption Network (MACN), which aims to work within the industry to eliminate all forms of maritime corruption and foster
fair trade practices through collective initiatives.

OOCL is dedicated to environmental protection and committed to data integrity standards. Each year, OOCL ensures that such
standards are consistent and upheld by certifying our environmental data through independent business assurance service providers.
Accredited by LRQA, OOCL has achieved excellent reporting standards through the use of the Clean Cargo verification tool. The
Group’s Sustainability Report is published on an annual basis and it covers the significant environmental, economic and social aspects
of the business arising from the principal activities of OOIL and its subsidiaries. To continue with our commitment in aligning with
international sustainability guidelines and principles, the report is prepared with reference to the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI)
Sustainability Reporting Standards and based on the reporting principles of materiality, quantitative, consistency and balance, which
have been set out in the Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Reporting Code contained in Appendix C2 to the Rules
Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. The report also refers to the Recommendations
of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) to disclose how the Group manages climate-related risks and
opportunities. Besides, The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong has introduced the New Climate Requirements under its ESG framework to
further align with the IFRS S2 Climate-related Disclosures. They are mandatory for LargeCap Issuers and were effective in phases from
the 2025 reporting year. In response, the Group has enhanced its disclosure contents, covering our strategic approach for addressing
climate-related risks and opportunities and the related financial implications.

Our report has been assured by the independent business assurance service provider, LRQA with respect to the extent of its coverage
and information provided with reference to our adopted reporting standards. In doing so, this demonstrates our commitment to high
standards in governance, credibility and transparency.




8           Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2026
                                                                            Management Discussion and Analysis


OOCL’s continuous efforts in environmental protection, safety management and social responsibility have been widely recognised
and commended. Its achievements include consistently achieving one of the highest levels of performance under the Green Flag
Programme and voluntarily implementing vessel speed reduction across its entire fleet to reduce emissions. This initiative, organised
by the Port of Long Beach and Port of Los Angeles in the United States, encourages vessels to reduce their speed within specific zones
near the port, cutting air pollution such as smog-forming nitrogen oxides and greenhouse gases. Through our memberships with
environment-focused organisations such as the Clean Cargo and Global Logistics Emissions Council under Smart Freight Centre, the
World Shipping Council, and the Business Environment Council, we are committed to doing our part in addressing climate change and
environmental protection issues in countries and regions in which we operate.

OOIL was selected by S&P Global to become a constituent of Dow Jones Best-in-Class Asia Pacific Index. The stock of OOIL has
also been included in the FTSE4Good Index Series and sustainability-related Hang Seng Indexes (HSI), namely Hang Seng Corporate
Sustainability Index (HSSUS), Hang Seng ESG 50 Index, HSI ESG Enhanced Index and HSI ESG Enhanced Select Index. Our
achievements in these globally-recognised sustainability indices and assessments are strong evidence of the Group’s commitment to
ESG and sustainability.

As part of our sustainability efforts in environmental and wildlife protection, OOCL participated in the Protecting Blue Whales and
Blue Skies Program – a Vessel Speed Reduction (VSR) programme that aims to reduce air pollution, fatal ship strikes on whales, and
underwater noise, in the San Francisco Bay and Southern California regions, which are also areas included in the World Shipping
Council Whale Chart. OOCL also participated in the Enhancing Cetacean Habitat and Observation (ECHO) Program to study how to
reduce the cumulative effects of shipping on at-risk whales throughout the southern coast of British Columbia in Canada. By creating
seasonal and predictable slow speed zones, the programmes help protect endangered whales, reduce fuel use and regional greenhouse
gas emissions, and improve air quality and human health outcomes. OOCL follows responsible operational practices and supports
measures that protect sensitive marine ecosystems and aid the recovery of vulnerable species.

To maintain the business process and ensure business integrity during periods when the Group’s system applications or offices cannot
be accessed due to exceptional events such as natural disasters, Business Continuity Plans (BCP) are in place for all regions in which
we operate. Each local BCP is customised according to possible natural disasters or severe incidents that might happen in the area. All
local BCPs are reviewed periodically and updated upon external changes that could create a huge impact on our office.




                                                               Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2026         9
Other Information

INTERIM DIVIDEND
The Board of Directors of the Company (the “Board”) is pleased to announce an interim dividend of US$0.55 per ordinary share for the
six months ended 30th June 2026 to be paid on 16th October 2026 to the shareholders whose names appear on the register of members
of the Company on 18th September 2026. The interim dividend will be payable in cash in US dollars or Hong Kong dollars (HK$4.29
converted at the exchange rate of US$1 to HK$7.8) or Renminbi (RMB3.731 converted at the exchange rate of US$1 to RMB6.7829,
being the average of the middle exchange rates between US dollars and Renminbi as announced by the People’s Bank of China for
the 5 business days before and excluding the date of Board meeting for, among other matters, considering the payment of the interim
dividend).

Shareholders may elect to receive their interim dividend in whole in one of the above currencies (HKSCC Nominees Limited may elect
to receive the dividend in whole or in part in any of such currencies). Shareholders who wish to change their currency election for
the interim dividend should complete the dividend election form and return it to the Company’s Hong Kong branch share registrar,
Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited (the “Branch Share Registrar”), at 17M Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s
Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong, not later than 4:30 p.m. on 7th October 2026.


Closure of Register of Members
The record date for determining the shareholders entitled to the interim dividend will be 18th September 2026. The register of
members of the Company will be closed from 14th September 2026 to 18th September 2026, both days inclusive, during which period
no transfer of shares will be registered. To qualify for the interim dividend, all share transfer documents must be accompanied with the
relevant share certificates and lodged with the Branch Share Registrar at Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s
Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong for registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on 11th September 2026.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Compliance with the Corporate Governance Code
The Board and the management of the Company are committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance. The Company
considers that effective corporate governance makes an important contribution to corporate success and to the enhancement of
shareholder value.

The Company has adopted its own corporate governance code (the “CG Code”), which in addition to applying the principles as set out
in the Corporate Governance Code (the “SEHK Code”) contained in Appendix C1 to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities (the
“Listing Rules”) on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”), also incorporates and conforms to local and
international best practices. The CG Code sets out the corporate governance principles applied by the Company and its subsidiaries
(the “Group”) and is constantly reviewed to ensure its transparency, accountability and independence.

Throughout the six months ended 30th June 2026, the Company complied with the SEHK Code, save for two recommended best
practices, as described below:

•    the remuneration of senior management of the Group was disclosed by bands, not on an individual basis

•    quarterly operational results, instead of quarterly financial results, were announced and published


Securities Transactions by Directors
The Company has adopted its own code of conduct regarding securities transactions by Directors on terms no less exacting than the
required standard set out in the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) contained in
Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules.

All Directors of the Company have confirmed, following specific enquiry by the Company, that they fully complied with the required
standards set out in both the Company’s own code and the Model Code throughout the six months ended 30th June 2026.




10          Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                           Other Information


Board of Directors
The Directors of the Company as at the date of this interim report were:

Executive Directors
Mr. Wan Min (Chairman)
Mr. Zhang Feng (Chief Executive Officer)
Mr. Tao Weidong

Non-Executive Directors
Mr. Tung Lieh Cheung Andrew
Mr. Yu Fulin
Mr. Ip Sing Chi
Mr. Si Xinbo

Independent Non-Executive Directors
Mr. Chow Philip Yiu Wah (Lead Independent Non-Executive Director)
Dr. Chung Shui Ming Timpson
Mr. Yang Liang Yee Philip
Ms. Chen Ying
Mr. Chen Hong


Changes in Composition of the Board and the Board Committees
The changes in composition of the Board and the Board Committees of the Company since the date of 2025 annual report of the
Company and up to the date of this interim report are set out below:

 Effective date                      Detail of change
 24th July 2026                      –    Ms. Wang Dan resigned as a Non-Executive Director and ceased as a member of the Risk
                                          Committee.

                                     –     Mr. Si Xinbo was appointed to succeed all positions of Ms. Wang in the Company.

Changes in Directors’ Information
The changes in the information of the Directors of the Company pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules are set out below. Full
biographies of the Directors are available on the Company’s website (https://www.ooilgroup.com).

 Name of Director                    Detail of change
 Tung Lieh Cheung Andrew             –     Appointed as an independent non-executive director of Anchorpoint Financial Limited
                                           (a subsidiary of Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited) with effect from
                                           4th March 2026.

 Yu Fulin                            –     Appointed as a non-executive director of Bank of Shanghai Co., Ltd. (a company listed in
                                           Shanghai) with effect from 29th May 2026.

 Wang Dan                            –     Resigned as a non-executive director of SIBUR Holding (a public joint stock company in
 (Resigned on 24th July 2026)              Russia) and as an executive vice president of Silk Road Fund Co. Ltd., with effect from
                                           1st July 2026 and 20th July 2026 respectively.

                                     –     Appointed as an executive vice president of Siyuan Investment Co., Ltd. with effect from
                                           1st July 2026.




                                                               Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2026       11
Other Information


DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS
As at 30th June 2026, the issued share capital of the Company consisted of 660,373,297 ordinary shares (the “Shares”). The interests
and short positions of the Directors and the Chief Executive of the Company in the shares, the underlying shares and the debentures
of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (“SFO”))
as at 30th June 2026, as recorded in the register kept by the Company pursuant to section 352 of the SFO or otherwise notified to the
Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code contained in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules, were as follows:

(a) Interests and short positions in the Shares, the underlying Shares and the debentures of the Company:

     Nil.

(b) Interests and short positions in the shares of the associated corporations of the Company:

                                                                                                                                          Approximate
                                                                                                                                          percentage of
                                                                                                                                             total issued
                                                                                               Number of                                   share capital
                                                                                                 ordinary                                     of relevant
                                                                                            shares held as              Number           class of shares
      Name of associated                    Name of                                              personal              of shares          of associated
      corporation                           Director                 Capacity                     interest            interested            corporation

      COSCO SHIPPING                        WAN Min                  Beneficial owner              200,000              200,000               0.00580%
       Development Co., Ltd.                                                                     (H shares)           (H shares)               (Note 1)

                                                                     Interest of spouse                    –              90,000              0.00092%
                                                                                                                      (A shares)               (Note 1)

      COSCO SHIPPING                        WAN Min                  Beneficial owner               380,491              380,491              0.00947%
       Ports Limited                                                                                                                           (Note 2)

     Notes:

     (1)      The shareholding percentage was calculated on the basis of 3,445,672,000 H shares and 9,751,983,820 A shares of COSCO SHIPPING Development
              Co., Ltd. in issue as at 30th June 2026 (as the case may be).

     (2)      The shareholding percentage was calculated on the basis of 4,016,710,738 shares of COSCO SHIPPING Ports Limited in issue as at 30th June 2026.


(c) Interests and short positions in the underlying shares and the debentures of the associated corporation of the Company:

     Nil.

Save as disclosed above, as at 30th June 2026, none of the Directors or the Chief Executive of the Company had any interest or short
position in the shares, the underlying shares and the debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the
meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which were required to be (a) notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions
7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they are taken or deemed to have under such provisions
of the SFO); or (b) entered in the register kept by the Company pursuant to section 352 of the SFO; or (c) notified to the Company and
the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.




12             Orient Overseas (International) Limited       Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                                                 Other Information


SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS
As at 30th June 2026, the following persons (other than the Directors or the Chief Executive of the Company) had an interest or short
position in the Shares and the underlying Shares which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2
and 3 of Part XV of the SFO as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under section 336 of the SFO:

                                                                                                          Number of Shares interested
     Name of substantial shareholder                            Capacity                                             (Long position)                Percentage

     COSCO SHIPPING Holdings (Hong Kong)                        Beneficial owner                                               469,344,972               71.07%
      Limited                                                                                                                     (Note 2)

     COSCO SHIPPING Holdings Co., Ltd.                          Interest of controlled corporation                             469,344,972               71.07%
                                                                                                                                  (Note 3)

     China COSCO SHIPPING Corporation                           Interest of controlled corporation                             469,344,972               71.07%
      Limited                                                                                                                     (Note 4)

     Shanghai Port Group (BVI) Development                      Beneficial owner                                                59,880,536                9.06%
       Co., Limited

     Shanghai International Port Group (HK)                     Interest of controlled corporation                              59,880,536                9.06%
       Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                  (Note 5)

     Shanghai International Port (Group)                        Interest of controlled corporation                              59,880,536                9.06%
       Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                  (Note 6)

Notes:

1.       The substantial shareholders’ interests as at 30th June 2026 disclosed above are based on the information from the Disclosure of Interests Online System of
         the Stock Exchange.

2.       On 11th December 2025, COSCO SHIPPING Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited (“COSCO SHIPPING HK”) and Faulkner Global Holdings Limited
         (“Faulkner”, a wholly-owned subsidiary of COSCO SHIPPING HK) entered into an equity transfer agreement, pursuant to which Faulkner agreed to sell
         and COSCO SHIPPING HK agreed to purchase 469,344,972 Shares of the Company (the “Transfer”). Please refer to the announcement of the Company
         dated 11th December 2025 for further details. As at the date of this interim report, the registration of the Transfer has been completed.

3.       COSCO SHIPPING Holdings Co., Ltd. (“COSCO SHIPPING Holdings”) held 100% of the shares of COSCO SHIPPING HK and, accordingly, had an
         indirect interest in the same Shares in which COSCO SHIPPING HK had an interest.

4.       China COSCO SHIPPING Corporation Limited (“COSCO SHIPPING”), through itself and its subsidiaries, held approximately 45.91% of the shares
         of COSCO SHIPPING Holdings and, accordingly, had an indirect interest in the same Shares in which COSCO SHIPPING Holdings had an interest.
         COSCO SHIPPING is a state-owned enterprise established in the People’s Republic of China.

5.       Shanghai International Port Group (HK) Co., Ltd. (“SIPG HK”) held 100% of the shares of Shanghai Port Group (BVI) Development Co., Limited (“SIPG
         BVI”) and, accordingly, had an indirect interest in the same Shares in which SIPG BVI had an interest.

6.       Shanghai International Port (Group) Co., Ltd. (“SIPG”) held 100% of the shares of SIPG HK and, accordingly, had an indirect interest in the same Shares
         in which SIPG HK had an interest.




                                                                              Orient Overseas (International) Limited         Interim Report 2026               13
Other Information


The directorships and positions held by the Directors of the Company in the companies disclosed above as at the date of this interim
report are set out below:

(1) Mr. Wan Min is the chairman of the board and the Party Secretary of COSCO SHIPPING, and the chairman of the board and an
    executive director of COSCO SHIPPING Holdings.

(2) Mr. Zhang Feng is an executive vice president and a Party Committee member of COSCO SHIPPING, and the vice chairman of
    the board and an executive director of COSCO SHIPPING Holdings.

(3) Mr. Tao Weidong is the employee representative director of COSCO SHIPPING, an executive director, the general manager and
    the Party Secretary of COSCO SHIPPING Holdings, the chairman of the board of COSCO SHIPPING HK, and a director of
    Faulkner.

(4) Mr. Yu Fulin is the Party Secretary and the chairman of the board of SIPG.

Save as disclosed above, as at 30th June 2026, the Company had not been notified by any person (other than the Directors or the Chief
Executive of the Company) who had an interest or short position in the Shares or the underlying Shares which were required to be
disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which were recorded in the register
required to be kept by the Company under section 336 of the SFO.


DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries was a party to any arrangement enabling the Directors of the Company to acquire
benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate at any time during the six
months ended 30th June 2026.


PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF SHARES
During the six months ended 30th June 2026, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries had purchased, sold or redeemed any of
the Company’s Shares (including sale of treasury shares (as defined in the Listing Rules) of the Company, if any).

As at 30th June 2026, the Company did not hold any treasury shares (whether held or deposited with the Central Clearing and
Settlement System (“CCASS”), or otherwise). All treasury shares, if any, held by the Company are not entitled to receive the interim
dividend. The Company will withdraw all repurchased shares, if any, from CCASS, and either re-register them in its own name as
treasury shares or cancel such repurchased shares, in each case before the record date for the interim dividend.


PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
No pre-emptive rights exist under Bermuda law in relation to the issue of new shares by the Company.


REVIEW OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The Audit Committee of the Company has reviewed the unaudited interim results of the Group for the six months ended 30th June
2026, in conjunction with the external and internal auditors of the Company.




14          Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2026
                                          Index – Interim Financial Information
Content                                                                                                               Page no.

Report on Review of Interim Financial Information                                                                            16

Condensed Consolidated Profit and Loss Account (Unaudited)                                                                   17

Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income (Unaudited)                                                         18

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet (Unaudited)                                                                             19

Condensed Consolidated Cash Flow Statement (Unaudited)                                                                       21

Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity (Unaudited)                                                            22

Notes to the Interim Financial Information

1.     General information                                                                                                   23

2.     Basis of preparation                                                                                                  23

3.     Financial risk management                                                                                             24

4.     Critical accounting estimates and judgements                                                                          25

5.     Revenue                                                                                                               26

6.     Segment information                                                                                                   26

7.     Operating profit                                                                                                      30

8.     Key management compensation                                                                                           30

9.     Finance costs                                                                                                         30

10.    Taxation                                                                                                              31

11.    Earnings per ordinary share                                                                                           31

12.    Dividends                                                                                                             32

13.    Capital expenditure                                                                                                   32

14.    Debtors and prepayments                                                                                               33

15.    Share capital                                                                                                         34

16.    Reserves                                                                                                              34

17.    Lease liabilities                                                                                                     34

18.    Provision                                                                                                             35

19.    Creditors and accruals                                                                                                35

20.    Commitments                                                                                                           36

21.    Significant related party transactions                                                                                37



                                                             Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2026   15
Report on Review of Interim Financial Information
To the Board of Directors of
Orient Overseas (International) Limited
(incorporated in Bermuda with members’ limited liability)


Introduction
We have reviewed the interim financial information of Orient Overseas (International) Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries
(hereinafter collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 17 to 38, which comprises the condensed consolidated balance
sheet as at 30th June 2026 and the related condensed consolidated profit and loss account, condensed consolidated statement of
comprehensive income, condensed consolidated cash flow statement and condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity for
the six-month period then ended, and other explanatory notes. The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange
of Hong Kong Limited require the preparation of a report on interim financial information to be in compliance with the relevant
provisions thereof and Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting” (“HKAS 34”) issued by the Hong Kong
Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of this
interim financial information in accordance with HKAS 34. Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on this interim financial
information based on our review, and to report our conclusion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of
engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents
of this report.


Scope of Review
We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410 “Review of Interim Financial
Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants.
A review of this interim financial information consists of making inquiries, primarily of persons responsible for financial and
accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures. A review is substantially less in scope than an audit
conducted in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we
would become aware of all significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.


Conclusion
Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the interim financial information is not prepared,
in all material respects, in accordance with HKAS 34.




SHINEWING (HK) CPA Limited
Certified Public Accountants
Pang Wai Hang
Practising Certificate Number: P05044
Hong Kong

27th August 2026




16          Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2026
Condensed Consolidated Profit and Loss Account (Unaudited)
                                                                                                  For the six months ended 30th June 2026



 US$’000                                                                                   Note                  2026                 2025
 Revenue                                                                                   5, 6              5,173,277            4,876,265
 Operating costs                                                                                            (4,334,947)          (3,907,230)

 Gross profit                                                                                                  838,330             969,035
 Other operating income                                                                                        124,709             179,250
 Business and administrative expenses                                                                         (241,564)           (214,952)
 (Provision for)/reversal of impairment losses on financial assets, net                                         (7,370)              2,778
 Other gains, net                                                                                                6,156              41,883

 Operating profit                                                                           7                 720,261              977,994
 Finance costs                                                                              9                  (4,466)             (11,974)
 Share of profits of joint ventures                                                                             3,127                2,701
 Share of profits of associated companies                                                                       4,582                4,319

 Profit before taxation                                                                                       723,504              973,040
 Taxation                                                                                   10                  5,823              (17,905)

 Profit for the period                                                                                        729,327              955,135

 Profit attributable to:
 Equity holders of the Company                                                                                727,950              954,229
 Non-controlling interests                                                                                      1,377                  906

                                                                                                              729,327              955,135

 Earnings per ordinary share (US$)                                                          11
 Basic and diluted                                                                                                1.10                 1.44




The notes on pages 23 to 38 form an integral part of this interim financial information.

                                                                Orient Overseas (International) Limited    Interim Report 2026            17
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income (Unaudited)
For the six months ended 30th June 2026



 US$’000                                                                                           2026      2025
 Profit for the period                                                                           729,327   955,135

 Other comprehensive income/(loss):
 Item that will not be subsequently reclassified to profit or loss:
 Remeasurement gains/(losses) on defined benefit scheme                                             755      (201)

 Items that have been reclassified or may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
 Currency translation adjustments
    Subsidiaries                                                                                   1,606    (4,562)
    Joint ventures                                                                                   285       (23)
    Associated companies                                                                           4,284       569

 Total amount that has been reclassified or may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss     6,175    (4,016)

 Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the period, net of tax                                      6,930    (4,217)

 Total comprehensive income for the period                                                       736,257   950,918

 Total comprehensive income attributable to:
 Equity holders of the Company                                                                   735,189   949,980
 Non-controlling interests                                                                         1,068       938

                                                                                                 736,257   950,918




The notes on pages 23 to 38 form an integral part of this interim financial information.

18          Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2026
      Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet (Unaudited)
                                                                                                                 As at 30th June 2026



                                                                                                        30th June    31st December
US$’000                                                                               Note                   2026             2025

ASSETS
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment                                                          13               9,213,470             8,500,668
Right-of-use assets                                                                    13               1,487,663             1,552,906
Investment property                                                                    13                 200,000               200,000
Investments in joint ventures and associated companies                                                    155,638               150,145
Intangible assets                                                                      13                   4,924                 5,388
Deferred taxation assets                                                                                   37,345                32,691
Pension and retirement assets                                                                              16,803                16,272
Restricted bank balances                                                                                        2                     –
Investments at fair value through other comprehensive income                                                   34                    34
Investments at amortised cost                                                                              17,000                17,000
Other non-current assets                                                                                   13,648                12,912

                                                                                                       11,146,527            10,488,016

Current assets
Inventories                                                                                               383,549               197,308
Debtors and prepayments                                                                14                 836,971               685,124
Investments at amortised cost                                                                              17,833                30,846
Portfolio investments at fair value through profit or loss                                                  9,608                11,134
Tax recoverable                                                                                             8,959                 8,805
Restricted bank balances                                                                                    4,816                 4,634
Cash and bank balances                                                                                  5,783,120             6,243,182

                                                                                                        7,044,856             7,181,033

Total assets                                                                                           18,191,383            17,669,049

EQUITY
Equity holders
Share capital                                                                          15                  66,037                66,037
Reserves                                                                               16              13,800,363            13,342,531

                                                                                                       13,866,400            13,408,568
Non-controlling interests                                                                                   5,067                 4,789

Total equity                                                                                           13,871,467            13,413,357




                                                             Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2026           19
Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet (Unaudited)
As at 30th June 2026



                                                                                                   30th June   31st December
 US$’000                                                                                   Note         2026            2025
 LIABILITIES
 Non-current liabilities
 Lease liabilities                                                                          17      706,348          711,064
 Deferred taxation liabilities                                                                      181,695          181,505
 Provision                                                                                  18      876,745          876,745

                                                                                                   1,764,788       1,769,314

 Current liabilities
 Creditors and accruals                                                                     19     1,886,285       1,802,064
 Lease liabilities                                                                          17       565,772         568,384
 Current taxation                                                                                    103,071         115,930

                                                                                                   2,555,128       2,486,378

 Total liabilities                                                                                 4,319,916       4,255,692

 Total equity and liabilities                                                                     18,191,383      17,669,049




Wan Min                                                             Tao Weidong
Director                                                            Director




The notes on pages 23 to 38 form an integral part of this interim financial information.

20          Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2026
Condensed Consolidated Cash Flow Statement (Unaudited)
                                                                                             For the six months ended 30th June 2026



 US$’000                                                                                                       2026                 2025
 Cash flows from operating activities
   Cash generated from operations                                                                           852,410            1,172,946
   Interest and financing charges paid                                                                      (22,382)             (25,550)
   Income tax paid                                                                                          (11,478)             (22,625)

    Net cash from operating activities                                                                      818,550            1,124,771

 Cash flows from investing activities
   Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                   26,063               24,976
   Redemption on maturity of investments at amortised cost                                                   13,000                    –
   Purchase of property, plant and equipment and other non-current assets                                  (829,628)            (973,880)
   Increase in restricted bank balances and bank deposits maturing
     more than three months from the date of placement                                                     (973,273)            (560,232)
   Interest received                                                                                        117,540              152,878
   Movements of other investing activities                                                                    6,863                2,341

    Net cash used in investing activities                                                                (1,639,435)           (1,353,917)

 Cash flows from financing activities
   Repayment of lease liabilities                                                                          (334,947)            (333,652)
   Dividends paid to equity holders of the Company                                                         (277,357)            (871,693)
   Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                                                 (790)                (521)

    Cash used in financing activities                                                                      (613,094)           (1,205,866)

 Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                                               (1,433,979)           (1,435,012)
 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period                                                         3,095,149             5,650,964
 Currency translation adjustments                                                                               828                (6,855)

 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period                                                               1,661,998            4,209,097

 Analysis of cash and cash equivalents
   Cash and bank balances                                                                                 5,783,120             7,020,711
   Bank deposits maturing more than three months from the date of placement                              (4,121,122)           (2,811,614)

    Cash and cash equivalents at end of period                                                            1,661,998            4,209,097




The notes on pages 23 to 38 form an integral part of this interim financial information.

                                                               Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2026            21
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity (Unaudited)
For the six months ended 30th June 2026



                                                                       Equity holders                          Non-
                                                                                                         controlling
 US$’000                                               Share capital         Reserves       Sub-total      interests        Total

 At 1st January 2026                                         66,037         13,342,531     13,408,568         4,789    13,413,357
 Total comprehensive income for the period                        –            735,189        735,189         1,068       736,257
 Transactions with owners
   2025 final dividend                                             –          (277,357)      (277,357)            –      (277,357)
   Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                     –                 –              –          (790)         (790)

 At 30th June 2026                                           66,037         13,800,363     13,866,400         5,067    13,871,467

 At 1st January 2025                                         66,037         13,179,513     13,245,550         3,947    13,249,497
 Total comprehensive income for the period                        –            949,980        949,980           938       950,918
 Transactions with owners
   2024 final dividend                                             –          (871,693)      (871,693)            –      (871,693)
   Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                     –                 –              –          (521)         (521)

 At 30th June 2025                                           66,037         13,257,800     13,323,837         4,364    13,328,201




The notes on pages 23 to 38 form an integral part of this interim financial information.

22          Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2026
                             Notes to the Interim Financial Information

1. General information
   Orient Overseas (International) Limited (the “Company”) is a members’ limited liability company incorporated in Bermuda. The
   address of its registered office is Richmond House, 12 Par-la-Ville Road, Hamilton HM 08, Bermuda and the principal office is
   31st Floor, Harbour Centre, 25 Harbour Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong, China.

   The Company has its shares listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.

   The ultimate parent company of the Group is China COSCO SHIPPING Corporation Limited (“COSCO SHIPPING”), a state-
   owned enterprise established in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”).

   This interim financial information is presented in US dollars, unless otherwise stated.

   This interim financial information was approved by the Board of Directors on 27th August 2026.


2. Basis of preparation
   The interim financial information of the Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) has been prepared in accordance with Hong
   Kong Accounting Standard (“HKAS”) 34 “Interim Financial Reporting” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
   Accountants (the “HKICPA”) and the applicable disclosure requirements of Appendix D2 to the Rules Governing the Listing
   of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. They have been prepared under the historical cost convention, as
   modified by the revaluation of investment property, investments at fair value through other comprehensive income and portfolio
   investments at fair value through profit or loss which are carried at fair value. The interim financial information should be read in
   conjunction with the annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31st December 2025, which have been prepared
   in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards issued by the HKICPA.

   The accounting policies and methods of computation used in the preparation of the interim financial information are consistent
   with those used in the annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31st December 2025 except for the adoption of
   amendments and improvement to existing standards effective for the financial year ending 31st December 2026.


   The adoption of revised standards
   In 2026, the Group adopted the following amendments and improvement to existing standards, which are relevant to its
   operations.


    Amendments and improvement to existing standards

    HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7 (Amendments)                       Classification and Measurement of Financial Instruments
    HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7 (Amendments)                       Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity
    HKFRS Accounting Standards                             Annual Improvements – Volume 11

   The adoption of the above amendments and improvement to existing standards does not have a material impact to the results and
   financial position of the Group.




                                                              Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2026          23
Notes to the Interim Financial Information


2. Basis of preparation (Continued)
     New standards and amendments to existing standards and interpretation that are relevant to the Group
     but not yet effective

      New standards and amendments to existing standards                                                  Effective for accounting periods
      and interpretation                                                                                             beginning on or after

      HKAS 21 (Amendment)               Translation to a Hyperinflationary Presentation Currency                           1st January 2027
      HKFRS 18                          Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements                                1st January 2027
      HK Int 5 (Amendment)              Classification by the Borrower of a Term Loan that                                 1st January 2027
                                           Contains a Repayment on Demand Clause
      HKFRS 20                          Regulatory Assets and Regulatory Liabilities                                        1st January 2029
      HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28              Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its                         To be announced
       (Amendments)                        Associate or Joint Venture

     The Group has not early adopted the above new standards and amendments to existing standards and interpretation. The Group
     is in the process of assessing the impact of the new standards on the Group’s accounting policies and consolidated financial
     statements. The adoption of the above new standards and amendments to existing standards and interpretation is not expected to
     have a significant effect on the consolidated financial statements of the Group, except that the adoption of HKFRS 18 may have
     impact on the presentation of the Group’s consolidated financial statements.


3. Financial risk management
     All aspects of the Group’s financial risk management objectives and policies are consistent with those disclosed in the annual
     consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31st December 2025.


     3.1 Fair value estimation
          The financial instruments that are measured in the consolidated balance sheet at fair value, require disclosure of fair value
          measurements by level of the following fair value measurement hierarchy:

          •      Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1).

          •      Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (that
                 is, as prices) or indirectly (that is, derived from prices) (level 2).

          •      Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (that is, unobservable inputs) (level 3).

          The following table presents the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value at 30th June 2026:


              US$’000                                                                         Level 1            Level 3              Total
              Assets
              Portfolio investments at fair value through profit or loss
                Equity securities                                                              9,608                   –              9,608
              Investments at fair value through other comprehensive income
                Unlisted equity securities                                                          –                 34                    34

              Total                                                                            9,608                  34              9,642




24            Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2026
                                                                   Notes to the Interim Financial Information


3. Financial risk management (Continued)
   3.1 Fair value estimation (Continued)
        The following table presents the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value at 31st December 2025:


         US$’000                                                                       Level 1             Level 3             Total
         Assets
         Portfolio investments at fair value through profit or loss
           Equity securities                                                            11,134                  –            11,134
         Investments at fair value through other comprehensive income
           Unlisted equity securities                                                        –                 34                 34

         Total                                                                          11,134                 34            11,168

        There were no transfers among levels 1, 2 and 3 during the period.

        Specific valuation techniques used to value level 3 financial instruments include dealer quotes.

        There were no changes in valuation techniques during the period.

        Instruments included in level 3 comprise unlisted equity securities classified as investments at fair value through other
        comprehensive income.

        There were no movements in level 3 instruments during the period.


   3.2 Fair values of financial assets and liabilities measured at amortised cost

                                                                   Carrying amounts                           Fair values
                                                                 30th June     31st December            30th June    31st December
         US$’000                                                      2026              2025                 2026             2025
         Investments at amortised cost                              34,833              47,846             34,896            48,227

        The fair values of debtors, cash and bank balances, restricted bank balances, other financial assets and creditors approximate
        their carrying amounts due to the short-term maturities of these assets and liabilities.


4. Critical accounting estimates and judgements
   Estimates and judgements used in preparing the consolidated financial statements are continually evaluated and are based on
   historical experience and other factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the
   circumstances. The resulting accounting estimates will, by definition, seldom equal the related actual results.

   The estimates and assumptions applied in the preparation of the interim financial information are consistent with those used in
   the annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31st December 2025.




                                                             Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2026         25
Notes to the Interim Financial Information


5. Revenue
      US$’000                                                                                               2026               2025
      Container transport and logistics                                                                5,162,255          4,864,271
      Others                                                                                              11,022             11,994

                                                                                                       5,173,277          4,876,265

     The principal activities of the Group are container transport and logistics.

     Revenue comprises gross freight income, service and other income from the operation of the container transport and logistics and
     rental income from the investment property.


6. Segment information
     The principal activities of the Group are container transport and logistics. Container transport and logistics include global
     containerised shipping services in major trade lanes, covering Trans-Pacific, Trans-Atlantic, Asia/Europe and Intra-Asia/
     Australasia trades, and integrated services over the management and control of effective storage and flow of goods. In accordance
     with the Group’s internal financial reporting provided to the chief operating decision-makers, who are responsible for allocating
     resources, assessing performance of the operating segments and making strategic decisions, the reportable operating segments are
     container transport and logistics and others. The Executive Directors are the Group’s chief operating decision-makers.


     Operating segments
     The segment results for the six months ended 30th June 2026 are as follows:


                                                                                      Container
                                                                                      transport
      US$’000                                                                       and logistics         Others               Total
      Revenue from contracts with customers:
        Over time                                                                      5,031,997               –          5,031,997
      Revenue from other source                                                          130,258          11,022            141,280

                                                                                       5,162,255          11,022          5,173,277
      Other operating income                                                            123,383            1,326            124,709

                                                                                       5,285,638          12,348          5,297,986

      Operating profit/(loss)                                                           720,479              (218)          720,261
      Finance costs                                                                      (4,466)                –            (4,466)
      Share of profits of joint ventures                                                  3,127                 –             3,127
      Share of profits of associated companies                                            4,582                 –             4,582

      Profit/(loss) before taxation                                                     723,722              (218)          723,504
      Taxation                                                                            5,901               (78)            5,823

      Profit/(loss) for the period                                                      729,623              (296)          729,327

      Additions to non-current assets*                                                 1,191,052                –         1,191,052
      Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                      277,587                7           277,594
      Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                248,013                –           248,013
      Amortisation of intangible assets                                                    1,070                –             1,070




26          Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2026
                                                                                Notes to the Interim Financial Information


6. Segment information (Continued)
   Operating segments (Continued)
   The segment results for the six months ended 30th June 2025 are as follows:


                                                                                                    Container
                                                                                                     transport
       US$’000                                                                                    and logistics                Others              Total
       Revenue from contracts with customers:
         Over time                                                                                   4,751,356                      –          4,751,356
       Revenue from other source                                                                       112,915                 11,994            124,909

                                                                                                      4,864,271                11,994          4,876,265
       Other operating income                                                                          176,152                  3,098            179,250

                                                                                                      5,040,423                15,092          5,055,515

       Operating profit                                                                                969,823                  8,171           977,994
       Finance costs                                                                                   (11,974)                     –           (11,974)
       Share of profits of joint ventures                                                                2,701                      –             2,701
       Share of profits of associated companies                                                          4,319                      –             4,319

       Profit before taxation                                                                          964,869                  8,171           973,040
       Taxation                                                                                        (16,256)                (1,649)          (17,905)

       Profit for the period                                                                           948,613                  6,522           955,135

       Additions to non-current assets*                                                              1,680,535                       –         1,680,535
       Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                                   246,496                       7           246,503
       Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                             232,657                       –           232,657
       Amortisation of intangible assets                                                                 2,191                       –             2,191

   *       Additions to non-current assets comprise additions to property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets.




                                                                         Orient Overseas (International) Limited         Interim Report 2026          27
Notes to the Interim Financial Information


6. Segment information (Continued)
     Operating segments (Continued)
     The segment assets and liabilities at 30th June 2026 are as follows:


                                                                                     Container
                                                                                     transport
      US$’000                                                                      and logistics            Others             Group
      Segment assets                                                                 17,734,896            298,516         18,033,412
      Joint ventures                                                                     15,372                  –             15,372
      Associated companies                                                              142,599                  –            142,599

      Total assets                                                                   17,892,867            298,516         18,191,383

      Segment liabilities                                                            (4,199,339)          (120,577)        (4,319,916)

     The segment assets and liabilities at 31st December 2025 are as follows:


                                                                                      Container
                                                                                       transport
      US$’000                                                                       and logistics           Others             Group
      Segment assets                                                                 17,222,676            296,228         17,518,904
      Joint ventures                                                                     10,930                  –             10,930
      Associated companies                                                              139,215                  –            139,215

      Total assets                                                                   17,372,821            296,228         17,669,049

      Segment liabilities                                                             (4,137,600)         (118,092)        (4,255,692)

     The segment of “Others” primarily includes assets and liabilities of property investment and corporate level activities. Assets
     under the segment of “Others” consist primarily of investment property, investments at amortised cost, portfolio investments at
     fair value through profit or loss together with cash and bank balances related to property investment activities. Liabilities under
     the segment of “Others” primarily include creditors and accruals and deferred taxation liabilities related to property investment
     and corporate level activities.




28          Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2026
                                                                               Notes to the Interim Financial Information


6. Segment information (Continued)
   Geographical information
   The Group’s two reportable operating segments operate in below main geographical areas, even though they are managed on a
   worldwide basis. Freight revenues from container transport and logistics are analysed based on the outbound cargoes of each
   geographical territory. Revenues from other sources are analysed based on the geographical territory that the Group derives
   revenue from customers.

   The Group’s non-current assets mainly include container vessels and containers which are primarily utilised across geographical
   markets for shipment of cargoes throughout the world. Accordingly, non-current assets by geographical areas are not presented.


                                                                                                                                            Additions to
                                                                                                                                            non-current
       US$’000                                                                                                             Revenue                assets#
       Six months ended 30th June 2026
        Asia                                                                                                              4,099,553              68,684
        Europe                                                                                                              546,028                 668
        North and South America                                                                                             359,755                 409
        Australia and Africa                                                                                                167,941                  35
        Unallocated*                                                                                                              –           1,121,256

                                                                                                                          5,173,277           1,191,052

       Six months ended 30th June 2025
        Asia                                                                                                              3,829,647               21,034
        Europe                                                                                                              568,510                  736
        North and South America                                                                                             324,556                2,537
        Australia and Africa                                                                                                153,552                  356
        Unallocated*                                                                                                              –            1,655,872

                                                                                                                          4,876,265            1,680,535

   #
          Additions to non-current assets comprise additions to property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets.

   *      Unallocated additions to non-current assets comprise additions to container vessels and capitalised dry-docking costs, assets under construction,
          scrubbers and other vessel equipment, containers and computer software costs.




                                                                        Orient Overseas (International) Limited         Interim Report 2026            29
Notes to the Interim Financial Information


7. Operating profit
      US$’000                                                                                               2026               2025
      Operating profit is arrived at after crediting:

      Interest income from banks                                                                         120,262            175,712
      Interest income from deposits in a fellow subsidiary                                                 1,077              1,144
      Interest income from investments at amortised cost                                                   1,053              1,343
      Gross rental income from an investment property                                                     11,022             11,994
      Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                    8,396             10,509
      Gain on early termination of leases                                                                     10                  –
      Income from portfolio investments at fair value through profit or loss
         Fair value gain (realised and unrealised)                                                              –             1,437
         Distribution                                                                                          12                 5
         Dividend income                                                                                       66                90
      Exchange gain                                                                                             –            29,947

      and after charging:

      Loss on early termination of leases                                                                       –                 10
      Fair value loss on portfolio investments at fair value through profit or loss
        (realised and unrealised)                                                                           1,526                  –
      Exchange loss                                                                                           724                  –


8. Key management compensation
      US$’000                                                                                               2026               2025
      Salaries, discretionary bonuses and other employee benefits                                           3,047              1,019
      Pension costs – defined contribution plans                                                              261                 68

                                                                                                            3,308              1,087

     The Group usually determines and pays discretionary bonuses to employees (including Directors) around middle of each year
     based on the actual financial results of the Group for the preceding year. The discretionary bonuses represent actual payments to
     the Directors and individuals during the current financial period in relation to performance for the preceding year, if any.


9. Finance costs
      US$’000                                                                                               2026               2025
      Interest expense
         Lease liabilities                                                                                 25,239             29,899
      Amount capitalised under assets under construction                                                  (20,773)           (17,925)

      Net interest expense                                                                                  4,466            11,974




30         Orient Overseas (International) Limited      Interim Report 2026
                                                                   Notes to the Interim Financial Information


10. Taxation
    US$’000                                                                                                   2026               2025
    Current taxation
      HKSAR profits tax                                                                                       (922)             4,355
      Non HKSAR taxation                                                                                      (696)             8,899

                                                                                                            (1,618)            13,254
    Deferred taxation                                                                                       (4,205)             4,651

                                                                                                            (5,823)            17,905

   Taxation has been provided at the appropriate tax rates prevailing in the countries/regions in which the Group operates on the
   estimated assessable profits for the period. These rates range from 5% to 39% (2025: 5% to 39%) and the rates applicable to the
   withholding tax for undistributed earnings of subsidiaries range from 5% to 30% (2025: 5% to 30%). The HKSAR profits tax for
   ocean freight transportation business is charged based on the relevant entity’s Hong Kong-sourced income (i.e. at a percentage
   of the total worldwide ocean freight transportation business profit) under the HKSAR tax incentive regime for international
   shipping businesses and at the applicable tax rate of 16.5% (2025: 16.5%). The negative amounts represent that over-provision in
   prior years offset against the current year provision.

   In December 2021, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development released the Pillar Two Model Rules (the
   Global Anti-Base Erosion Proposal, or “GloBE”) to reform international corporate taxation. Large multinational enterprises with
   consolidated revenue of over EUR750 million are subject to the rules. They are required to calculate their GloBE effective tax rate
   for each jurisdiction where they operate and will be liable to pay a minimum effective tax rate of 15%.

   The Group is within the scope of the GloBE. However, international shipping income and certain qualified ancillary international
   shipping income are excluded from the GloBE. Certain jurisdictions where the Group has operations, such as the United
   Kingdom, countries under the European Union, Australia and Canada, etc. have their Pillar Two legislation being effective in
   2024. The Pillar Two legislation has also been enacted in Hong Kong in 2025 and becomes effective from 1st January 2025. The
   Group applies the exception from recognising and disclosing information about deferred tax assets and liabilities related to the
   Pillar Two income taxes, as provided in the Amendments to HKAS 12 issued in July 2023.

   As the Group operates worldwide and the types of international shipping income and ancillary income covered by the exclusion
   are subject to complicated rules and restrictions, the Group would continue to cooperate with the ultimate parent company to
   monitor the ongoing impact of the rules, covering Hong Kong and other jurisdictions.


11. Earnings per ordinary share
   The calculation of basic and diluted earnings per ordinary share is based on the Group’s profit attributable to equity holders of the
   Company divided by the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the period.

   The basic and diluted earnings per ordinary share are the same since there are no potential dilutive shares.


                                                                                                              2026               2025

    Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue (thousands)                                        660,373            660,373

    Group’s profit attributable to equity holders of the Company (US$’000)                                 727,950            954,229

    Earnings per share attributable to equity holders of the Company (US$)                                    1.10                1.44




                                                              Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2026          31
Notes to the Interim Financial Information


12. Dividends
      US$’000                                                                                                                 2026                    2025
      Interim dividend of US$0.55 (2025: US$0.72) per ordinary share                                                       363,205                  475,469

     The final dividend for 2025 of US$277.4 million has been accounted for as an appropriation of retained profit in the six months
     ended 30th June 2026.

     The Board of Directors declares an interim dividend of US$0.55 (2025: US$0.72) per ordinary share for the six months
     ended 30th June 2026 on 27th August 2026. The interim dividend will be payable in cash in US dollars or Hong Kong dollars
     (HK$4.29 converted at the exchange rate of US$1 to HK$7.8) or Renminbi (RMB3.731 converted at the exchange rate of US$1 to
     RMB6.7829, being the average of middle exchange rates between US dollars and Renminbi as announced by the People’s Bank of
     China for the 5 business days before and excluding the date of Board meeting for, among other matters, considering the payment
     of the interim dividend).


13. Capital expenditure
                                                             Property,
                                                             plant and        Right-of-use         Investment            Intangible
      US$’000                                               equipment               assets           property                assets                  Total
      Net book amounts
       At 1st January 2026                                   8,500,668           1,552,906              200,000                5,388        10,258,962
       Currency translation adjustments                            573                (148)                   –                   12               437
       Additions                                               865,440             325,018                    –                  594         1,191,052
       Reclassification, disposals/written off                 124,383            (142,100)                   –                    –           (17,717)
       Depreciation and amortisation                          (277,594)           (248,013)                   –               (1,070)         (526,677)

         At 30th June 2026                                   9,213,470           1,487,663              200,000                4,924        10,906,057

         At 1st January 2025                                  6,710,820           1,732,776             200,000                4,840          8,648,436
         Currency translation adjustments                           602               2,285                   –                    3              2,890
         Additions                                            1,317,897             359,621                   –                3,017          1,680,535
         Reclassification, disposals/written off                142,194            (156,671)                  –                    –            (14,477)
         Depreciation and amortisation                         (246,503)           (232,657)                  –               (2,191)          (481,351)

         At 30th June 2025                                    7,925,010           1,705,354             200,000                5,669          9,836,033

     Note:

     Additions to property, plant and equipment in the first half of 2026 mainly comprised instalment payments of US$612.6 million (2025: US$890.4 million)
     for orders placed by the Group for the construction of container vessels.

     During the six months ended 30th June 2026, construction of one (2025: five) vessel was completed and the vessel was delivered to the Group.




32           Orient Overseas (International) Limited       Interim Report 2026
                                                                  Notes to the Interim Financial Information


14. Debtors and prepayments
                                                                                                        30th June    31st December
    US$’000                                                                                                  2026             2025
    Trade receivables
      Third parties                                                                                       461,381            379,415
      Joint ventures                                                                                        2,333                  –
      Fellow subsidiaries                                                                                   9,808              5,324
      Related companies                                                                                     1,982              1,418
    Less: Provision for impairment                                                                        (48,719)           (41,549)

    Trade receivables – net                                                                               426,785            344,608
    Other debtors                                                                                         197,278            171,831
    Other prepayments, utility and other deposits                                                         142,296            118,615
    Amounts due from related parties
      Fellow subsidiaries                                                                                  47,304             23,001
      Related companies                                                                                    23,308             27,069

                                                                                                          836,971            685,124

   Trade receivables are normally due for payment on presentation of invoices or granted with an approved credit period ranging
   mainly from 10 to 30 days. Debtors with overdue balances are requested to settle all outstanding balances before any further credit
   is granted.

   The ageing analysis of the Group’s trade receivables, net of provision for impairment, prepared in accordance with the dates of
   invoices, is as follows:


                                                                                                        30th June    31st December
    US$’000                                                                                                  2026             2025
    Below 1 month                                                                                         328,728            263,817
    2 to 3 months                                                                                          89,252             70,957
    4 to 6 months                                                                                           7,853              7,540
    Over 6 months                                                                                             952              2,294
                                                                                                          426,785            344,608




                                                             Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2026         33
Notes to the Interim Financial Information


15. Share capital
                                                                                                                      30th June      31st December
     US$’000                                                                                                               2026               2025
     Authorised:
       900,000,000 ordinary shares of US$0.10 each                                                                        90,000              90,000
       65,000,000 convertible redeemable preferred shares of US$1 each                                                    65,000              65,000
       50,000,000 redeemable preferred shares of US$1 each                                                                50,000              50,000

                                                                                                                         205,000             205,000

     Issued and fully paid:
        660,373,297 ordinary shares of US$0.10 each                                                                       66,037              66,037


16. Reserves
                                                                       Employee                                    Foreign
                                                                     share-based                      Capital     exchange
                                                             Share compensation     Contributed   redemption    translation    Retained
     US$’000                                              premium        reserve        surplus       reserve       reserve       profit          Total
     At 1st January 2026                                   734,717        10,774         88,547        4,696       (40,372)   12,544,169     13,342,531
     Total comprehensive income for the period                   –             –              –            –         6,484       728,705        735,189
     Transactions with owners
        Transfer to retained profit upon lapse of share
            options                                             –            (69)            –             –             –            69              –
        2025 final dividend                                     –              –             –             –             –      (277,357)      (277,357)

     At 30th June 2026                                     734,717        10,705         88,547        4,696       (33,888)   12,995,586     13,800,363

     At 1st January 2025                                   734,717        10,774         88,547         4,696      (39,257)   12,380,036     13,179,513
     Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the period            –             –              –             –       (4,048)      954,028        949,980
     Transaction with owners
        2024 final dividend                                     –             –              –             –             –      (871,693)      (871,693)

     At 30th June 2025                                     734,717        10,774         88,547         4,696      (43,305)   12,462,371     13,257,800


17. Lease liabilities
                                                                                                                      30th June      31st December
     US$’000                                                                                                               2026               2025
     Non-current                                                                                                         706,348             711,064
     Current                                                                                                             565,772             568,384

                                                                                                                      1,272,120             1,279,448




34          Orient Overseas (International) Limited         Interim Report 2026
                                                                              Notes to the Interim Financial Information


18. Provision

   The Group entered into the Terminal Service Agreement (“TSA”) in October 2019 to which the Group committed to place, or
   procure the placement of an annual minimum number of vessel lifts in Long Beach Container Terminal (“LBCT”) for 20 years.
   Failure to meet the committed volume for each contract year would require certain level of deficiency payment as stipulated in the
   TSA.

   As at 30th June 2026, the Group reassessed the expected number of vessel lifts in LBCT for each of the remaining contract years
   with reference to future prospects of the market and its expected load factor. The current economic environment, tariff policies
   and other targeted policies in the USA are still highly uncertain, together with the exceptionally intense market competition are
   expected to have some negative impact on the demand/import of the USA in the near future. As at 30th June 2026, with these
   uncertainties over such a long-term contract period, management reassessed that the projected vessel lifts in LBCT would result
   in a shortfall on minimum volume commitment over the remaining contract period. The Group estimated an onerous contract
   provision of US$876.7 million as at 30th June 2026 (31st December 2025: US$876.7 million).


19. Creditors and accruals
                                                                                                                        30th June       31st December
       US$’000                                                                                                               2026                2025
       Trade payables
         Third parties                                                                                                    238,636                178,994
         Joint ventures                                                                                                       226                  1,697
         Fellow subsidiaries                                                                                               42,849                 23,873
         Related companies                                                                                                 27,547                 27,548

                                                                                                                          309,258                232,112
       Other creditors                                                                                                    202,108                182,150
       Accrued expenses*                                                                                                1,340,497              1,333,915
       Contract liabilities                                                                                                21,003                 19,649
       Amounts due to related parties
         Joint ventures                                                                                                      3,167                 3,461
         Fellow subsidiaries                                                                                                 9,967                 6,510
         Related companies                                                                                                     285                24,267

                                                                                                                        1,886,285              1,802,064

   *      Accrued expenses mainly represent accrual for operating costs for container transport and logistics operation and accrued discretionary bonuses.


   The ageing analysis of the Group’s trade payables, prepared in accordance with the dates of invoices, is as follows:


                                                                                                                        30th June       31st December
       US$’000                                                                                                               2026                2025
       Below 1 month                                                                                                      234,808                151,100
       2 to 3 months                                                                                                       63,068                 69,097
       4 to 6 months                                                                                                        3,666                  2,354
       Over 6 months                                                                                                        7,716                  9,561

                                                                                                                          309,258                232,112




                                                                        Orient Overseas (International) Limited        Interim Report 2026               35
Notes to the Interim Financial Information


20. Commitments
     (a) Capital commitments – Property, plant and equipment

                                                                                                      30th June     31st December
         US$’000                                                                                           2026              2025
         Contracted but not provided for
          Vessels under construction                                                                  5,434,860          3,830,655
          Others                                                                                         12,188             25,203

                                                                                                      5,447,048          3,855,858


     (b) Lease commitments
        The non-cancellable lease commitments include leases of low-value assets, short-term leases with a term of twelve months or
        less and long-term leases with a term of over twelve months not yet commenced at 30th June 2026.

        The future aggregate minimum lease payments under non-cancellable short-term leases or low-value leases are payable in
        the following years:


                                                                                 Vessels and          Land and
         US$’000                                                                 equipment            buildings               Total
         At 30th June 2026
           Less than 1 year                                                          192,056              1,227            193,283
           Between 1 and 2 years                                                      65,635                  –             65,635
           Between 2 and 5 years                                                      75,265                  –             75,265
           Over 5 years                                                                1,203                  –              1,203

                                                                                     334,159              1,227            335,386

         At 31st December 2025
           Less than 1 year                                                          234,683                980            235,663
           Between 1 and 2 years                                                      71,795                  –             71,795
           Between 2 and 5 years                                                      79,470                  –             79,470
           Over 5 years                                                                  722                  –                722

                                                                                     386,670                980            387,650

        On 22nd October 2024, the Group as lessee entered into the charterparties for the chartering of a total of six vessels for a
        term of 15 years commencing from the dates of delivery of the respective vessels, which are expected to be between the
        second half of 2026 and the first quarter of 2028. As at 30th June 2026, the aggregate minimum lease payments payable by
        the Group for all vessels under the charterparties are US$1,632.9 million (31st December 2025: US$1,582.3 million).

        On 19th September 2025, the Group as lessee entered into another charterparties for the chartering of a total of five vessels
        for a term of 7.5 years commencing from the dates of delivery of the respective vessels, which are expected to be between the
        fourth quarter of 2027 and the third quarter of 2028. As at 30th June 2026, the aggregate minimum lease payments payable
        by the Group for all vessels under the charterparties are US$441.7 million (31st December 2025: US$428.0 million).




36        Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2026
                                                                    Notes to the Interim Financial Information


21. Significant related party transactions
    The Company is controlled by COSCO SHIPPING, the ultimate parent company of the Group and a state-owned enterprise
    established in the PRC.

    COSCO SHIPPING itself is controlled by the PRC government, which also owns a significant portion of the productive assets
    in the PRC. Government-related entities and their subsidiaries directly or indirectly controlled, jointly controlled or significantly
    influenced by the PRC government are defined as related parties of the Group. On that basis, related parties include COSCO
    SHIPPING and its subsidiaries (other than the Group) (collectively referred to as “COSCO SHIPPING Group”) and related
    entities of COSCO SHIPPING (including joint ventures and associated companies), other government-related entities and
    their subsidiaries, entities in which the Company is able to exercise joint control or significant influence, and key management
    personnel of the Company and COSCO SHIPPING as well as their close family members. The Group’s transactions with other
    government-related entities and their subsidiaries include but are not limited to rendering or receiving of services, purchases or
    sales of assets and receiving of bank deposit services. The detailed disclosures in relation to these transactions and outstanding
    balances are exempted. The Directors believe that the information of related party transactions has been adequately disclosed in
    the interim financial information.

    In addition to the related party information and transactions disclosed elsewhere in the interim financial information, the
    following is a summary of significant related party transactions conducted in the ordinary course of business between the Group
    and its related parties during the period.


    (a) Transactions with COSCO SHIPPING Group and related entities of COSCO SHIPPING
        (including joint ventures and associated companies)


          US$’000                                                                                              2026               2025
          Income
            Container transport income (note ii)                                                            152,540             77,519
            Freight forwarding income                                                                         9,213             12,525
            Service income
              Vessels                                                                                       105,761             93,262
              Containers                                                                                     24,544             18,305
            Information technology service income                                                            25,454             20,591
            Interest income                                                                                   1,077              1,144

          Expenses
            Cargo transportation costs                                                                       76,743             73,534
            Freight forwarding expenses                                                                      21,517             17,057
            Terminal charges (note iii)                                                                     255,910            215,227
            Expenses relating to short-term leases and leases with low-value assets
              Vessels                                                                                       141,525             98,711
              Containers                                                                                     42,508             37,350
              Land and buildings                                                                                691                775
            Slot hire expenses                                                                               23,005             20,746
            Purchase of bunker (note iv)                                                                    124,144            105,489
            Crew expenses                                                                                     2,000              1,565
            Service fee                                                                                         150                150

          Others
           Purchase of containers                                                                           147,225            202,354
           Instalments of vessels under construction (note v)                                               168,613            890,425




                                                               Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2026          37
Notes to the Interim Financial Information


21. Significant related party transactions (Continued)
     (b) Transactions with joint ventures of the Group

               US$’000                                                                                                         2026                  2025
               Income
                 Container transport income                                                                                       88                    80

               Expenses
                 Cargo transportation costs                                                                                    9,614                 8,912


     (c) Transactions with other related parties

               US$’000                                                                                                         2026                  2025
               Income
                 Container transport income                                                                                      525                   110
                 Freight forwarding income                                                                                        87                   553

               Expenses
                 Cargo transportation costs                                                                                   8,546                 6,840
                 Freight forwarding expenses                                                                                    327                   453
                 Terminal charges                                                                                            99,377                86,289


     (d) Transactions with state-owned banks
              As at 30th June 2026, approximately 40% (31st December 2025: 50%) of the Group’s bank balances are with state-owned
              banks.

     Notes:

     (i)      These transactions were conducted either (i) based on terms as governed by the master agreements and subsisting agreements entered into between
              the Group and COSCO SHIPPING Group or (ii) based on terms as set out in the underlying agreements, statutory rates or market prices or actual
              costs incurred, or as mutually agreed between the Group and the parties in concern.

     (ii)     Container transport income of US$31.9 million (2025: US$28.0 million) were transacted with the associated companies and joint ventures of
              COSCO SHIPPING during the six months ended 30th June 2026.

     (iii) Terminal charges of US$190.0 million (2025: US$150.0 million) were transacted with the associated companies and joint ventures of COSCO
           SHIPPING during the six months ended 30th June 2026.

     (iv)     Bunker of US$86.5 million (2025: US$93.2 million) was purchased from a joint venture of COSCO SHIPPING during the six months ended 30th
              June 2026.

     (v)      The Group entered into shipbuilding contracts for fourteen vessels with a subsidiary and a joint venture of COSCO SHIPPING respectively for an
              aggregate consideration of US$3,080.0 million during the six months ended 30th June 2025. The remaining capital commitment is disclosed in note
              20(a).




38             Orient Overseas (International) Limited       Interim Report 2026
