(Incorporated in Bermuda with members’ limited liability)
                  Stock code: 0316.HK



ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Corporate Profile
About Orient Overseas (International) Limited
Orient Overseas (International) Limited (“OOIL”) is listed on the
Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong and, together
with its subsidiaries, is principally engaged in the provision of
container transport and logistics services, with over 430 offices in
more than 90 countries/regions.

Orient Overseas Container Line and OOCL are trade names
for transportation provided separately by Orient Overseas
Container Line Limited (“OOCLL”) and OOCL (Europe) Limited
respectively and both are wholly-owned subsidiaries of OOIL.
OOCL is one of the world’s largest integrated international
transportation and logistics companies and is an industry
leader in the use of information technology, digitalisation and
e-commerce to manage the entire cargo transport process.
OOCL’s modern fleet includes some of the youngest, largest, most
fuel-efficient, and most environmentally friendly vessels in the
world, carrying cargo on hundreds of trade routes, providing a
vital link to world trade.
      Contents
  1   Contents
  2   Financial Highlights
  3   Significant Events – 2025
  8   Chairman’s Statement
 12   Operations Review
 15   Major Customers and Suppliers
 20   Corporate Responsibility
 28   Financial Review
 42   Board of Directors
 49   Senior Management
 51   Shareholder Section
      51 Financial Calendar
      52 Shareholder Information
 54   Corporate Governance Report
 88   Report of the Directors
101   Index – Financial Information
102   Independent Auditor’s Report
108   Consolidated Financial Statements
      108 Consolidated Profit and Loss Account
      109 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
      110 Consolidated Balance Sheet
      112 Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
      113 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
      114 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      174 Principal Subsidiaries, Associated Companies and
           Joint Ventures
187   Other Information
      187 Fleet and Container Information
      191 10-Year Financial Summary
      192 Corporate Information
Financial Highlights


                                                                                                                                         Increase/
    US$M                                                                                    2025                       2024           (decrease) %
    Consolidated Profit and Loss
    Revenue                                                                               9,722                     10,702                       (9%)
    Operating profit                                                                      1,535                      2,625                      (42%)
    Finance costs                                                                           (18)                       (21)                     (11%)
    Profit before taxation                                                                1,530                      2,614                      (41%)
    Profit for the year                                                                   1,515                      2,579                      (41%)
    Consolidated Balance Sheet
    Cash and bank balances                                                                6,243                      7,903                      (21%)
    Property, plant and equipment                                                         8,501                      6,711                       27%
    Right-of-use assets                                                                   1,553                      1,733                      (10%)
    Total assets                                                                         17,669                     17,768                       (1%)
    Lease liabilities                                                                     1,279                      1,373                       (7%)
    Total liabilities                                                                     4,256                      4,519                       (6%)
    Total equity                                                                         13,413                     13,249                        1%
    Consolidated Net Cash Flow
    Net cash from operating activities                                                    1,991                       3,212                     (38%)
    Net cash (used in)/from investing activities                                         (2,536)                      2,512                     N/M
    Net cash used in financing activities                                                (2,004)                     (1,196)                     68%
    Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                                 (2,549)                      4,527                     N/M
    Key Ratios
    Earnings before interest and tax margin                                              15.9%                       24.6%                       (9%)
    Debt to equity                                                                         0.10                        0.10                       0%
    Net cash to equity#                                                                    0.37                        0.49                     (12%)
    Return on average ordinary shareholders’ equity                                      11.4%                       21.1%                      (10%)
    Earnings per ordinary share (US dollar)                                                2.29                        3.90                     (41%)
    Net asset value attributable to equity holders
      of the Company per ordinary share (US dollar)                                       20.30                       20.06                      1%

#
       Net cash represents cash and bank balances deducted by total debt.



         US$M                                                               US$
         12,000                                                       60%    25                                                           100%


         10,000                                                       50%
                                                                             20                                                           80%

          8,000                                                       40%
                                                                             15                                                           60%

          6,000                                                       30%

                                                                             10                                                           40%
          4,000                                                       20%


                                                                              5                                                           20%
          2,000                                                       10%


             0                                                        0%      0                                                           0%
                      2021      2022     2023     2024    2025                       2021      2022      2023      2024      2025
                   Profit for the year (L.H.S.)                                   Net asset value attributable to equity holders of the
                   Earnings before interest and tax margin (R.H.S.)               Company per ordinary share (L.H.S.)
                                                                                  Return on average ordinary shareholders' equity
                                                                                  (R.H.S.)




       Orient Overseas (International) Limited
2      Annual Report 2025
                                                            Significant Events - 2025


JANUARY 1        2   3


                                                             On 11th January, OOCL celebrated the naming of its
                                                             third brand new 16,828 TEU container vessel “OOCL
                                                             Sunflower ” at Dalian COSCO KHI Ship Engineering Co.,
                                                             Ltd. (DACKS) shipyard. This series of latest eco-friendly
                                                             vessels incorporates cutting-edge technology that
                                                             delivers exceptional intelligence, superior environmental
                                                             performance, and outstanding operational efficiency.




                                                             1




On 12th January, OOCLL and its OCEAN Alliance partners
announced the Day 9 products with port rotation refinements and
new services, aiming to provide world-class shipping solutions to
customers.



                                                                    2



                                 OOCL launched the brand-new OOCL Mobile App. This app was completely
                                 overhauled with innovative features that empower customers to manage their
                                 shipments seamlessly, anytime, anywhere, in a secure way, with just a few taps on their
                                 devices.


                             3



IQAX’s electronic bill of lading (eBL) solution received approval from the International Group of P&I Clubs (IG P&I
Clubs) for IQAX eBL interoperable addendum (version dated 6th December 2024). This official approval extends
IQAX eBL’s capabilities to include eBL transactions between IQAX eBL and other approved eBL solution providers,
marking a crucial step toward achieving seamless digital trade documentation across platforms.




FEBRUARY 4

                         OOCL Logistics achieved a significant milestone by successfully executing its first
                         cross-border international sea-rail intermodal project to Central Asia. This logistics
                         solution involved transporting mechanical equipment from Laem Chabang, Thailand,
                         to Shymkent, Kazakhstan, demonstrating our commitment to providing comprehensive
                         logistics solutions.
                         4

IQAX has been named one of the “10 Best Admired Companies to Watch in 2025” by BizTech Outlook for
its cutting-edge intelligent and digital transformation solutions, particularly its IQAX eBL solution, which
revolutionises electronic bill of lading processes, enhancing efficiency and sustainability in global trade.



                                                                                 Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025      3
Significant Events - 2025




       MARCH 5

       On 10th March, IQAX announced a partnership with WiseTech Global to integrate electronic bill of lading (eBL)
       processes within CargoWise. Freight forwarders and logistics companies using the CargoWise logistics operating
       system can now tap directly into IQAX’s eBL solution.

       On 13th March, OOIL announced a profit attributable to equity holders of US$2,577 million for 2024.




                                                           On 14th March, OOCL received the accolade of being named
                                                           one of the “ Top 10 Shipping Lines” for 2024 in the Flagship Elite
                                                           Award organised by Manila International Container Terminal
                                                           (MICT).



                                                       5

       Smart Combo was launched on FreightSmart on 24th March. This strategic product features curated bundled deals
       that combine core shipping solutions with additional services, empowering customers with greater flexibility, cost
       savings, and convenience.


       APRIL 6



       IQAX successfully obtained the TradeReady Verification to Model Law on Electronic
       Transferable Records (MLETR) from the International Chamber of Commerce’s
       Digital Standards Initiative (ICC DSI) and Digital Governance Council (DGC).



                                                                                             6




       MAY 7

                                                                       On 7t h May, O O CL, in col l ab orat ion w it h
                                                                       Chimbusco Pan Nation Petro-Chemical Co., Ltd.
                                                                       (CPN), completed Hong Kong’s first B30 marine
                                                                       biofuel bunkering operation, supplying ISCC-EU
                                                                       Certified B30 marine biofuel to a containership
                                                                       operated by OOCL. The B30 blend, comprising
                                                                       30% biodiesel, further reduced carbon emissions
                                                                       compared to B24 biofuel, advancing sustainable
                                                                       maritime operations.




                                                                       7




    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
4   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                     Significant Events - 2025




JUNE 8

FreightSmart launched several automated recommendation features driven by artificial intelligence (AI) to enhance
customer experience. One of the features is “Recommended for You”, which leverages AI-driven recommendation
engine to analyse customer data and market dynamics to suggest products most suitable for the customer.

Global Shipping Business Network (GSBN) announced that IQAX has become the first eBL solution worldwide to
successfully go live with the latest Digital Container Shipping Association (DCSA) electronic Bill of Lading (eBL) API
schema version 3.0.



OOCL was honoured with the “2025 Recognized Ocean Carrier Award” at the
Agriculture Transportation Coalition (AgTC) Annual Meeting held from 16th to
19th June, in Tacoma, Washington. OOCL was also recognised as one of the four top
carriers voted by members of the coalition. These prestigious recognitions celebrate
OOCL’s unwavering commitment to providing reliable, efficient, and sustainable ocean
transport solutions tailored for the agricultural community.


                                                                                      8




JULY 9

OOCL has been named to CDP’s “Supplier Engagement Assessment (SEA)” A-List for the 2024 disclosure cycle. This
marks the first time OOCL has been honoured with this prestigious global ESG recognition, highlighting the Group’s
outstanding performance in sustainable supply chain management.

                                                             On 11th July, OOCL and Chimbusco Pan Nation (CPN)
                                                             achieved a groundbreaking milestone in sustainable
                                                             marine fuel supply with successful delivery of B30-
                                                             Marine Gasoil (B30-MGO) in Hong Kong. This marks
                                                             the first-ever delivery of this fuel blend, which consists
                                                             of 30% biodiesel and 70% Marine Gasoil (MGO), to
                                                             OOCL in the region, contributing to reduced carbon
                                                             emissions and enhanced sustainability.




                                                            9



AUGUST 10 11

On 8th August, the naming ceremony for OOCL’s seventh 16,828 TEU container vessel, the “OOCL Lilac ”, took place
at the Dalian COSCO KHI Ship Engineering Co., Ltd. (DACKS) shipyard, marking another milestone in the Group’s
fleet expansion and commitment to sustainable shipping.

On 11th August, OOCL launched a new service Trans-Pacific Latin Pacific 8 (TLP8), in our Asia–Latin America
network to strengthen the comprehensive port coverage in both regions. In addition to OOCL’s existing loops
TLP1/2/5/6, the new service will offer direct connections between China and Mexico, with a competitive transit time
of 16 and 20 days from Qingdao to Ensenada and Manzanillo respectively.




                                                                               Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025       5
Significant Events - 2025




                                                                               On 15th August, OOCL marked another
                                                                               milestone in its fleet growth with the
                                                                               n a m i n g o f t h e “ O O C L K ap o k ” , t h e
                                                                               company ’s eighth 16,828 TEU container
                                                                               vessel. The ceremony was held at the
                                                                               Nantong COSCO KHI Ship Engineering
                                                                               C o., Ltd. (NACKS) shipyard, fur ther
                                                                               strengthening OOCL’s capacity to meet the
                                                                               demand of global trade.

                                                                               On 21st August, OOIL announced its
                                                                               interim results with a profit attributable to
                                                                               equity holders of US$954 million for the six-
       10
                                                                               month period ended 30th June 2025.

       OOCLL received the following three awards at the “2025
       Joint Luncheon cum Award Presentation Ceremony” jointly
       organised by the Hong Kong Marine Department and the
       Hong Kong Shipowners Association (HKSOA) on 29th
       August:

       •    “ Hong Kong Sh ippi ng R e g ist r y ( H K SR ) 35t h
            Anniversary Longstanding Partnership Award”

       •    “Award for outstanding performance in Port State
            Control (PSC) for the year of 2024”

       •    “Award for Company Recruiting the Most Hong Kong                                                                  11
            Sea-going Cadets in 2024”



       SEPTEMBER 12



                                                        OOCLL was named the “Best Green Shipping Line” at the “2025
                                                        Asian Freight, Logistics and Supply Chain (AFLAS) Awards” held
                                                        on 3rd September in Hong Kong. This is the third time OOCLL
                                                        received this award, demonstrating the market recognition
                                                        of OOCLL’s efforts and resolute commitment to achieving
                                                        environmental excellence and sustainability.


                                                       12


       On 25th September, IQAX One won the “DT Award (Global Digital Trade Expo Award)”. The selection criteria of
       the DT Award cover dimensions such as innovation frontiers, market prospects, trade situations, social impacts, and
       digital and intelligent carbon reduction.

       IQAX was recognised in the “2026 FreightTech Top 100” by FreightWaves. The FreightTech 100 list honours the most
       innovative and disruptive companies in the freight, logistics, and supply chain industry. This recognition serves as
       further proof of the profound impact of IQAX’s mission–transforming global trade by solving high-value challenges
       with trade intelligence.




    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
6   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                Significant Events - 2025




OCTOBER 13

IQAX entered a strategic partnership with
CargoNPay, a premier logistics technology
platform based in China. This collaboration
integrates IQAX One intelligent trade
ecosystem and its blockchain-based
electronic Bill of Lading (eBL) solution
with CargoNPay ’s AI-powered document
processing system, creating a seamless, secure
end-to-end solution for freight forwarders
across China.



                                             13




NOVEMBER 14




                               On 17th November, OOCLL received the “Hong Kong Sustainability Award” in the
                               large organisation category at the Hong Kong Management Association (HKMA) 65th
                               Anniversary Dinner cum 2025 Sustainability Award Presentation Ceremony.




                                14




DECEMBER 15




On 3rd December, IQAX was honoured with the “ Technology Innovation
Award” at the 2025 Boao CEO Forum, a key event within the Boao Forum for
Entrepreneurs. This award recognises IQAX’s team and partners for jointly
developing and deploying the IQAX One Trade Intelligence Solution Suite.




                                                                                 15




                                                                           Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                             Annual Report 2025      7
Chairman’s Statement




        In 2025, the global economy moved
        unpredictably amid shifting and uncertain
        policy environments.




    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
8   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                 Chairman’s Statement




Over the past year, tariff policies and trade disputes placed     Therefore, the Board of Directors proposes to pay a 2025 final
a strain on the container shipping market, with unusually         dividend of US$0.42 per ordinary share (2024: final dividend of
frequent and significant swings in both liftings and freight      US$1.32).
rates. As a result, supply chain management faced severe
challenges, and subjected shipping companies to a true test       In 2025, the global economy moved unpredictably amid
of resilience. Despite these conditions, Orient Overseas          shifting and uncertain policy environments. Tariff measures
(International) Limited ( “OOIL” ) and its subsidiaries (the      and trade tensions continued to weigh heavily on the container
“Group”) still achieved outstanding results.                      shipping industry, most notably on the Trans-Pacific trade,
                                                                  driving sharp fluctuations in both cargo volumes and freight
The Group achieved a profit attributable to shareholders in       rates. At the same time, policy adjustments and front-loading
2025 of US$1,513 million (2024: US$2,577 million), a Group        disrupted the usual post Lunar New Year seasonal patterns.
EBITDA of US$2,543 million (2024: US$3,536 million) and           Heightened expectations of strong profit margins intensified
an EBITDA margin of 26.2% (2024: 33.0%). The earnings per         competition on certain routes, amplifying market volatility
ordinary share for 2025 were US$2.29, compared to US$3.90 in      and creating significant operational challenges for carriers,
2024.                                                             shippers, and freight forwarders. Entering November, tariffs
                                                                  and port charges imposed under the USTR 301 investigation
On behalf of the Board of Directors and the management            were suspended. Although uncertainty persisted over whether
of OOIL, I would like to extend my deepest appreciation           tariffs would be reinstated, the one-year suspension offered
to all our shareholders, customers, and partners for their        temporary relief to market sentiment. As the traditional
unwavering support. I would also like to express my heartfelt     year-end peak season approached, the container shipping
gratitude to our dedicated sea and shore based colleagues,        market began to recover gradually.
whose professionalism and steadfast commitment in the face of
challenges have been truly exemplary.                             Although global economic growth slowed in 2025, several
                                                                  emerging markets, such as Africa, South Asia, and Southeast
Thanks to everyone’s collective efforts, our cargo volume         Asia, continued to show strong growth momentum. This may
continued to grow steadily in 2025, reaching a new record high    have been driven by shifts in trade patterns that boosted local
of 7.87 million TEU, while our financial performance remained     trade, or by domestic economic expansion stimulating local
consistently robust. This strong set of results has further       demand. It is also possible that spillover effects from other
strengthened our financial position, giving us the ability to     markets simply require more time to materialise. Regardless
withstand risks and laying a solid foundation for steady growth   of the reason, we have seen carriers seize this opportunity
and better returns to our shareholders.                           to accelerate the deployment and adjustment of their service
                                                                  networks.




                                                                                       Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025      9
Chairman’s Statement



As we entered 2026, some carriers have at one point routed         We are accelerating our vertical expansion of the supply chain
certain services or vessels through the Red Sea, and new vessel    by offering customised solutions such as international order
deliveries continue to increase. Concerns over excess capacity     processing, cargo management, warehousing, and distribution
have resurfaced, yet the charter market remains exceptionally      services. These efforts enable us to build an end-to-end
tight with vessels in extremely short supply, and changes in       intelligent and digitalised supply chain that delivers high-value
the Middle East situation have added further uncertainty to        services for our customers, further fulfilling our Customer
future market developments. Effective capacity management          Focus commitment.
therefore remains a central focus for the industry. Meanwhile,
geopolitical developments are occurring with increasing            Our cooperation with COSCO SHIPPING Lines continues
frequency, and where any single event may take effect              to deepen. In recent years, the synergy of the dual-brand
instantly and create far-reaching ripple impacts, it has become    strategy has enabled OOCL to make significant progress in cost
increasingly difficult to forecast market trends with precision.   optimisation and risk diversification, laying a solid foundation
The only prudent course is to stay focused on our own              for the Group’s stable operations. These synergies will continue
fundamentals, act with caution, adapt to evolving conditions,      to play their role in the new year.
and respond proactively.
                                                                   Digitalisation has become integral to our services and
In 2025, we took delivery of nine brand-new 16,828 TEU             operations, serving as a powerful tool to strengthen cost
container vessels, completing the full delivery of the entire      control, enhance management efficiency and user experience,
16,828 TEU series, all of which have now entered service.          and maintain our competitiveness. Through our collaboration
This has not only strengthened our capabilities on the             with GSBN, we are also working with other stakeholders to
Trans-Pacific trade, but the additional capacity also indirectly   advance the development of a fully digitalised supply chain and
enabled the resumption of the LL3 service on the Asia-Europe       foster a smart and healthy global trade ecosystem.
trade, which had previously been suspended due to capacity
shortages, further meeting our customers’ expectations for         Those who follow the OOIL Sustainability Report may
consistent, high-quality service. In 2026, more new vessels        note that 2026 marks the 15th year since the report’s first
will join our fleet, including the long-awaited 24,000 TEU         publication. Over the years, the Group has demonstrated its
class methanol dual fuel container vessels and 13,580 TEU          commitment to green and low-carbon development through
class conventional fuel vessels chartered from subsidiaries        comprehensive data, detailed case studies, and numerous
of Seaspan Corporation. The addition of these vessels will         sustainability awards. We are encouraged by the recognition
support the continued expansion and upgrading of our fleet,        our efforts have received and will continue to remain steadfast
enabling us to build a more efficient, environmentally friendly,   on this path. In 2025, OOCL successfully completed bunkering
intelligent, and wider-coverage service network for our            of B30 marine gas oil (B30-MGO) and B30 biofuel in Hong
customers. Moreover, the delivery of the dual fuel vessels marks   Kong, and in 2026 we will welcome the arrival of dual fuel
an important milestone in OOCL’s decarbonisation journey.          container vessels. These milestones serve as tangible evidence
                                                                   of the Group’s progress in sustainability and mark important
In a rapidly changing market environment, we remain                steps in our decarbonisation journey.
firmly committed to implementing proactive, flexible,
and forward-looking management strategies to address
uncertainties. While strengthening our East-West service
networks, we are also adapting to shifts in global trade
patterns, seizing new growth opportunities, accelerating
investment in emerging markets, and striving to achieve a
more balanced global presence to mitigate risks arising from
individual regional markets.




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
10   Annual Report 2025
                                                                              Chairman’s Statement



Looking ahead, the International Monetary Fund forecasts
global economic growth will remain unchanged at 3.3%
in 2026 compared to 2025, and reach 3.2% in 2027. Under
this slower-growth outlook, structural overcapacity and
the resumption of Red Sea transits are expected to exert
considerable pressure on freight rates. Regional economic
imbalances, fluctuations in tariff policies, and ongoing
geopolitical tensions will continue to disrupt supply chain
stability and reshape global trade patterns. Meanwhile, the
postponement of the IMO’s net-zero framework vote and the
expansion of the EU Emissions Trading System, requiring
shipping companies to report 100% of their emissions from
1st January 2026, may increase operation complexity and costs
of shipping companies. All these factors will bring immediate
as well as broad and long-term implications to the container
shipping sector.


OOCL will continue working closely with COSCO SHIPPING
Lines to maintain our top echelon’s position in the industry.
Leveraging the advantages of the dual-brand strategy, we will
continue optimising cost control; uphold our customer focus
philosophy; proactively explore markets; further enhance
service network flexibility, service reliability, and operational
stability; strengthen resilience against risks; and work together
with all stakeholders to build a high-quality, end-to-end green
supply chain network.




Wan Min
Chairman

Hong Kong, China, 12th March 2026




                                                                    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                      Annual Report 2025      11
Operations Review




            Meanwhile, emerging markets in Latin America,
            Africa, and Intra-Asia presented areas of promising
            potential allowing us to better diversify our business
            while maintaining our presence in the traditional
            East-West trades.




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
12   Annual Report 2025
                                    Operations Review



CONTAINER TRANSPORT
Benefitting from gradual deployment of newly delivered
vessels, our capacity was replenished in a timely manner,
substantially strengthening our competitiveness. As a result,
liftings in 2025 increased by approximately 4% compared with
2024. However, the adverse impact of tariff volatility, coupled
with market concerns over excess capacity, led to significant
fluctuations in freight rates throughout the year. Average
freight rates remained below 2024 levels, resulting in a decline
of around 14% in liner revenue per TEU and an overall liner
revenue decrease of approximately 11%.

The year 2025 proved to be turbulent and challenging. In the
early months leading up to the Lunar New Year, freight rates
rose and peaked in line with typical seasonal patterns and then
entering the traditional slack season. The sudden extreme tariff
measures in April resulted in market turmoil, predominately
affecting the Trans-Pacific trade and a lot of volatility in terms
of liftings and freight rates of individual services, subsequently
causing a ripple effect that gradually impacted other trades
as well. With the tariffs temporarily rescinded in May, freight
rates immediately rebounded and peaked in June. Freight
rates then softened as customers grew cautious amid the rapid
influx of capacity and ongoing policy uncertainties. Rates
eventually strengthened again toward the end of the year as
the market entered the peak season ahead of the next Chinese
New Year. Throughout 2025, rapidly shifting tariff policies,
multiple rounds of trade negotiations, and geopolitical tensions
fundamentally reshaped global trade dynamics, creating a
difficult operating environment while also opening the door to
new opportunities. As a Hong Kong–based carrier, OOCL had
been under the spotlight and briefly affected by discriminatory
USTR 301 port fees at U.S. ports, though these fees have since
been suspended for one year. Meanwhile, emerging markets
in Latin America, Africa, and Intra-Asia presented areas of
promising potential allowing us to better diversify our business
while maintaining our presence in the traditional East-West
trades.

Our vessels continued to reroute via the Cape of Good Hope
instead of the Suez Canal to safeguard our crew, ships, and
customer cargo. This extended voyage absorbed a certain
amount of capacity, and although the market expressed
concerns about excess capacity, the real increase in available
capacity was more modest. Furthermore, the frequent
redeployment of vessels across different services in response
to shifting trade patterns further constrained effective capacity
growth. To maintain relative stability in the supply chain and
minimise the impact on our customers, capacity management
remained one of our core priorities in 2025.




                      Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                        Annual Report 2025      13
Operations Review




                                                                                    2025 vs 2024 Change
                                                                                                 Liner                         Liner
 OOCL                                                                           TEU           Revenue                   Revenue/TEU
 1Q25 v 1Q24                                                                    9.3%                   16.8%                    6.9%
 2Q25 v 2Q24                                                                    4.4%                   (6.5%)                 (10.4%)
 3Q25 v 3Q24                                                                    0.7%                  (25.9%)                 (26.5%)
 4Q25 v 4Q24                                                                    0.8%                  (17.2%)                 (17.8%)
 Total                                                                          3.7%                  (10.6%)                 (13.7%)


                                                      LIFTINGS (’000 TEU)                   LINER REVENUE (US$ million)
 Trade                                             2025            2024     Variance          2025              2024        Variance
 Trans-Pacific                                    2,112            2,077        1.7%          3,213             3,879         (17.2%)
 Asia/Europe                                      1,420            1,420            -         1,846             2,344         (21.3%)
 Trans-Atlantic                                     550              479       14.9%            708               616          14.9%
 Intra-Asia/Australasia                           3,792            3,619        4.8%          3,010             2,976           1.2%
 Total                                            7,874            7,595        3.7%          8,777             9,815         (10.6%)


Trans-Pacific – In 2025, freight rates fluctuated throughout        this performance were the exceptionally intense market
the year and generally remained below 2024 levels. As a result,     competition and the sharp, frequent changes in tariff measures
these tradelanes recorded a 2% increase in overall liftings, but    throughout the year, which caused significant demand
revenue declined by 17% compared with the previous year.            volatility and negatively affected the overall U.S. container
Specifically, on the headhaul Trans-Pacific routes, revenue         import volume.
to the U.S. West Coast fell by 22% with a 5% decrease in
liftings, while revenue to the East Coast decreased by 17%
despite liftings increasing by 3%. The primary reasons for




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
14   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                       Operations Review



Asia/Europe – The disruptions for the Red Sea area persisted        SHIP OPERATIONS
into the second year, vessels in the Asia–Europe loop continued
to reroute via the Cape of Good Hope, and a temporary new           As at 31st December 2025, the OOCL fleet composition was as
norm has formed. The surge in capacity by the market resulted       follows:
in competitive pressure, which pushed freight rates downward
from the second quarter of the year, and only gradually              Fleet                       No. of Vessels    TEU Capacity
recovered in the fourth quarter. Port congestions due to various
reasons such as shortage of manpower, labour strikes in Europe       Owned/
continue to hinder operational efficiency. On an overall level,        Long Term Lease                      139          1,204,671
liftings for these tradelanes remained largely unchanged             Short Term Lease                        19            210,109
in 2025 compared with 2024. However, both revenue per                Charter Out                            (19)          (266,012)
TEU and total revenue declined by 21%. Specifically, on the          Total                                  139          1,148,768
westbound Asia–North Europe service, liftings increased by
8%, but revenue per TEU dropped by 29%, resulting in a drop         In 2025, the Group took delivery of nine 16,828 TEU new
in revenue by 23%.                                                  buildings which were the second to tenth of the 16,828 TEU
                                                                    series, marking the completion of the new buildings delivery of
Trans-Atlantic – These tradelanes performed relatively well for
                                                                    this series. Among the nine new buildings, five of them were
majority of the year, with strong pre-loading of U.S. inventories
                                                                    delivered from Nantong COSCO KHI Ship Engineering Co.,
for the periods leading up to the introduction and subsequent
                                                                    Ltd. (NACKS), and four of them were delivered from Dalian
pausing of reciprocal tariffs. Competitive pressures and market
volatility resulted in downturn during the last few months          COSCO KHI Ship Engineering Co., Ltd. (DACKS).
of the year. Overall liftings and overall revenue for these
tradelanes improved by 15%, while revenue per TEU remain            During the year, the Group placed orders for fourteen 18,500
roughly unchanged in 2025 when compared to 2024.                    TEU class methanol dual fuel new buildings from Nantong
                                                                    COSCO KHI Ship Engineering Co., Ltd. (NACKS) and Dalian
Intra-Asia/Australasia – Overall liftings increased by 5%,          COSCO KHI Ship Engineering Co., Ltd. (DACKS), of which
despite a 3% decline in revenue per TEU and total revenue rose      five new buildings were from NACKS and nine new buildings
by 1%. Intra-Asia liftings also realised a 5% growth, supported     were from DACKS. The expected delivery of these fourteen
by additional capacity deployed into these tradelanes; however,     new buildings will be between the third quarter of 2028 and the
overall revenue remained broadly stable due to a 4% drop in         third quarter of 2029.
revenue per TEU. In Australia and New Zealand, stronger
trading activity contributed to an approximate 5% increase in       For the order of these fourteen new buildings, it would increase
both liftings and revenue.                                          the fleet capacity and would optimise the fleet structure.
                                                                    In addition to the drive for the economies of scales, it also
                                                                    enhances the Group’s competitiveness in the market. For the
                                                                    vessels to be equipped with the green fuel technologies such
   MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
                                                                    as methanal dual fuel engines, it demonstrates the Group’s
   Approximately 5.7% and 15.3% of the Group’s total                commitment to decarbonisation and sustainable development.
   expenditure on purchases of goods and services for
   the year are attributable to the largest supplier and five       As of the end of 2025, the average age of vessels owned by
   largest suppliers respectively.                                  the Group, or leased to the Group under contracts including
                                                                    a purchase option, which, as at the balance sheet date, is
   Approximately 1.1% and 4.8% of the Group’s total                 considered at least reasonably likely to be exercised is 12.03
   reported revenues for the year are attributable to the           years, and the average vessel size is 11,861 TEU.
   largest customer and five largest customers respectively.

   The Group has entered into slot sharing arrangements
   with other container shipping companies. The receipts
   and payments from slot sharing arrangements have
   not been included in determining the major customers
   and suppliers since it would be misleading to do so
   as the receipts and payments are in respect of sharing
   arrangements for the utilisation of vessel space.

   No director or any of his associates holds any equity
   interest in the suppliers or customers included above.




                                                                                         Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025      15
Operations Review



BUNKER SAVING
In 2025, bunker price volatility eased compared to 2024,
though regulatory changes and rising biofuel demand
introduced new cost pressures. The implementation of FuelEU
Maritime regulation, the Mediterranean Emission Control
Area, and stricter EU emission requirements reshaped market
dynamics, while geopolitical tensions continued to affect global
fuel supply chains.

To mitigate these challenges, we strengthened our bunker
and lubricant saving programmes, focusing on operational
measures such as optimum trim, hull cleaning, and optimal
routing, alongside technical upgrades including high-efficiency
propellers, bulbous bows, and advanced hull coatings. For
vessels with the propellers modification and using high
performance hull paints, a large quantity of bunker saving has
been achieved.

Looking ahead, we are actively exploring alternative fuels
and energy-saving technologies to align with upcoming
International Maritime Organisation (IMO) and EU
requirements, ensuring compliance while maintaining cost
                                                                     ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION
efficiency. At the same time, we are also in the preliminary         In addition to compliance with international and local
discussion with the related company for the investigation in         emission control regulations, the Group also remains very
using digitalisation and Artificial Intelligence (AI) to develop a   supportive of international efforts to measure and control
model to achieve bunker saving.                                      shipboard emissions. All our vessels comply with the IMO
                                                                     2020 regulatory requirement using fuel with maximum 0.50%
Achieving bunker savings requires close coordination and             sulphur content globally and 0.10% in Emission Control
collaboration between onshore and offshore teams, supported          Areas, while actively exploring biofuels and other low-carbon
by continuous monitoring and optimisation. This joint effort         alternatives. Selected vessels are equipped with Exhaust Gas
remains critical to meeting both environmental and economic          Cleaning Systems to reduce SOx emissions.
objectives in 2025 and beyond.
                                                                     Apart from the installation of Ballast Water Treatment Systems
                                                                     (BWTS) to comply with the IMO and United States Coast
                                                                     Guard regulations, the Group has more vessels installed/
                                                                     retrofitted with the Alternative Maritime Power (AMP)
                                                                     systems in 2025 that allows our vessels to use the shore-based
                                                                     power alternatives. Both BWTS and AMP are effective green
                                                                     technologies we use to improve air and water quality in the
                                                                     environment. We employ advanced oil water separators and
                                                                     monitoring systems to ensure that all discharges, including
                                                                     bilge water and sewage, do not exceed regulatory limits. A
                                                                     strict Garbage Management Plan is implemented across all
                                                                     vessels.

                                                                     Aligned with the IMO’s 2050 strategy, we pursue greenhouse
                                                                     gas reduction through regulatory compliance and operational
                                                                     measures. We ensure adherence to the Energy Efficiency
                                                                     Existing Ship Index (EEXI) and actively manage the
                                                                     Carbon Intensity Indicator (CII). We comply with the EU
                                                                     Measurement, Reporting and Verification (MRV) Maritime
                                                                     Regulation and IMO Data C ollection System (D CS)
                                                                     frameworks and meet the requirements of the EU Emissions
                                                                     Trading System (ETS). Continuous technical upgrades, such
                                                                     as propeller improvements and hull optimisations, are carried



     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
16   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                     Operations Review



out. We utilise digital routing, promote slow steaming and Just-   Our commitment to strategic expansion was demonstrated
In-Time arrivals to reduce fuel consumption, and have ordered      through concrete advancements in our global footprint. In
newbuilds capable of using green methanol to support our low-      March 2025, we established a joint-venture container depot in
carbon transition.                                                 Port Klang, Malaysia, enhancing our service capabilities and
                                                                   network resilience in a key ASEAN hub. This was followed
We also adhere to strict biofouling and marine species             in June 2025 by the formal incorporation of our Kazakhstan
protection regulations and proactively engage in environmental     office, a significant step in building our presence in Central
programmes that go beyond compliance, participating in speed       Asia and developing vital trade corridor expertise.
reduction and underwater noise mitigation initiatives in key
ports such as Los Angeles, Long Beach, Vancouver, and San          Operational excellence and digital leadership remained central
Francisco Bay. These efforts help prevent whale collisions with    to our strategy. We continued to advance our digitalisation
ships and protect marine animals whose life activities, such as    agenda, with our International Supply Chain Management
navigation, foraging, and socialising, depend on sound.            Service (ISCMS) platforms evolving to provide deeper
                                                                   predictive analytics and enhanced control. Investments in our
LOGISTICS                                                          Transportation and Warehouse Management Systems (TMS/
In 2025, OOCL Logistics delivered a resilient and strategically    WMS) further increased their flexibility and integration,
purposeful performance, navigating a complex global                supp or ting more s ophisticated, end-to-end logistics
landscape while achieving tangible progress in key growth          management for our customers and strengthening our risk
areas. OOCL Logistics recorded steady growth, underpinned          control framework.
by the enduring strength of our integrated, end-to-end logistics
solutions and our agile response to evolving market dynamics.      Sustainability and responsible business practices were further
                                                                   embedded into our operations. We progressed our eco-
This year was characterised by continued geopolitical              friendly initiatives, supporting our customers’ broader carbon
adjustments and regional trade patterns, which necessitated a      reduction ambitions and enhancing supply chain transparency,
heightened focus on supply chain resilience and diversification.   whilst maintaining our dedication to the communities we
Within this environment, OOCL Logistics successfully               serve. Our strategic expansions and digital investments were
supported our customers’ needs through flexible and robust         fundamentally directed towards upgrading and upsizing our
service offerings. Global demand for sophisticated logistics       end-to-end service capabilities, providing a more robust and
solutions remained firm, driven by the ongoing regionalisation     integrated platform for our customers’ evolving needs.
of supply chains and the critical requirement for visibility and
control.




                                                                                       Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025      17
Operations Review




Strategic collaborations continued to be a cornerstone of our       Continuous enhancements across Digital Supply Chain
growth, exemplified by our joint-venture developments. These        platforms–including Customer Service, Shipping Pricing,
partnerships have been instrumental in extending our service        Product, Allocation Management, and Customer Insights–
range and fortifying our reputation as a trusted, innovative        improved data integration, personalisation, and agility in
partner in global logistics.                                        adapting to market changes. OOCL achieved major progress
                                                                    in AI-driven liner optimisation. The Smart Pricing Assistant
Looking ahead, OOCL Logistics enters 2026 from a position           was expanded to additional trade lanes, ensuring consistent
of strength. The foundations laid this year through targeted        and data-driven pricing across online and offline channels.
geographic expansion, digital platform enhancement, and a           The Yield Optimisation Engine automated slot allocation in
steadfast focus on resilient, sustainable solutions, have poised    key regions and streamlined adjustment workflows, helping
us for continued advancement. We remain confidently focused         teams respond quickly to market fluctuations. New AI tools,
on leveraging our expertise, strategic partnerships, and            including the Market Analytics Intelligence and Trade AI
innovative spirit to deliver exceptional value and service to our   Assistant platforms, further strengthened decision-making
customers in the dynamic global logistics market.                   for Trade and Sales teams. A newly launched Sales Homepage
                                                                    consolidated real-time insights and collaboration in one place,
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY                                              supported by an AI-powered news aggregator to improve
In 2025, OOCL accelerated its digital transformation by             market awareness.
leveraging AI to enhance customer experience and operational
efficiency. Key initiatives included supporting over 2 million      Automation also advanced in booking and documentation
TEU in eCommerce, deploying an AI-powered Intelligent               processes. The Instant Booking Agent was deployed across
Chatbot that managed over 1.5 million customer interactions         Asia and Europe, improving response speed and customer
(up 43%), launching a Control Tower for shipment visibility         satisfaction. A new AI-powered Shipment Instruction
and exception management, automating around 350,000                 recognition engine simplified Bill of Lading workflows for both
Shipping Instructions with SmartDoc, and unveiling a                customers and internal teams.
revamped mobile app allowing customers to manage
shipments, offer AI-enabled document capture, calculate
carbon emissions, and access 24/7 chatbot support, improving
service quality.




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
18   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                     Operations Review



In equipment and vessel operations, AI-driven models             Internally, OOCL deepened workplace and enterprise
optimised build-versus-rent decisions and empty-container        productivity with AI assistants, low-code tools, and expanded
repositioning, reducing cost and improving availability. The     RPA capabilities. Site Reliability Engineering, Infrastructure
RoboAdvisor supported fleet-level planning and optimised fuel    as Code, and Platform Engineering improved IT reliability
consumption while ensuring compliance with IMO CII and           and agility. OOCLL successfully attained ISO/IEC 27001:2022
FuelEU requirements. On the procurement side, the Intelligent    certification, reflecting strengthened information security
Bunker Supply & Ordering Suggestion Engine introduced            governance. The expansion of AIOps enhanced predictive
data-based recommendations to improve cost discipline.           monitoring and root-cause identification, while AI-driven
Enhanced cost-management tools strengthened exception            agents in t he S e c ur ity O p erat ions C enter improve d
detection, recovery workflows, and quotation accuracy. The       threat detection, response speed, and accuracy. Vessel IT
Supplier Invoice Management System expanded to seven             infrastructure upgrades continued, focusing on connectivity,
additional ports and terminals and over 280 suppliers, using     integrated IT/OT architecture, and stronger cybersecurity
AI-based invoice scanning and recognition to streamline          controls.
billing and reconciliation. Development continued on AI-based
estimation and audit mechanisms for container maintenance        IQAX also made significant advances. Its interoperable
and repair, further reducing manual work and cycle time.         Electronic Bill of Lading (eBL) solution received IG P&I
                                                                 Clubs’ approval, enabling integration with other approved eBL
OOCL also expanded major digital trade and blockchain            providers. Partnerships with WiseTech Global and CargoNPay
initiatives. The Cargo Release Blockchain solution extended to   strengthened end-to-end digital documentation coverage.
public ship agents in South China, now covering 57 terminals     IQAX became the first platform to implement the DCSA eBL
and achieving a 33% rise in customer participation. Electronic   API schema v3.0 and processed more than 800,000 eBLs across
Bill of Lading adoption increased significantly, with 21.85%     more than 100 countries. Global recognition included adoption
penetration in the OBL category and strong growth in onboard     by Colombian Customs and the industry’s first interoperable
customers and total eBL volume. A successful interoperability    eBL initiative with GSBN and ICE. IQAX’s shipment tracking
pilot with the ICE platform improved cross-platform              solution was deployed by TCL following a rigorous review,
documentation exchange. Green Certificate and Safety             enabling precise tracking of over 50,000 containers. Its IoT
Transportation Certification processes were further digitised,   platform powered more than 60,000 Smart Dry Containers for
contributing to more than 30 certificates issued and over 500    COSCO SHIPPING Group and 40,000 Smart IoT Reefers for
tons of CO2e reduced under internationally recognised ISO        OOCL. A new IoT-powered Pre-Declaration Check automated
standards.                                                       temperature-based compliance validation for COSCO
                                                                 SHIPPING Group’s cold-treatment imports. This innovation
                                                                 reduces manual processing, strengthens food safety assurance,
                                                                 and lowers logistics costs, positioning COSCO SHIPPING
                                                                 Group as a leader in proactive compliance validation.

                                                                 IQAX earned global recognition for digital transformation,
                                                                 receiving awards such as the “10 Best Admired Companies to
                                                                 Watch in 2025”, “2025 Top 10 Tech Innovations”, the “Global
                                                                 Digital Trade Expo Award”, “FreightTech Top 100”, and the
                                                                 “ Technology Innovation Award” for its pioneering eBL and
                                                                 trade intelligence solutions.

                                                                 PROPERTY
                                                                 Based on an independent valuation as at 31st December 2025,
                                                                 the assessed market value of Wall Street Plaza remained at
                                                                 US$200.0 million. Taking into consideration of US$2.2 million
                                                                 capital expenditures on the building in 2025, the fair value loss
                                                                 for 2025 has come to US$2.2 million.




                                                                                      Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025      19
Corporate Responsibility




                              We encourage sustainable economic development
                              through innovative environmental care measures and
                              believe that by taking a proactive role in caring for the
                              environment, we can help minimise our carbon footprint,
                              improve air quality and make the world a better place to
                              live for ourselves and future generations.




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
20   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                            Corporate Responsibility




The Group prides itself upon being a responsible corporate
citizen and it employs the highest standards of business ethics
in all that it does. Headed by a senior management Steering
Committee and a Global Security, Safety and Environment
Care Officer, the Group embraces the core values of Corporate
Social Responsibility at all levels.

The Group places the utmost importance on environmental
care and community support. The Group continues to address
the long-term threat of climate change. We strive to play our
part in tackling this global problem through engagement with
organisations such as the Business Environment Council,
Clean Cargo and the Maritime Anti-Corruption Network.
Throughout the year, the Group has won awards and accolades       The Group is dedicated to promoting sustainable business
for its environmental performance, and the Group employees        practices in the supply chain. Our Corporate Sustainable
around the world have been actively supporting their local        Procurement Policy has been implemented in every aspect
communities through various environmental initiatives.            of our business and at every stage of the supply chain.
                                                                  For example, under our vendor and supplier selection
                                                                  mechanism, a self-assessment of the potential contractor must
                                                                  be completed to confirm their compliance with our Safety,
                                                                  Security, Environmental and Social Guidelines, where on-
                                                                  site verification of their facilities may be conducted if deemed
                                                                  necessary. Once compliance is confirmed, the Group would
                                                                  review and work with our vendors to ensure compliance levels
                                                                  are maintained.

                                                                  In addition, the OOCL Carbon Calculator is designed to
                                                                  assist OOCL customers measuring CO2 emissions in their
                                                                  supply chains. The online calculator is based on the data
                                                                  entered into the tool and OOCL’s vessel fleet carbon dioxide
                                                                  equivalent (CO2e) emissions data, using Clean Cargo methods.
                                                                  The processes of data collection, research methodology and
                                                                  emission calculation methodology have been verified by
                                                                  LRQA.




                                                                                       Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025      21
Corporate Responsibility



OUR ENVIRONMENTAL INITIATIVES                                        2025 Asian Freight, Logistics and Supply Chain Award –
                                                                     Best Green Shipping Line – OOCLL received the “2025 Asian
The Group recognises that businesses must take responsibility
                                                                     Freight, Logistics and Supply Chain (AFLAS) Awards – Best
for their industry’s effects on the environment. The Group
                                                                     Green Shipping Line” trophy at the ceremony held on 3rd
is dedicated to meeting the needs of the present without
                                                                     September 2025. The Best Green Shipping Line award pays
compromising those of the future. We encourage sustainable
                                                                     tribute to the liner company that outperformed its peers in
economic development through innovative environmental
                                                                     several areas, such as compliance with environmental standards
care measures and believe that by taking a proactive role in
                                                                     and investment in green initiatives. Receiving this award
caring for the environment, we can help minimise our carbon
                                                                     demonstrates market’s recognition of OOCL’s environmental
footprint, improve air quality and make the world a better place
                                                                     initiatives, including bunker saving programmes, artificial
to live for ourselves and future generations.
                                                                     intelligence technology to enhance operational efficiency, and
                                                                     investments in environmentally friendly and dual-fuel vessels.
We actively participate in green programmes and have received
recognition for our achievements and best practices, including:
                                                                     OOCLL Received HKMA Hong Kong Sustainability Award –
                                                                     OOCLL won Distinction Award (Large Organisation Category)
The Safety, Quality and Environmental (SQE) Management
                                                                     of the Hong Kong Sustainability Award 2025 organised by The
System Certificate – OOCLL was the first container shipping
                                                                     Hong Kong Management Association (HKMA). The Hong
line in the world to have achieved the SQE certification
                                                                     Kong Sustainability Award aims to promote the importance
which consolidates the ISM-Code, ISO 9001 and ISO 14001
                                                                     of sustainability and to provide a platform for organisations
requirements.
                                                                     to benchmark best practices of sustainability. By recognising
                                                                     organisations w hich have demonstrated outstanding
Vessel Speed Reduction Programmes – Each year, OOCL has
                                                                     sustainability practices in economic, social and environmental
been fully compliant to reducing vessel speed when entering
                                                                     aspects, while achieving good business and organisational
the Port of Long Beach and Port of Los Angeles harbours, also
                                                                     performance, the award programme also advocates cross-sector
in the San Francisco Bay Area and the Southern California
                                                                     sharing of best practices and inspires organisations to entrench
Regions. Our efforts have effectively contributed to improving
                                                                     sustainability within their operations and culture.
the air quality by reducing emissions such as smog forming
nitrogen oxides NOX, diesel particulate matter and greenhouse
                                                                     Hong Kong Green Organisation Certification (HKGOC) –
gases. Port officials estimate that if all vessels comply with the
                                                                     The HKGOC aims to benchmark the performance of “green”
Programme, the amount of NOX produced by container ships
                                                                     organisations to encourage them to sustain their various
would be reduced by nearly 550 tons a year.
                                                                     environmental best practices. It also presents organisations
                                                                     with the opportunity to demonstrate their commitment
Ballast Water Management Programme – All container ships
                                                                     to improving different aspects of their environmental
discharge ballast water, which can contain organisms that
                                                                     performance. In appreciation of our efforts towards
may be harmful to other environments. We have a policy of
                                                                     environmental protection, OOCLL was given the status of
exchanging ballast water only in the open sea (200 nautical
                                                                     “ Hong Kong Green Organisation” by the Environmental
miles away from the nearest coastline) to achieve zero ballast
                                                                     Campaign Committee (ECC), following our achievement
water exchange when berthed at the port. OOCL’s new
                                                                     of Transport and Logistics – Gold Award in the Hong Kong
buildings are already equipped with an IMO approved Ballast
                                                                     Awards for Environmental Excellence (HKAEE).
Water Treatment System to effectively treat ballast water before
discharging.
                                                                     Stop Shipping Shark, Whale, Dolphin, Their Related
                                                                     Products and Hunting Trophies – OOCL is committed to
                                                                     our policy that bookings for whale, shark, dolphin, and their
                                                                     related products will not be accepted. OOCL has also ceased
                                                                     to ship hunting trophies. These policies show the Group’s
                                                                     commitment in supporting the global effort to curb the trade
                                                                     of at-risk, endangered and protected species.




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
22   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                Corporate Responsibility



Qualship 21 – Offered by the US Coast Guard, the Qualship
21 programme recognises high-quality ships for their excellent
safety and antipollution standards and encourages quality
operations. Most of OOCL’s vessels calling the US have already
been Qualship 21 certified, and some vessels also received the
E-Zero designation on their Qualship 21 certificate which is
an additional programme to recognise those exemplary vessels
that have consistently adhered to environmental compliance.

Environmental Data Verification – OOCL has been taking
a leadership role in building our Environmental, Social and
Governance (ESG) profile to tackle a wider spectrum of
environmental challenges we face across the industry. Verified
by LRQA, OOCL adopted the internationally recognised
and accepted Clean Cargo verification standard to check
for the GHG emissions of OOCL vessels with high accuracy             Hang Seng Corporate Sustainability Index – OOIL has been
and transparency. In addition to our work related to vessel          listed as a constituent stock on the Hang Seng Corporate
emissions, OOCL achieved a limited level of assurance by             Sustainability Index ( “ HSSUS” ) and the Hang Seng ESG
LRQA for the data published in the Sustainability Report             50 Index. The HSSUS consists of the 30 Hong Kong-listed
using the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) principles. Upon         companies which have the best performance in corporate
verification, no material issue regarding stakeholder inclusivity,   sustainability, and is an index listed under the Hang Seng
materiality, responsiveness and reliability was identified in the    Corporate Sustainability Index Series. The Hang Seng ESG
environmental, social responsibility and health & safety data        50 Index includes the top 50 mid- and large-cap Hong Kong-
for the Sustainability Report.                                       listed companies that perform best in ESG. OOIL has also
                                                                     been included in three climate-related Hang Seng Index
FTSE4Good Index Series – OOIL has been included in                   (HSI) indexes: HSI ESG Enhanced Index, HSI ESG Enhanced
the FTSE4Good Index Series. Created by the global index              Select Index and Hang Seng Climate Change 1.5˚C Target
and data provider FTSE Russell, the FTSE4Good Index                  Index. These inclusions recognise the company’s consistent
Series is designed to measure the performance of companies           commitments to enhancing the integration of international
demonstrating strong Environmental, Social and Governance            principles into its corporate operations and business activities.
(ESG) practices. The FTSE4Good indexes are used by a wide
variety of market participants to create and assess responsible      OOCL Completed First B30 Marine Biofuel Bunkering
investment funds and other products. FTSE Russell evaluations        – In May 2025, OOCL carried out Hong Kong’s first B30
are based on performance in areas such as Corporate                  marine biofuel bunkering operation in collaboration with our
Governance, Health & Safety, Anti-Corruption and Climate             partner, supplying ISCC-EU Certified B30 marine biofuel to
Change. Businesses included in the FTSE4Good Index Series            a containership operated by OOCL. This operation advances
meet a variety of environmental, social and governance criteria.     our decarbonisation strategy and underscores our commitment
                                                                     to the adoption of sustainable marine fuels. Authorised by
Dow Jones Best-in-Class Indices – OOIL was selected by               the IMO’s updated regulations, the provided B30 marine
S&P Global to become a constituent of Dow Jones Best-in-             biofuel met stringent sulphur standards and supported global
Class Asia Pacific Index. Dow Jones Best-in-Class Asia Pacific       decarbonisation goals, reinforcing Hong Kong ’s position
Index is designed to measure the performance of Asia-Pacific         as a hub for sustainable bunkering. Later in July 2025, we
sustainability leaders and consists of the top performers in         completed another successful delivery of B30-Marine Gasoil
their regions. As one of the world’s largest integrated container    (B30-MGO) in Hong Kong, which marks the first-ever delivery
transportation and logistics services providers, OOIL has            of this fuel blend to OOCL in the region and reflects growing
consistently taken a leadership role in advancing sustainability,    momentum in the adoption of biofuels within the maritime
through implementing numerous initiatives to address                 sector.
environmental and business challenges.




                                                                                          Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                            Annual Report 2025      23
Corporate Responsibility



OOCL Launched Emission Monitor to Monitor Emission                 Our vessels strictly adhere to the International Maritime
Performance on Vessels and E2E Shipment Operation – To             Organization (IMO) environmental protection standards,
proactively measure the emission performance and achieve a         complying with the latest NOX emission criteria and SOX
sustainable environment, we launched a new emission platform       emission requirements. Our vessels have been installed with
– Emission Monitor. The platform is designed to instantly          environment-friendly NOX-controlled propulsive engines and
consolidate the emission information and closely monitor the       adopted advanced slide fuel injection valves. In addition, our
emission performance of our vessels and end-to-end shipment        new buildings have been installed with Selective Catalytic
operation to ensure compliance with IMO CII (Carbon                Reduction system, which significantly reduces NOX emissions
Intensity Indicator) and progress towards decarbonisation.         by converting the pollutant into harmless nitrogen and water.
To support our customers in measuring the environmental            Alternative Maritime Power (AMP) Systems, also known as
performance of their shipments and achieving their                 “Cold Ironing”, are also equipped, allowing the vessel to use
sustainability goals and decarbonisation targets, the monitor      shore supplied electricity instead of burning fuel when at berth.
has been extended to serve them with visibility on real-time       OOCL is fully compliant to the EU, North America and IMO
calculation of GHG emissions for all confirmed bookings.           mandated requirements of using 0.1% or lower sulphur content
                                                                   fuel in all SOX Emission Control Areas (SECA). We are also
Enhancing Cetacean Habitat and Observation (ECHO)                  compliant to the requirements of using 0.1% sulphur content
Programme – OOCL has been continuously participating in            fuel when our vessels are berthed at designated EU ports. We
the Enhancing Cetacean Habitat and Observation (ECHO)              also ensure that the sulphur content of our fuel is well below
Programme to study how to reduce the cumulative effects            the IMO prescribed standard of 0.5% when our vessels sail
of shipping on at-risk whales throughout the southern coast        in the high seas with the adoption of both cleaner fuel and
of British Columbia in Canada. During the period of this           scrubber technology.
Programme, our vessels voluntarily sailed at slower speeds in
the research region. OOCL’s commitment to slowing down has         Our Offices – Our focus is to create and maintain a “paperless
been instrumental in helping advance collective efforts of Port    office” environment by eliminating the use of faxes and
of Metro Vancouver to reduce underwater noise and support          unnecessary paper documents. As a business which has
healthier habitat for southern resident killer whales and other    traditionally relied on paper documentation with customers,
marine mammals. Our commitment and contribution to this            such as bills of lading and invoices, we have successfully
Programme was an important part of our sustainability work         taken innovative measures to effectively reduce our paper
in addressing the “SDG 14: Life Below Water” component of          consumption.
marine life protection and conservation.
                                                                   We have implemented a “reduce, re-use and recycle” campaign
OOCL Continued to Participate in Protecting Blue Whales            in all our offices around the world, encouraging employees
& Blue Skies Vessel Speed Reduction Programmes – OOCL              to switch off computers after work, powering off copiers and
continued to participate in 2025 Protecting Blue Whales and        lights after use, and to install energy saving office equipment,
Blue Skies – a Vessel Speed Reduction (VSR) programme,             such as energy efficient light bulbs. We also have mandatory
covering the San Francisco Bay and Southern California             training for all staff in safety, security and environmental
regions, which are also areas included in the World Shipping       issues, and organise OOCL Green Week every July in offices
Council Whale Chart. It aims to reduce air pollution, fatal ship   around the world.
strikes on whales, and underwater noise, as well as to improve
air quality and human health outcomes. OOCLL proudly               Our Containers – Today, OOCL only uses CFC-free
achieved the top performance tier – Sapphire level, with more      refrigerants for all our refrigerated (reefer) containers.
than 90% of total distance traveled at 10 knots or less within     OOCL’s newest reefer containers have one of the lowest power
the designated VSR Zones during the evaluation period.             consumption in the industry, and we install ThermoKing
                                                                   “ EcoPower ” gensets for better energy efficiency. All our
Our Vessels – The best way to reduce harmful emissions in the      containers have been applied with waterborne paint and
shipping industry is to reduce the consumption of fuel. For well   introduced the use of eco-friendly bamboo or Oriented Strand
over a decade OOCL implemented a fuel saving programme             Board (OSB) floorboards instead of using traditional hardwood
including weather routing systems, slow steaming (addition of      ones.
extra vessels on service loops and travelling at slower speeds),
minimising ballast water to help achieve a lighter vessel load,    The Group’s sustainability and environmentally conscious best
and achieving better trim of ship draughts by good stowage,        practices often exceed legal requirements and general industry
thereby burning less fuel. By taking these measures, we have       standards in the countries where it operates. As a responsible
reduced our CO2 emissions by over 58% since 2008. In addition      and committed member of the international community, the
to reducing our emissions, we are able to help our customers       Group will continually strive for further improvements in all
achieve a lower carbon footprint in their supply chains.           aspects of its business.




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
24   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                            Corporate Responsibility



SECURITY                                                          OOCLL has been certified as a “Partners in Protection” (PIP)
                                                                  carrier by the Canada Border Services Agency (CBSA) Partners
In a world where global cargo security threats always increase
                                                                  in Protection. It is a voluntary programme established by the
the complexities of the international trade community, OOCL
                                                                  CBSA to enhance border security, combat organised crime
is strongly committed to the security of our operations against
                                                                  and terrorism, detect and prevent contraband smuggling, and
possible compromise and to the maintenance of the highest
                                                                  increase awareness of issues to secure the flow of legitimate
level of compliance in security related areas. From our offices
                                                                  goods and travellers across the US-Canadian border. OOCL
to ports, warehouses, shore facilities and onboard our vessels,
                                                                  applies anti-piracy measures before our vessels transit through
we work with the responsible authorities to ensure that every
                                                                  High Risk Areas (HRA). One of the key measures is to
measure is in place to maintain the highest commercial and
                                                                  maintain a 24-hour, 360-degree anti-piracy visual and radar
operational security standards possible at all times, while all
                                                                  watch and to deploy additional watch-keepers at the bridge and
employees are educated and regularly updated through security
                                                                  on deck while transiting the HRA to watch out for suspected
training.
                                                                  pirate vessels. Physical measures are also utilised onboard,
                                                                  such as barbed wires, spikes, and night vision binoculars. Close
The Group’s Corporate Security Policy and internal guidelines
                                                                  communication is always maintained between ships and our
comply with the US Customs-Trade Partnership Against
                                                                  Fleet Management Department (FMD) office. FMD’s 24-hour
Terrorism (C-TPAT) initiative, EU Authorised Economic
                                                                  emergency hotline is always on standby mode in case of any
Operator (AEO) programme, and we actively work with
                                                                  emergency.
various governments and authorities around the world to
counter any act that would impinge upon maritime or cargo
                                                                  The Cybersecurity Framework implemented in OOCL is
security. Under our policy, we have internal security checks to
                                                                  based on recognised industry standard, National Institute of
all of its holdings and our security profile has been validated
                                                                  Standards and Technology (NIST). The Framework sets forth
by the US Customs and Border Protection agency through
                                                                  the activities, processes and security measures to protect IT
physical checks of the offices and facilities of the Group
                                                                  systems, applications, network infrastructure and safeguards
including terminals, warehouses, depots and vessels.
                                                                  the customers, employees and partners data. To boost our
                                                                  employees’ knowledge and awareness of cyber security, new
The Group meets the International Ship and Port Facility
                                                                  initiatives and programmes have been developed to ensure
Security Code (ISPS Code), which ensures that security threats
                                                                  everyone takes part in protecting our assets and becomes
are detected and assessed while preventive measures are in
                                                                  more resilient against such threats. These include an annual
place on our vessels and at our port facilities. A designated
                                                                  cyber security training and mandatory test for all employees,
officer on each ship and at each port facility reports to the
                                                                  phishing email testing, sophisticated monitoring and protective
Group Security Officer who oversees the security plans, drills
                                                                  systems.
and training. With this in place, all our vessels continue to
have an exemplary record containing zero breaches of security
                                                                  We have also received recognition for our achievements and
and clean detention records. In addition, to provide world-
                                                                  best practices in safety and security, including:
class quality and secure information to customers and partners,
our Global Data Centre has also achieved and maintained ISO
                                                                  OOCLL Once Again Received Outstanding Performance
27001 certification.
                                                                  Award from Hong Kong Marine Department – OOCLL was
                                                                  delighted to receive the Award for Outstanding Performance
                                                                  in Port State Control Inspection for the year of 2024 from the
                                                                  Hong Kong Marine Department. The award recognises Hong
                                                                  Kong flag ships that have performed outstandingly in port
                                                                  state control inspections, paying tribute to shipping and ship
                                                                  management companies for their excellent work in maintaining
                                                                  fleet quality and their contribution in upholding the reputation
                                                                  of the Hong Kong flag.




                                                                                       Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025      25
Corporate Responsibility



OOCLL Received AMVER Certificate for Dedication to                    To recognise our outstanding efforts to help improve
Lifesaving at Sea – OOCLL was awarded with a Certificate              maritime safety in the year, at the HKO annual meeting on
of Merit 2024 from United States Coast Guard (USCG) in                28th November 2025, the HKO presented “Diamond Award”
recognition of outstanding dedication to the Automated                to seven of our vessels, including OOCL Bangkok , OOCL
Mutual-Assistance Vessel Rescue System in support of                  Beijing , OOCL Egypt , OOCL Europe , OOCL Memphis ,
lifesaving on the world’s ocean in the year. AMVER is a global        OOCL Rotterdam and OOCL Utah , “Platinum Award” to
ship reporting system used worldwide by search and rescue             OOCL New Zealand , and “Gold Award” to ten of our vessels,
authorities to arrange for assistance to people in distress at sea.   including OOCL Asia , OOCL California , OOCL Dalian ,
By supporting this voluntary system, OOCL’s vessels contribute        OOCL Germany , OOCL Guangzhou , OOCL Hamburg ,
to the rescue efforts in case of an emergency at sea and practice     OOCL Malaysia , OOCL New York , OOCL Panama and OOCL
cooperation and mutual assistance among seafarers.                    Zeebrugge . In addition, OOCL America and OOCL Kuala
                                                                      Lumpur had been presented the certificate of appreciation
COMMUNITY AND EDUCATION                                               for their assistance in deploying drifting buoys in the South
As a responsible corporate citizen, the Group recognises              China Sea and the Western North Pacific to enhance ocean
that the societies in which its employees live and work               observations for tropical cyclone monitoring.
contribute greatly to the Group’s overall success. Care for
these communities in which it operates is therefore a major           KEY RELATIONSHIPS WITH CUSTOMERS
corporate focus. The Group concentrates its community efforts         AND SUPPLIERS
on charity programmes designed to provide well-rounded                “Customer focus” is one of the core values of the Group. We
youth education, charity relief for the needy, and cultural           believe in long-term, mutually beneficial relationships with
entertainment for the whole community.                                our customers and strive to help create value for our customers
                                                                      through collaboration to enhance customer competitiveness.
OOCL employees across the world are encouraged to give                This is achieved by seeing things from the customer ’s
something back to the communities in which they live through          perspective, trying to understand their business and anticipate
charitable activities such as fundraising and volunteering by         their requirements. All employees are trained to be proactive in
dedicating their time and efforts to help others in need. Some        meeting customers’ expectations and responding with a sense
of the areas of charitable contributions made by the Group and        of urgency.
its employees include: education, social services, orphanages,
elderly homes, schools, children’s hospitals, cancer research,        “We Take It Personally” is not just a slogan at OOCL, but
multiple sclerosis, and diabetes research.                            also an attitude that all employees are encouraged to adopt in
                                                                      dealing with our customers. Each year we recognise hundreds
Up to 31st December 2025, a total of 62 OOCL vessels                  of employees around the world for displaying initiative and
participated in the Hong Kong Voluntar y Obser ving                   going beyond the call of duty to meet our customers’ needs.
Ship (HKVOS) programme organised by the Hong Kong
Observatory (HKO). The programme aims to gather important             It is the Group’s policy to maintain a diversified customer base
marine climatology data to identify prevailing weather                across all geographical regions and trade lanes. A Key Risk
conditions for preparing forecasts and warnings for the               Indicator (KRI) of customer concentration was developed and
maritime community.                                                   is included in the functional risk dashboards for the Group’s
                                                                      liner and logistics businesses which are being monitored on a
                                                                      quarterly basis. Different tolerance limits for the KRI are set for
                                                                      regions, trades and the organisation as a whole. As at the end
                                                                      of 2025, OOCL had approximately 31,549 active customers and
                                                                      the customer concentration was at an acceptable level.

                                                                      In the Group’s relationship with suppliers, we put special
                                                                      emphasis on the supplier selection process in which both
                                                                      quantitative and qualitative factors are considered objectively,
                                                                      independently and openly, according to the Group’s highest
                                                                      ethical standards. Pricing is not the Group’s primar y
                                                                      consideration; instead, the Group focuses its attention on
                                                                      the suppliers’ quality service, safety and ethical standards.
                                                                      “Excellence through quality ” is another core value of the
                                                                      Group. While we endeavour to provide the best quality service
                                                                      to our customers by setting high standards for ourselves, we




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
26   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                               Corporate Responsibility



demand the same high standards from our suppliers. It is also       adopted a wide range of enterprise level collaboration tools.
the Group’s policy to maintain a diversified supplier base across   In addition to conventional methods of communication such
all geographical regions.                                           as email, other tools such as OOCL Wiki, have become very
                                                                    effective in the global sharing of information and knowledge
The Group developed supplier management KRIs to monitor             as well as facilitating collaboration amongst colleagues around
supplier concentration in different regions and poor supplier       the world. They also helped support accelerated learning by
services. Cases of supplier service failure were shared among       providing us with the means to leverage resources, ideas and
employees to alert them to the importance of communicating          hence solutions. We have also implemented the use of the
our expectations to the suppliers and taking the right remedial     Microsoft Office 365 cloud-based information platform to
mitigating actions. As at the end of 2025, OOCL had 18,714          further our internal communication.
active suppliers. The supplier concentration ratio saw a modest
increase, remaining within a manageable range but prompting         As of 31st December, 2025, the Group had 11,665 employees
enhanced monitoring and control of concentration exposures.         (full-time equivalent). Women and men accounted for 54.7%
                                                                    and 45.3% of our onshore workforce respectively. The female
EMPLOYEE INFORMATION                                                representation at senior management level was 25%. We strive
As a responsible corporate citizen employing the highest            for maintaining such gender balance within our workforce.
standards of business ethics in all that it does, the Group         Their salary and benefit levels are maintained at competitive
understands that the process begins with the well treatment         levels. Employees are rewarded on a performance related
of its employees. As a successful corporation, the Group            basis within the general policy and framework of the Group’s
appreciates that its success, growth and performance are            salary and bonus schemes which are regularly reviewed. Other
attributable to the skills, dedication and teamwork of its          benefits including medical insurance and pension funds
employees. It regards people as its greatest asset and takes good   are also provided, and social and recreational activities are
care of them.                                                       organised around the world.

In the spirit of mutual respect, the Group is an equal              In the interest of adhering to the highest ethical standards on
opportunity employer with a clearly defined policy, covering        an ongoing basis, the Group has formulated a Code of Conduct
areas such as treating all employees with fairness and dignity,     which serves as a guideline to ensure compliance with all local,
promoting the corporate culture of encouraging open and             national and international legal standards. It helps to preclude
frank communication throughout the organisation, investing          any offences under local, national and international laws,
in its employees and caring for their hopes and aspirations         breaches of confidentiality and non-disclosure requirements,
through people development programmes and education, as             intellectual property rights infringement, as well as conflicts of
well as recognising their efforts and achievements.                 interest, acts of bribery, corruption or political contribution,
                                                                    and any other corporate misconduct. The Group has set up
People development remains a cornerstone of the corporate           procedures to identify, manage and control risks that may have
culture and enables the effective operation of the Group’s          an impact on the business of the Group. The Group’s “Whistle
career development policy through recruitment and internal          Blower Policy” is one of the Group’s formalised procedures
promotion. The Group has channelled a great deal of time            through which employees can anonymously file reports or
and effort into its various people development programmes in        register concerns and governs the reporting and investigation
practical and experiential environments through job rotation,       of allegations to suspected improper activities.
local and overseas job assignments, formal and informal
learning and development opportunities and sponsorships for         The Group is an equal opportunity employer with policies
performance enhancement building capacities of employees in         not to discriminate against any employee or applicant for
support of their growth with the Group. To further enhance          employment on the grounds of race, colour, religion, creed,
practical training and better HQ/Regional cooperation, efforts      age, sex, disability, pregnancy, childbirth and related medical
have been made to initiate more short term cross regional job       condition, marital status, sexual orientation, veteran status
rotations.                                                          and any other category as guided by local laws and legal
                                                                    regulations.
The Group employs an innovative approach to internal
communications, employee learning and people development.
The Group provides support to its employees to help them
deliver what customers need and unleash their potential. The
Group has utilised its intranet, called “InfoNet”, as a one-stop
shop platform for dissemination of company news and business
updates while providing its employees with a tool to share
knowledge, exchange views and formulate ideas. The Group



                                                                                          Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                            Annual Report 2025      27
Financial Review




         Cash and bank balances decreased
         by US$1,660.3 million to US$6,243.2
         million at the end of 2025, mainly
         due to the capital expenditure and
         dividend payment offset partially by
         operating net cash inflow in 2025.




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
28   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                       Financial Review



Analysis of Consolidated Profit and Loss Account
Summary of Group Results


                                                                                                                   Favourable/
                                                                                                                (unfavourable)
 US$’000                                                      2025                2024             Change                       %

 Operating revenue by activity:
   Container Transport and Logistics                      9,698,025         10,678,645            (980,620)                (9%)
   Other Activities                                          24,469             23,298               1,171                  5%

 Group operating revenue                                  9,722,494         10,701,943            (979,449)                (9%)

 Operating profit/(loss) by activity:
   Container Transport and Logistics                      1,527,553          2,655,247          (1,127,694)               (42%)
   Other Activities                                           7,913            (30,403)             38,316                 N/M

 Group operating profit                                   1,535,466          2,624,844          (1,089,378)               (42%)
 Finance costs                                              (18,291)           (20,618)              2,327                 11%
 Share of profits of joint ventures and
   associated companies                                      13,245             10,256               2,989                 29%

 Profit before taxation                                   1,530,420          2,614,482          (1,084,062)               (41%)
 Taxation                                                   (14,961)           (35,392)             20,431                 58%

 Profit for the year                                      1,515,459          2,579,090          (1,063,631)               (41%)

Revenue for 2025 was US$979.4 million less than that of 2024, representing a decrease of 9%. This decrease in revenue is mainly
attributed to the decrease in market freight rates for the core Container Transport and Logistics business. Other revenue,
amounting to less than 1% of the Group’s revenue for both 2025 and 2024, represented rental income from the Group’s investment
property, Wall Street Plaza, in New York.




                                                                                      Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025      29
Financial Review



Container Transport and Logistics
Summary of Operating Results

                                                                                                                               Favourable/
                                                                                                                            (unfavourable)
 US$’000                                                                  2025                    2024          Change                  %
 Liftings (TEUs)                                                  7,874,424                 7,595,476           278,948                4%

 Revenue per TEU (US$)                                                    1,115                   1,292            (177)             (14%)

 Operating revenue by location:
   Asia/Australia/Africa                                          7,963,326                 8,932,317          (968,991)             (11%)
   North and South America                                          637,887                   601,516            36,371                6%
   Europe                                                         1,096,812                 1,144,812           (48,000)              (4%)

 Operating revenue                                                9,698,025                10,678,645          (980,620)              (9%)

 Operating costs by items:
   Cargo and logistics costs                                      (3,758,930)              (3,727,246)          (31,684)              (1%)
   Vessel and voyage costs                                        (1,967,247)              (1,811,855)         (155,392)              (9%)
   Bunker cost                                                    (1,199,122)              (1,240,641)           41,519                3%
   Equipment and repositioning costs                              (1,146,440)              (1,085,407)          (61,033)              (6%)

 Operating costs                                                  (8,071,739)              (7,865,149)         (206,590)              (3%)

 Gross profit                                                     1,626,286                 2,813,496         (1,187,210)            (42%)
 Business and administrative expenses                              (470,377)                 (567,112)            96,735              17%
 Others                                                             371,644                   408,863            (37,219)             (9%)

 Operating profit                                                 1,527,553                 2,655,247         (1,127,694)            (42%)

The Container Transport and Logistics business trades under the “OOCL” name and represents the principal revenue contributor
to the Group, accounting for over 99% of the Group’s revenue in 2025. Container Transport and Logistics will continue to be the
core business of the Group in which the majority of the Group’s operating assets will be deployed.


                              Operating Revenue of Container Transport and Logistics


                                 100%


                                  80%
                                                83%                                82%
                                  60%


                                  40%


                                  20%                             11%                              11%
                                                         6%                                7%

                                   0%
                                                         2024                              2025

                                          Asia/Australia/Africa         North and South America      Europe




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
30   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                                        Financial Review



Asia/Australia/Africa
Overall revenue in 2025 from the Asia/Australia/Africa area decreased by 11% when compared to the previous year. In terms of
liner business, total liftings increased by 4% while overall average liner revenue per TEU decreased by 16% when compared to the
previous year.

The liftings of Trans-Pacific Eastbound services remained at similar level, while liner revenue and average liner revenue per TEU
decreased by 20%. Westbound services relating to the Asia/Northern Europe area liftings increased by 8%, but liner revenue fell
by 23%, which resulted from 29% decrease in average liner revenue per TEU. Intra-Asia services recorded a 5% increase in liftings
but liner revenue remained at similar level, which resulted from 4% decrease in average liner revenue per TEU. As for Australia
and New Zealand services, liftings and liner revenue both increased by around 5% while average liner revenue per TEU declined
by 1%.

North and South America
Overall revenue in 2025 from the North and South America area increased by 6% when compared to the previous year. In terms of
liner business, the total liftings and overall average liner revenue per TEU increased by 10% and 3% respectively when compared
to the previous year.

Westbound liftings of North America West Coast/Asia services and of US East Coast/Asia services via the Panama Canal increased
by 6% compared with last year, while liner revenue rose by 5% and average liner revenue per TEU fell by 1% respectively.
Eastbound Canada/Northern Europe and US East Coast/Northern Europe services recorded 28% increase in liftings, liner revenue
increased by 37% and average liner revenue per TEU increased by 7%.

Europe
Overall revenue in 2025 from the Europe area decreased by 4% when compared to the previous year. In terms of liner business, the
total liftings and overall average liner revenue per TEU decreased by 3% and 4% respectively when compared to the previous year.

Northern Europe/Asia Eastbound services recorded a decrease of 10% in liftings, 33% drop in liner revenue, and a drop in average
liner revenue per TEU of 26%. Westbound Trans-Atlantic routes showed a 12% rise in liftings, 13% rise in liner revenue and
average liner revenue per TEU remained at similar level. Intra-Europe liftings fell by 10%, liner revenue fell by 11% and average
liner revenue per TEU fell by 1%.


                                              Average Liner Revenue per TEU by Services
                        US$
                       2,500




                       2,000




                       1,500




                       1,000




                        500
                                    Q1 2024    Q2 2024   Q3 2024   Q4 2024    Q1 2025   Q2 2025   Q3 2025     Q4 2025


                    Trans-Pacific               Asia/Europe           Trans-Atlantic          Intra-Asia/Australia        All Trades




                                                                                                      Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025      31
Financial Review



Operating Costs
The principal operating costs of the container transport business include cargo and logistics costs, vessel and voyage costs, bunker
cost, equipment and repositioning costs.

Cargo and logistics costs mainly consist of terminal charges, inland transportation costs, commission and brokerage, cargo
assessment and freight tax, all of which are largely paid in the local currencies of the areas in which the activities take place. Cargo
and logistics costs increased by US$31.7 million as compared with 2024. The increment was mainly due to the increase in liftings
which were offset partially by the decrease in staff costs.

Voyage costs comprise mainly port charges, canal dues, cargo claims and insurance. Vessel costs include the operating costs and
depreciation charges relating to the OOCL fleet as well as the charter hire and slot hire expenses incurred in order to maintain the
scheduled service levels. During 2025, the increase in voyage costs was mainly due to the increase in port charges, canal dues and
the EU carbon emission costs whereas increase in the vessel costs was mainly owing to the rise in container vessels depreciation
charges which partly offset by the decrease in slot hire expenses as compared with last year. Total vessel and voyage costs for 2025
increased by US$155.4 million or 9% as compared with 2024.

Bunker cost is one of the major cost components of container transport business. Bunker unit cost decreased from an average of
US$579 per ton in 2024 to an average of US$525 per ton in 2025, resulting in a decrease in bunker cost by 3% for the year.

Equipment costs mainly represent maintenance and repair costs, rental payments, depot expenses and depreciation charges
relating to the fleet of containers equipment, while repositioning costs arise mainly from the relocation of empty containers from
areas of low activity to high demand regions. The total equipment and repositioning costs increased by 6% which was mainly
attributable to the increase in containers depreciation charges owing to new containers purchased and volume of empty containers
repositioning in Asia and Latin America.


                                                               Operating Costs
                                              2025                                               2024


                                        14%                                                14%




                               24%                           47%                 23%                             47%




                                           15%                                                 16%




                               Cargo and             Bunker cost     Vessel and voyage costs         Equipment and
                               logistics costs                                                       repositioning costs




Business and Administrative Expenses
Business and administrative expenses largely comprise staff costs, office expenses, selling and marketing costs, professional fee
and information system expenses. Business and administrative expenses in 2025 decreased by US$96.7 million, or 17% when
compared with 2024 which was mainly due to the decrease in staff costs.

Others
Other items comprise principally interest income from banks, net foreign exchange gain, net gain on the disposal of assets and
reversal of or provision for impairment of financial assets. Net income for other items in 2025 decreased by US$37.2 million when
compared with 2024 was mainly due to decrease in interest income from banks which partly offset by the increase in net foreign
exchange gain.


     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
32   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                                             Financial Review



Other Activities
Summary of Operating Results
                                                                                                                                         Favourable/
                                                                                                                                      (unfavourable)
 US$’000                                                                  2025                        2024               Change                   %
 Rental income                                                          24,469                      23,298                1,171                  5%
 Operating costs                                                       (16,239)                    (15,767)                (472)                (3%)
 Gross profit                                                             8,230                      7,531                   699                  9%
 Investment income                                                        4,700                      6,153                (1,453)               (24%)
 Fair value loss on investment property                                  (2,246)                   (50,531)               48,285                 96%
 Interest income                                                          1,707                     13,917               (12,210)               (88%)
 Gain/(loss) from investment in Hui Xian                                    121                     (1,748)                1,869                N/M
 Others                                                                  (4,599)                    (5,725)                1,126                 20%
 Operating profit/(loss)                                                      7,913                (30,403)               38,316                 N/M

The Group owns an approximately 600,000 sq ft office and commercial property, Wall Street Plaza, located at 88 Pine Street, New
York, USA, an area popularly referred to as the “Wall Street area”. The building was constructed in 1972 and is operated as a multi-
tenanted building. Approximately 9,058 sq ft is occupied by Group companies. The Group also invests funds surplus to operations
in cash and bank deposit and, on a longer term basis, in equity and bond portfolios.

Operating profit of Other Activities was US$7.9 million in 2025 as compared to an operating loss of US$30.4 million in 2024,
mainly due to the decrease in fair value loss on investment property which partly offset by decrease in interest income.

Rental Income
Rental income from Wall Street Plaza was US$1.2 million more than that of last year, with an occupancy rate of 79% as at the end
of 2025.

Investment Income
Investment activities recorded a profit of US$4.7 million for the year compared with US$6.2 million in 2024. Net fair value gain
from equity decreased by US$0.6 million to US$1.9 million in 2025. Interest income from bond investments amounted to US$2.6
million for 2025 which was US$0.1 million lower than last year.


                                             Investment Income by Activities

                               US$’000

                                 3,500

                                 3,000       2,686   2,606
                                                                      2,409
                                 2,500
                                                                                 1,850
                                 2,000

                                 1,500
                                                                                           1,058
                                 1,000

                                  500                                                               244

                                    0
                                          Interest income from      Net fair value gain   Dividend income
                                            bond investments          (realised and
                                                                       unrealised)
                                            2024             2025




                                                                                                            Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                                              Annual Report 2025      33
Financial Review



Fair Value Loss on Investment Property
As at 31st December 2025 and 2024, the Group’s investment property, Wall Street Plaza, was valued at US$200.0 million by an
independent valuer. Taking into consideration of the US$2.2 million capital outlays, the net fair value loss for 2025 was therefore
US$2.2 million, compared with the net fair value loss of US$50.5 million in 2024.

Finance Costs
The Group incurs interest expenses on lease liabilities in 2025. Finance costs also include fees on lease administration. Finance
costs in 2025 was US$18.3 million which is US$2.3 million less than that of 2024 mainly due to repayment of lease liabilities.

Share of Profits of Joint Ventures and Associated Companies
Share of profits of joint ventures and associated companies mainly represents the Group’s investments in a 20% stake in a terminal
in Ningbo, a 9% stake in a terminal in Tianjin which was acquired in 2024, a 49% stake in a liner agency and stakes in container
depots. The share of profits of joint ventures and associated companies in 2025 amounted to US$13.2 million which was US$3.0
million more than 2024.

Profit before Taxation
Pre-tax profit for the year was US$1,530.4 million compared with last year of US$2,614.5 million. The decline in earnings reflected
the decrease in market freight rates in the Container Transport and Logistics segment in 2025.

Earnings before Interest and Tax
EBIT decreased from US$2,635.1 million in 2024 to US$1,548.7 million in 2025 and EBIT margin decreased from 24.6% in 2024
to 15.9% in 2025. The lower market freight rates during the current year and the increase in operating costs, led to the decrease in
profitability for the Group in 2025.




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
34   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                         Financial Review



Capital Expenditure
                                                                                                                        Increase/
                                                                                                                       (decrease)
 US$’000                                                            2025              2024            Change                   %
 Container vessels and capitalised dry-docking costs             583,827            575,570             8,257                 1%
 Assets under construction                                     1,508,443          1,052,335           456,108                43%
 Containers and chassis                                          459,341            163,842           295,499               180%
 Land and buildings                                               18,761             43,986           (25,225)              (57%)
 Computer software                                                 3,781              1,377             2,404               175%
 Investment property                                               2,246                531             1,715               323%
 Others                                                           55,897             74,030           (18,133)              (24%)

                                                               2,632,296          1,911,671           720,625                38%

Capital expenditure increased from US$1,911.7 million in 2024 to US$2,632.3 million in 2025, mainly due to the increase in
payment for assets under construction for the newbuilding projects and purchases of containers.

Capital expenditure on newbuilding projects in 2025 comprised instalment payments for orders placed by the Group for the
construction of nine 16,828 TEU container vessels, three 24,000 TEU class methanol dual fuel container vessels and fourteen
18,500 TEU class methanol dual fuel container vessels, in connection with the shipbuilding transactions as disclosed in the
Company’s announcements dated 2nd September 2021, 28th October 2022 and 29th April 2025 respectively.

Vessels
In 2025, the Group took delivery of nine 16,828 TEU vessels which were ordered in 2021. On 29th April 2025, the Group entered
into contracts to construct fourteen units of 18,500 TEU class methanol dual fuel container vessels for an aggregate consideration
of US$3,080.0 million, which are expected to be delivered between 2028 and 2029.




                                                                                        Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025      35
Financial Review



Review of Consolidated Balance Sheet
Summary of Consolidated Balance Sheet
                                                                                                      Increase/
                                                                                                     (decrease)
 US$’000                                                         2025         2024        Change             %
 Property, plant and equipment                              8,500,668     6,710,820     1,789,848          27%
 Right-of-use assets                                        1,552,906     1,732,776      (179,870)        (10%)
 Investment property                                          200,000       200,000             –           0%
 Joint ventures and associated companies                      150,145       145,308         4,837           3%
 Intangible assets                                              5,388         4,840           548          11%
 Restricted bank balances                                       4,634         4,045           589          15%
 Portfolio investments and investments at amortised cost       58,980        62,061        (3,081)         (5%)
 Accounts receivable and other assets                         891,271       941,800       (50,529)         (5%)
 Other non-current assets                                      61,875        63,260        (1,385)         (2%)
 Cash and bank balances                                     6,243,182     7,903,473    (1,660,291)        (21%)

 TOTAL ASSETS                                              17,669,049    17,768,383      (99,334)         (1%)
 Accounts payable and other liabilities                    (1,802,064)   (1,930,036)     127,972          (7%)
 Current taxation                                            (115,930)     (134,769)      18,839         (14%)

 TOTAL ASSETS LESS TRADING LIABILITIES                     15,751,055    15,703,578       47,477           0%
 Lease liabilities                                          1,279,448     1,373,223      (93,775)         (7%)
 Deferred liabilities                                       1,058,250     1,080,858      (22,608)         (2%)
 Non-controlling interests                                      4,789         3,947          842          21%
 Ordinary shareholders’ equity                             13,408,568    13,245,550      163,018           1%

 CAPITAL EMPLOYED                                          15,751,055    15,703,578       47,477           0%
 Debt to equity ratio                                            0.10          0.10
 Net cash to equity ratio                                        0.37          0.49
 Creditors and accruals as a % of revenue                       18.53         18.03
 Debtors and prepayments as a % of revenue                       7.05          6.95
 % return on average ordinary shareholders’ equity              11.36         21.08
 Net asset value attributable to equity holders of the
   Company per ordinary share (US$)                             20.30         20.06
 Cash and bank balances per ordinary share (US$)                 9.45         11.97
 Share price at 31st December (US$)                             16.08         14.76
 Price to book ratio based on share price
   at 31st December                                              0.79          0.74




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
36   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                         Financial Review



Property, Plant and Equipment and Right-of-Use Assets
                                                                                                                        Increase/
                                                                                                                       (decrease)
 US$’000                                                             2025              2024           Change                   %
 Container vessels and capitalised dry-docking costs            6,973,229         5,628,969          1,344,260               24%
 Containers and chassis                                         1,824,467         1,542,752            281,715               18%
 Land and buildings                                               104,191           120,721            (16,530)             (14%)
 Assets under construction                                      1,027,813         1,012,292             15,521                2%
 Others                                                           123,874           138,862            (14,988)             (11%)

                                                              10,053,574          8,443,596          1,609,978               19%

Container Transport and Logistics remains the core business of the Group and the one in which majority of property, plant and
equipment and right-of-use assets are deployed. These assets largely comprise container vessels, containers and assets under
construction.

The increase in balance in 2025 was mainly due to the payments made for the newbuilding projects and the additions of
containers, which partially offset by depreciation charge for the year.

Investment Property
Investment property represents the Group’s commercial building, Wall Street Plaza, in New York. The building was valued at
US$200.0 million as at the end of 2025 and 2024 by an independent valuer.

Joint Ventures and Associated Companies
                                                                                                                        Increase/
                                                                                                                       (decrease)
 US$’000                                                             2025              2024           Change                   %
 Joint ventures                                                    10,930            10,005                925                9%
 Associated companies                                             139,215           135,303              3,912                3%

                                                                  150,145           145,308              4,837                3%

The increase in the investments in joint ventures and associated companies was mainly due to share of profits of joint ventures and
associated companies.

Cash and Bank Balances
                                                                                                                        Increase/
                                                                                                                       (decrease)
 US$’000                                                             2025              2024           Change                   %
 Container Transport and Logistics                              6,235,893         7,620,665         (1,384,772)             (18%)
 Other Activities                                                   7,289           282,808           (275,519)             (97%)

                                                                6,243,182         7,903,473         (1,660,291)             (21%)

Cash and bank balances decreased by US$1,660.3 million to US$6,243.2 million at the end of 2025, mainly due to the capital
expenditure and dividend payment offset partially by operating net cash inflow in 2025.




                                                                                        Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025      37
Financial Review



Accounts Receivable and Other Assets
                                                                                                                   Increase/
                                                                                                                  (decrease)
 US$’000                                                            2025                2024           Change             %
 Container Transport and Logistics                              876,794              926,226           (49,432)         (5%)
 Other Activities                                                14,477               15,574            (1,097)         (7%)

                                                                891,271              941,800           (50,529)         (5%)

Accounts receivable and other assets decreased by US$50.5 million to US$891.3 million at the end of 2025.


                                           Ageing Analysis of Trade Receivables
                                          2025                                       2024


                                                                              19%
                                    21%

                                                                         2%
                               3%




                                                    76%                                         79%




                                    Below 1 month           2-3 months                Over 3 months




Accounts Payable and Other Liabilities
                                                                                                                   Increase/
                                                                                                                  (decrease)
 US$’000                                                            2025                2024           Change             %
 Container Transport and Logistics                            1,794,168             1,922,253         (128,085)         (7%)
 Others Activities                                                7,896                 7,783              113           1%

                                                              1,802,064             1,930,036         (127,972)         (7%)




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
38   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                             Financial Review



Accounts payable and other liabilities at the end of 2025 were US$128.0 million lower than that of 2024, mainly in line with the
decrease in cost accruals.


                                                Ageing Analysis of Trade Payables
                                           2025                                       2024

                                                                                      3%
                                           5%


                                                                              26%
                               30%




                                                       65%                                         71%




                                     Below 1 month             2-3 months              Over 3 months




Total Debt
                                                                                                                            Increase/
                                                                                                                           (decrease)
 US$’000                                                               2025                2024           Change                   %
 Lease liabilities                                               1,279,448          1,373,223              (93,775)              (7%)

Lease liabilities decreased by US$93.8 million compared with 2024, mainly as a result of repayment of lease liabilities during the
year.

Total scheduled debt repayment between 2026 and 2030 is US$1,239.2 million, being equivalent to more than 96% of the total
outstanding debt as at 31st December 2025. Details of the repayment profile of the Group’s lease liabilities are set out in Note 35 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Debt Profile
Of the total US$1,279.4 million debt outstanding at the end of 2025, US$1,075.3 million was fixed-rate debt and the remaining
US$204.1 million was subject to floating interest rates at various competitive spreads over three-month SOFR (or equivalent) and
mainly related to the financing of vessels and container equipment. The Group’s average cost of debt at 31st December 2025 was
4.0% (2024: 4.2%).




                                                                                            Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                              Annual Report 2025      39
Financial Review



Net Cash to Equity Ratio
This ratio decreased from 0.49 in 2024 to 0.37 in 2025 mainly because of the net cash outflow recorded during the current year.
This ratio will be closely monitored in the light of business forecasts.


                                                 Net Cash to Equity Ratio

                                Ratio
                                0.60

                                0.50

                                0.40

                                0.30

                                0.20

                                0.10

                                0.00
                                                    2024                  2025




Shareholders’ Equity
As at 31st December 2025, the Company had 660,373,297 shares in issue, consisting entirely of ordinary shares. With the profit
recorded for the year, the Group’s consolidated shareholders’ equity increased by US$163.0 million to US$13,408.6 million as at the
end of 2025 with a net asset value attributable to equity holders of the Company per ordinary share of US$20.30 (2024: US$20.06).
Return on average ordinary shareholders’ equity is a key measure for the Group’s objective to continuously enhance shareholders’
value. This ratio decreased from 21.08% to 11.36% in 2025, which was mainly due to the deterioration of the profitability of the
core Container Transport and Logistics business as a result of the lower freight rates in 2025.

Operating Leases and Commitments
In addition to the owned operating assets, the Group employs assets through long-term and short-term lease arrangements.
Details of these lease commitments are disclosed in Note 38(b) to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

In September 2025, the Group as lessee entered into long-term charterparties to charter five brand new container vessels for 7.5
years from delivery. The expected delivery of these new buildings will be from the fourth quarter of 2027 to the third quarter of
2028.

The Group as lessee entered into long-term charterparties in October 2024 to charter six brand new container vessels for 15 years
from delivery. The expected delivery of these new buildings will be from the fourth quarter of 2026 to the first quarter of 2028.

As at the end of 2025, the Group had outstanding capital commitments amounting to US$3,855.9 million, representing mostly the
commitments for the newbuilding projects.




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
40   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                          Financial Review



Analysis of Change in Cash and Cash Equivalents
                                                                                                                      Favourable/
                                                                                                                   (unfavourable)
 US$’000                                                             2025               2024           Change                  %
 Net cash from operating activities                             1,990,771          3,211,515        (1,220,744)              (38%)
 Net cash (used in)/from investing activities                  (2,535,864)         2,511,676        (5,047,540)              N/M
 Net cash used in financing activities                         (2,004,318)        (1,196,451)         (807,867)              (68%)

 Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents          (2,549,411)         4,526,740        (7,076,151)              N/M
 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                 5,650,964          1,129,210         4,521,754               400%
 Currency translation adjustments                                  (6,404)            (4,986)           (1,418)              (28%)

 Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                       3,095,149          5,650,964        (2,555,815)              (45%)

A net outflow of US$2,549.4 million was recorded in 2025 compared with a net inflow of US$4,526.7 million in 2024. Operating
inflow of US$1,990.8 million for the year was US$1,220.7 million lower than that of 2024 with lower freight rates. The change
in investing cash flow was mainly due to the increase in purchase of property, plant and equipment in 2025 and the movement
in bank deposits maturing more than three months from the date of placement. The net increase in financing cash outflow
was mainly due to the increase in dividends paid to shareholders during the year. Total cash and cash equivalents decreased to
US$3,095.1 million at the end of 2025, against US$5,651.0 million in 2024. Details of the consolidated cash flow statement are set
out on page 112 of the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Liquidity
As at 31st December 2025, the Group had cash and bank balances of US$6,243.2 million compared with debt obligations of
US$568.4 million repayable in 2026. Total current assets at the end of 2025 amounted to US$7,181.0 million against total current
liabilities of US$2,486.4 million. The Group has no loan capital. The Group from time to time prepares and updates cashflow
forecasts for asset acquisitions, to serve project development requirements, as well as working capital needs, with the objective of
maintaining a proper balance between a conservative liquidity level and an effective investment of surplus funds.




                                                                                         Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025      41
Board of Directors




Wan Min                                                         Zhang Feng
Mr. Wan, aged 57, has been the Chairman of the Board and        Mr. Zhang, aged 53, has been an Executive Director and the
an Executive Director of the Company since 6th December         Chief Executive Officer of the Company since 16th April
2021. He is the chairman of the Executive Committee and         2025. He is a member of the Executive Committee and the
the Nomination Committee of the Company.                        Remuneration Committee, and the chairman of the Inside
                                                                Information Committee, the Risk Committee, the Strategic
Mr. Wan graduated from Shanghai Maritime College                Development Committee and the Sustainability Committee
(currently Shanghai Maritime University) majoring in            of the Company.
Transportation Management and Engineering. He also holds
a master degree in Business Administration from Shanghai        Mr. Zhang graduated from Beijing Foreign Languages
Jiao Tong University and is an engineer. Mr. Wan is currently   Institute (currently Beijing Foreign Studies University) with
the chairman of the board and the Party Secretary of            a bachelor degree in French and is a senior engineer. He is
China COSCO SHIPPING Corporation Limited (“COSCO                currently the executive vice president and a Party Committee
SHIPPING ” ), an executive director of China Ocean              member of China COSCO SHIPPING Corporation Limited,
Shipping Company Limited ( “China Ocean Shipping ” ),           and the vice chairman of the board and an executive
and the chairman of the board and an executive director of      director of COSCO SHIPPING Holdings Co., Ltd. (“COSCO
COSCO SHIPPING Holdings Co., Ltd. (“COSCO SHIPPING              SHIPPING Holdings”, a company listed in both Shanghai and
Holdings”, a company listed in both Shanghai and Hong           Hong Kong).
Kong).
                                                                He served as the deputy business manager and the manager
Mr. Wan had been the general manager and the Deputy             of the global sales department of marketing division, and
Party Secretary of COSCO Container Lines Co., Ltd.              the deputy manager and the manager of the marketing
(currently COSCO SHIPPING Lines Co., Ltd.), the executive       department of Americas trade division of COSCO Container
vice president and a Party Committee member of China            Lines Co., Ltd. (currently COSCO SHIPPING Lines Co.,
Ocean Shipping (Group) Company (currently China Ocean           Ltd. (“COSCO SHIPPING Lines”)), an assistant to president
Shipping), a director, the president and the Deputy Party       of COSCO (Los Angeles) Agency Inc., the executive vice
Secretary of COSCO SHIPPING, the chairman of the board          president of COSCO Container Lines (America) Co., Ltd.,
and a non-executive director of COSCO SHIPPING Holdings,        the deputy general manager, the executive deputy general
and the chairman of the board of China Tourism Group Co.,       manager and the general manager of the Americas trade
Ltd. Mr. Wan has over 30 years of experience in corporate       division of COSCO SHIPPING Lines, a director and the
management and has extensive expertise in shipping and          general manager of New Golden Sea Shipping Pte. Ltd., the
tourism business management.                                    vice president of COSCO SHIPPING (South East Asia) Pte.
                                                                Ltd., a director and the president of COSCO SHIPPING
                                                                (North America) Inc., a director, the general manager and
                                                                the Deputy Party Secretary of COSCO SHIPPING Lines,
                                                                an executive director, the deputy general manager and the
                                                                Deputy Party Secretary of COSCO SHIPPING Holdings.
                                                                Mr. Zhang has extensive experience in container shipping
                                                                operation and overseas enterprise management.



     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
42   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                      Board of Directors




Tao Weidong
Mr. Tao, aged 55, has been an Executive Director of the           International Freight Co., Ltd. (currently COSCO SHIPPING
Company since 29th May 2024. He is a member of the                Lines (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. ( “COSCO SHIPPING Lines
Executive Committee, the Inside Information Committee,            (Shanghai)”)), the general manager of COSCO SHIPPING
the Risk Committee, the Strategic Development Committee           Lines (Shanghai), the general manager of COSCO SHIPPING
and the Sustainability Committee of the Company. Mr. Tao          International Freight Co., Ltd., the deputy general manager
is also the chairman of the board, the chief executive officer,   of COSCO SHIPPING Lines, and the general manager of
a director and the chairman of the executive committee of         the operating management division of COSCO SHIPPING.
Orient Overseas Container Line Limited (a wholly-owned            During the period from October 2022 to June 2023, he served
subsidiar y of the Company), and a director and/or                as a director of Shanghai International Port (Group) Co.,
president of certain subsidiaries of the Company*.                Ltd. Mr. Tao has nearly 30 years of experience in corporate
                                                                  management and extensive experience in shipping and
Mr. Tao graduated from Shanghai Maritime College                  logistics operation and management.
(currently Shanghai Maritime University) majoring in Water
Transport Management, obtained a master degree in Business        *   Including OOCL (Infotech) Holdings Limited, OOCL (Logistics)
Administration from Shanghai Maritime University, and                 Holdings Limited, OOCL Transport & Logistics Holdings Limited,
is a professorate senior engineer. Mr. Tao is currently the           OOIL (Investments) Inc. and OOIL (Property Holdings) Inc.
employee representative director of China COSCO SHIPPING
Corporation Limited (“COSCO SHIPPING”), an executive
director, the general manager and the Party Secretary of
COSCO SHIPPING Holdings Co., Ltd. (a company listed in
both Shanghai and Hong Kong), the chairman of the board
and the Party Secretary of COSCO SHIPPING Lines Co., Ltd.
(“COSCO SHIPPING Lines”), the chairman of the board of
COSCO SHIPPING Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited, and a
director of Faulkner Global Holdings Limited.

He had been the manager of the container transportation
department and the manager of the agency department of
COSCO Cosfim Co. Ltd., an assistant to general manager
and the deputy general manager of COSCO (Shenzhen)
International Freight Co., Ltd. (currently COSCO SHIPPING
Lines (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.), the deputy general manager of
the Americas trade division of COSCO Container Lines Co.,
Ltd. (currently COSCO SHIPPING Lines), the deputy general
manager of COSCO (Southern China) International Freight
Co., Ltd. (currently COSCO SHIPPING Lines (Southern
China) Co., Ltd.), the general manager of COSCO (Shanghai)




                                                                                      Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025       43
Board of Directors




Tung Lieh Cheung Andrew                                        Yu Fulin
Mr. Tung, aged 61, has been a Non-Executive Director of        Mr. Yu, aged 59, has been a Non-Executive Director since
the Company since 1st January 2020. He is a member of the      12th December 2025. He is a member of the Nomination
Inside Information Committee, the Risk Committee and           Committee and the Risk Committee of the Company.
the Sustainability Committee of the Company. He has been
an advisor to the chief executive officer of Orient Overseas   Mr. Yu holds a Bachelor of Engineering degree in Engineering
Container Line Limited ( “ OOCLL”, a wholly-owned              Mechanics from Tongji University, and is a senior engineer.
subsidiary of the Company) since 1st January 2020.             He is currently the Party Secretary and the chairman of the
                                                               board of Shanghai International Port (Group) Co., Ltd. (a
Mr. Tung holds a bachelor degree from Princeton University     company listed in Shanghai).
and a master degree in Business Administration from
Stanford University in the USA. Mr. Tung is currently a        Mr. Yu has successively served as Deputy Director of
managing partner of QBN Management Limited. He is also         the Engineering Construction Division of the Shanghai
an independent non-executive director of Standard Chartered    Municipal Commission of Housing and Urban-Rural
Bank (China) Limited, a member of the Chief Executive’s        Development, and then Deputy Director and Director of the
Council of Advisers of the Hong Kong Special Administrative    Engineering Construction Division of the Shanghai Municipal
Region and the vice chairman of China-United States            Commission of Construction and Transportation, Deputy
Exchange Foundation.                                           Director of the Shanghai Municipal Major Projects Office,
                                                               and Director of the Shanghai Municipal Commendation and
Mr. Tung was an Executive Director of the Company from         Competition Office, Director of the Engineering Construction
2nd November 2011 to 31st December 2019. He was a              Division of the Shanghai Municipal Commission of
director and a member of the executive committee of OOCLL      Urban-Rural Development and Transportation, Deputy
from March 2006 to 31st December 2019. He was the chief        Director-General of the Shanghai Municipal Bureau of
executive officer and senior managing director of OOCLL        Housing Security and Housing Administration, Deputy
from 1st July 2012 to 2nd August 2018, and had been            Director of the Shanghai Municipal Commission of
re-designated as the co-chief executive officer of OOCLL       Housing and Urban-Rural Development, Deputy Director
from 3rd August 2018 to 31st December 2019. He was also        of the Shanghai Municipal Commission of Transport, and
a director of various subsidiaries of the Company. Between     concurrently served as Director-General and Party Secretary
1993 and 1998, he served the Group in various capacities       of the Shanghai Municipal Road Transport Administration
including director of reefer trade of OOCLL. He was also an    Bureau, Deputy Party Secretary of the Working Committee of
independent non-executive director of Cathay Pacific Airways   the Shanghai Municipal Commission of Urban Construction
Limited and Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited.       and Transportation, Director and Secretary of the Party
                                                               Leadership Group of the Shanghai Municipal Commission of
                                                               Transport. Mr. Yu is currently a member of the 12th Shanghai
                                                               Municipal Committee and a member of the 12th Shanghai
                                                               Congress of the Communist Party of China.




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
44   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                  Board of Directors




Wang Dan                                                        Ip Sing Chi
Ms. Wang, aged 56, has been a Non-Executive Director of         Mr. Ip, aged 72, has been a Non-Executive Director of the
the Company since 3rd August 2018. She is a member of the       Company since 3rd August 2018. He is a member of the
Risk Committee of the Company.                                  Risk Committee of the Company.

Ms. Wang holds a master degree in International Finance         Mr. Ip holds a Bachelor of Arts degree from Coventry
from the Graduate School of the People’s Bank of China          University. He is currently the group managing director of
(currently Tsinghua University PBC School of Finance).          Hutchison Port Holdings Limited and the chairman of Yantian
Ms. Wang is the executive vice president of Silk Road Fund      International Container Terminals Limited. He is also an
Co., Ltd. ( “SRF ”) and a non-executive director of SIBUR       executive director of Hutchison Port Holdings Management
Holding (a public joint stock company in Russia).               Pte. Limited (the trustee-manager of Hutchison Port Holdings
                                                                Trust listed in Singapore), a non-executive director of COSCO
Ms. Wang worked at the international department and the         SHIPPING Development Co., Ltd. (a company listed in
monetary policy department II of the People’s Bank of China     both Shanghai and Hong Kong) and a non-independent
(“PBOC”), and served as an advisor to the executive director    non-executive director of Westports Holdings Berhad (a
for China of PBOC at the International Monetary Fund.           company listed in Malaysia).
Before joining SRF, she served as the deputy director-general
of the monetary policy department II of PBOC.                   Mr. Ip was the founding chairman (in 2000-2001) of the Hong
                                                                Kong Container Terminal Operators Association Limited, and
                                                                he had been an independent non-executive director of Piraeus
                                                                Port Authority S.A. Mr. Ip has over 45 years of experience in
                                                                the maritime industry.




                                                                                   Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025      45
Board of Directors




Chow Philip Yiu Wah                                           Chung Shui Ming Timpson
Mr. Chow, aged 78, has been an Independent Non-Executive      Dr. Chung, GBS, JP , aged 74, has been an Independent
Director of the Company since 2nd January 2015. He is the     Non-Executive Director of the Company since 3rd
Lead Independent Non-Executive Director, the chairman         August 2018. He is a member of the Audit Committee,
of the Audit Committee and the Remuneration Committee,        the Nomination Committee, the Strategic Development
and a member of the Nomination Committee, the Risk            Committee and the Sustainability Committee of the
Committee and the Sustainability Committee of the             Company.
Company.
                                                              Dr. Chung holds a Bachelor of Science degree from the
Mr. Chow holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Chemistry      University of Hong Kong, a master degree in Business
and Physics from the University of Hong Kong and a            Administration from the Chinese University of Hong Kong
master degree in Business Administration from the Chinese     and an honorary doctoral degree in Social Science from the
University of Hong Kong. He did not hold directorships in     City University of Hong Kong. He is a fellow member of
any other public companies listed in Hong Kong or overseas    The Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants.
in the last 3 years.                                          Dr. Chung is currently an independent non-executive
                                                              director of China Overseas Grand Oceans Group Limited,
Mr. Chow was an Executive Director of the Company from        China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited, Miramar Hotel and
                                                              Investment Company, Limited (all 3 companies are listed in
1st December 2003 to 30th June 2012, a Non-Executive
                                                              Hong Kong) and Postal Savings Bank of China Co., Ltd. (a
Director of the Company from 1st July 2012 to 1st January
                                                              company listed in both Shanghai and Hong Kong).
2015, and a consultant of the Company from 1st July 2012 to
31st December 2014.
                                                              Dr. Chung had been an audit supervisor I of Coopers &
                                                              Lybrand, an independent director of China State Construction
                                                              E ng i ne e r i ng C or p or at i on L i m ite d, an i nd e p e nd e nt
                                                              non-executive director of China Construction Bank
                                                              Corporation, Glorious Sun Enterprises Limited, China
                                                              Everbright Limited, Jinmao Hotel and Jinmao (China) Hotel
                                                              Investments and Management Limited and China Railway
                                                              Group Limited, an external director of China COSCO
                                                              SHIPPING Corporation Limited, the chairman of China
                                                              business of Jardine Fleming Holdings Limited and the
                                                              deputy chief executive officer of BOC International Limited.
                                                              Dr. Chung was also a member of the 10th to 13th National
                                                              Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative
                                                              Conference.

                                                              Dr. Chung is currently the pro-chancellor of the City
                                                              University of Hong Kong. He had also served many public
                                                              organisations, including the chairman of the Council of the
                                                              City University of Hong Kong, the chairman of the Hong
                                                              Kong Housing Society and a member of the Executive Council
                                                              of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region.

     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
46   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                    Board of Directors




Yang Liang Yee Philip                                             Chen Ying
Mr. Yang, aged 77, has been an Independent Non-Executive          Ms. Chen, aged 54, has been an Independent Non-Executive
Director of the Company since 3rd August 2018. He is              Director of the Company since 3rd August 2018. She
a member of the Audit Committee, the Remuneration                 is a member of the Audit Committee, the Nomination
Committee, the Nomination Committee, the Strategic                Committee and the Sustainability Committee of the
Development Committee and the Sustainability Committee            Company.
of the Company.
                                                                  Ms. Chen holds a master degree in Business Administration
Mr. Yang is currently an independent non-executive director       from Fudan University, a master degree in Business
of COSCO SHIPPING Ports Limited (a company listed in              Administration majoring in Finance from Maastricht College
Hong Kong). He is a full time arbitrator in international         in the Netherlands and graduated from the School of Finance
commercial and maritime arbitration, the honorary chairman        of Renmin University of China. She is a certified public
of Hong Kong International Arbitration Centre, a member
                                                                  accountant in Australia, CIMA (registered management
of the international advisory board of China International
                                                                  accountant) and a senior accountant in China. Ms. Chen is
Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission and the expert
committee of China International Commercial Court of              an external director of COSCO SHIPPING Lines Co., Ltd.,
the Supreme People’s Court of China, a council member of          an independent director of Shanghai Rural Commercial Bank
Shanghai Arbitration Commission and the chairman of SHAC          Co., Ltd., China CSSC Holdings Limited (both companies are
Academy.                                                          listed in Shanghai), China Shipbuilding Industry Company
                                                                  Limited (delisted on 5th September 2025) and Broad Asset
Mr. Yang had been an independent non-executive director of        Management Co., Ltd., and an independent non-executive
COSCO SHIPPING Holdings Co., Ltd., the chairman of Hong           director of MMG Limited (a company listed in Hong Kong).
Kong International Arbitration Centre, the vice chairman of
the documentary committee of the Baltic and International         Ms. Chen had been the vice chairman of Shanghai Chongyang
Maritime Council in Denmark, the president of Asia-Pacific
                                                                  Investment Co., Ltd. from March 2016 to June 2018. During
Regional Arbitration Group, the Hong Kong representative of
                                                                  the period from 1993 to 2016, she had been the deputy
ICC International Court of Arbitration, the chairman of the
East Asia branch of the Chartered Institute of Arbitrators, and   general manager and the secretary of the board of directors
a member of the Advisory Council of the Asian International       of Baoshan Iron & Steel Co., Ltd., the secretary of the board
Arbitration Centre and the general committee of Singapore         of directors, the assistant to the general manager and the
Chamber of Maritime Arbitration.                                  deputy general manager of Baosteel Group Co., Ltd. Ms. Chen
                                                                  was also an independent director of Changzhou Fusion New
Mr. Yang has extensive experience in dealing with cases           Material Co., Ltd. and Pingdingshan Tianan Coal Mining Co.,
related to international commercial, maritime and trade law       Ltd.
and is very familiar with laws and practice in such areas. He
acts as an arbitrator in thousands of cases in Hong Kong,         Ms. Chen has more than 20 years of experience in financial
London, Singapore, Malaysia, Australia, Austria, Korea, the
                                                                  management of large enterprises and more than 10 years of
USA and Chinese Mainland during the past over 40 years. He
                                                                  experience as top executives in the top 500 companies in the
has also published many books and articles on international
commercial, maritime and trade law and practice. Mr. Yang         world, and has extensive experience in corporate finance and
also devotes himself to the educational activities in various     accounting management, capital market communication,
law schools in Hong Kong and Chinese Mainland and is a            corporate governance, internal control and risk management.
visiting professor in more than ten universities.


                                                                                     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025      47
Board of Directors




Chen Hong
Mr. Chen, aged 65, has been an Independent Non-Executive
Director of the Company since 9th May 2025. He is a
member of the Risk Committee, the Strategic Development
Committee and the Sustainability Committee of the
Company.

Mr. Chen graduated from Tongji University majoring in
Industrial Automation of the Department of Electrical
Engineering and is a senior economist and a senior engineer.

He had been the deputy general manager of Pudong
automotive project group, the vice president and the vice
chairman of the board of Shanghai Automotive Industry
Corporation (Group) (currently Shanghai Automotive
Industry (Group) Co., Ltd.), the deputy general manager and
the general manager of Shanghai General Motors Company
Ltd. (currently SAIC General Motors Co., Ltd.), and the
president, the vice chairman of the board and the chairman of
the board of SAIC Motor Corporation Limited.




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
48   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                   Senior Management




Kenny Ye                                                               Junguang Xiao
Mr. Ye, aged 62, has been a Director of OOCLL since June 2018 and      Mr. Xiao, aged 55, has been a Director and a member of Executive
a member of Executive Committee since November 2015. He was            Committee of OOCLL since August 2020, and was appointed the
appointed Chief Operating Officer of OOCLL in January 2020 and         Company Secretary, the Group Legal Advisor, the Compliance
Director of Office of Chief Executive Officer, Corporate Human         Officer, the chairman of the Compliance Committee and a member
Resources, Marine Operations Center, Space and Traffic Control         of the Inside Information Committee and the Risk Committee of
Center and Fleet Management in August 2020. He joined the Group        OOIL. Mr. Xiao is currently the Company Secretary of COSCO
in 1994. Following his assignment in Shanghai, he was transferred to   SHIPPING Holdings Co., Ltd., and the Secretary of the Board and the
Hong Kong in 2004 and has served the Group in various capacities,      Chief Compliance Officer of COSCO SHIPPING Holdings Co., Ltd.
including as Director of Asia-Europe Trade, Director of Intra-Asia     and COSCO SHIPPING Lines Co., Ltd. Mr. Xiao holds a Bachelor’s
Trade and Chief Executive Officer of OOCL Logistics. Mr. Ye holds      degree in Finance from the Capital University of Economics and
a Diploma of Accounting at Lixin Accounting Institute (currently       Business, and a Master’s degree in Applied Finance from Macquarie
known as Shanghai Lixin University of Accounting and Finance) and      University. Mr. Xiao is an associate member of The Hong Kong
a Master of Business Administration from Oklahoma City University.     Chartered Governance Institute and The Chartered Governance
                                                                       Institute.




Yu Wu                                                                  Michael Xu
Ms. Wu, aged 50, has been a Director and a member of Executive         Mr. Xu, aged 54, has been a Director and a member of Executive
Committee of OOCLL since August 2020, and was appointed the            Committee of OOCLL and was also appointed the Director of Trades
Chief Information Officer and Director of Corporate Customer           in December 2021. He joined the Group in 1995 and has served the
Service in January 2021, Director of E-Commerce in August 2022         Group in various capacities, including Managing Director of OOCL
and Chief Executive Officer of OOCL Logistics in August 2024. Ms.      (China), General Manager of Intra-Asia Trade, General Manager of
Wu joined COSCO Group in 1997 and is currently Deputy General          Australia & New Zealand Trade and Managing Director of OOCL
Manager of COSCO SHIPPING Lines Co., Ltd. Ms. Wu holds a               (Vietnam). Mr. Xu holds a Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering
Bachelor’s degree in International Shipping Management from            from Shanghai Jiaotong University and a Master’s degree in Business
Shanghai Maritime University and a Master’s degree in Business         Administration from Jinan University.
Administration from Fudan University, and the qualification of
Economist.




                                                                                             Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                               Annual Report 2025        49
Senior Management




Peter Pan                                                            Zhigang Pan
Mr. Pan, aged 54, has been a Director and a member of Executive      Mr. Pan, aged 52, has been a Director and a member of Executive
Committee of OOCLL and was also appointed the Director of Trades     Committee of OOCLL since April 2025, and was appointed the Chief
in April 2024. Mr. Pan joined the Group in 2004 and has served the   Financial Officer of OOIL and OOCL and the Director of Corporate
Group in various capacities, including Chief Executive Officer of    Finance, Financial Control, Internal Audit and Dual Brand Yield
OOCL Logistics, President of OOCL North America Group, Chief         Management Center. Mr. Pan is currently the Chief Financial Officer
Operating Officer of OOCL Logistics and General Manager of OOCL      of COSCO SHIPPING Holdings Co., Ltd. and COSCO SHIPPING
Logistics (Europe). Mr. Pan holds a Bachelor’s degree in Computer    Lines Co., Ltd. Mr. Pan started his career in 1996 and has served in
Science from the University of Warwick and an Executive Master of    various capacities, including the Manager of the Accounting Division
Business Administration from The Chinese University of Hong Kong.    of COSCO SHIPPING Lines Co., Ltd., the Deputy General Manager
                                                                     of COSCO SHIPPING Lines (France) S.A.S., the Deputy Manager
                                                                     and the Manager of the Finance and Accounting Division of COSCO
                                                                     Container Lines Co., Ltd. Mr. Pan holds a Master’s degree in Business
                                                                     Administration from Dalian Maritime University.




Irene Cheng
Ms. Cheng, aged 50, has been a Director and a member of Executive
Committee of OOCLL since May 2025, and was appointed the
Director of Corporate Strategy Development, Dual Brand Network
Planning Center, Dual Brand Equipment Management Center
and Dual Brand Procurement Management Center. Ms. Cheng
is currently the Deputy General Manager of COSCO SHIPPING
Holdings Co., Ltd. and COSCO SHIPPING Lines Co., Ltd. Ms. Cheng
started her career in 1998 and has served the COSCO SHIPPING
Group in various capacities, including the Deputy General Manager
of the Strategic Development Division and the General Manager of
the Network Planning Center of COSCO SHIPPING Lines Co., Ltd.
Ms. Cheng holds a Master’s degree in Business Administration from
Fudan University, and the qualification of Senior Economist.



     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
50   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                  Financial Calendar


Announcement of results for the half year ended 30th June 2025                                            21st August 2025




Despatch of 2025 Interim Report to shareholders                                                       18th September 2025




Closure of the Register of Members                                                                  8th September 2025 to
(to ascertain the shareholders qualified to receive the interim dividend                             12th September 2025
in respect of the six months ended 30th June 2025)                                                   (Both days inclusive)




Announcement of results for the year ended 31st December 2025                                             12th March 2026




Despatch of 2025 Annual Report to shareholders                                                             23rd April 2026




Closure of the Register of Members                                                                       15th May 2026 to
(to ascertain the shareholders eligible to attend and vote at Annual General Meeting)                       21st May 2026
                                                                                                      (Both days inclusive)




Annual General Meeting                                                                                       21st May 2026




Closure of the Register of Members                                                                       29th May 2026 to
(to ascertain the shareholders qualified to receive the proposed final dividend                              4th June 2026
in respect of the year ended 31st December 2025)                                                      (Both days inclusive)




                                                                                    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025      51
Shareholder Information

ORDINARY SHARES
Issued shares                        660,373,297 shares (as at 31st December 2025)
Nominal value per share              US$0.10
Board lot                            500 shares

ANNUAL REPORT
This annual report is available in both English and Chinese on the Company’s website at https://www.ooilgroup.com.

Shareholders can obtain printed copies of this annual report and/or change the choice of language and/or means of receipt of the
Company’s future corporate communications by completing the Request Form, which is available on the Company’s website under
sub-section titled “Newsroom (Information to Shareholders)”, and returning it by post to the Company’s Hong Kong branch share
registrar at 17M Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong or by email to ooil@computershare.com.hk.

If you are not a shareholder, please write to:
   Orient Overseas (International) Limited
   31st Floor, Harbour Centre
   25 Harbour Road, Wanchai
   Hong Kong, China
   Attention: Company Secretary

SHAREHOLDER SERVICES
Any matter relating to your shareholding, including transfer of shares, change of name or address, and loss of share certificates,
should be addressed in writing to:
  Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
  Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre
  183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai
  Hong Kong, China
  Telephone: (852) 2862 8555         Facsimile: (852) 2865 0990

SHAREHOLDER ENQUIRIES
Any matter relating to shareholders’ rights should be addressed in writing to:
 Orient Overseas (International) Limited
 31st Floor, Harbour Centre
 25 Harbour Road, Wanchai
 Hong Kong, China
 Attention: Company Secretary

The Company’s enquiry hotline is operational during normal office hours:
  Telephone: (852) 2833 3888




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
52   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                                Shareholder Information



SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION
Ordinary shareholder information as at 31st December 2025:

Type of shareholders

                                                                                                                          Ordinary shares of
                                                                          Shareholders                                      US$0.10 each
 Type of shareholders                                                 Number       Percentage                          Number        Percentage
 Corporate                                                                   13               2.4575%              658,746,497                99.7537%
 Individual                                                                 516              97.5425%                1,626,800                 0.2463%
                                                                            529                    100%            660,373,297                     100%


Distribution of shareholdings

                                                                                                                          Ordinary shares of
                                                                          Shareholders                                      US$0.10 each
 Size of shareholdings                                                Number       Percentage                          Number        Percentage
 1 – 10,000                                                                 505              95. 4631%                 412,125                 0.0624%
 10,001 – 100,000                                                            20                3.7807%                 574,608                 0.0870%
 100,001 – 1,000,000                                                          2                0.3781%                 663,000                 0.1004%
 1,000,001 or above                                                           2                0.3781%             658,723,564                99.7502%
                                                                            529                    100%            660,373,297                     100%


Top ten ordinary shareholders
As at 31st December 2025, the interests of the top ten ordinary shareholders of the Company, as recorded in the Company’s
principal register and Hong Kong branch register of members, were as follows:


                                                                                                           Number of
 Name of ordinary shareholders                                                                    ordinary shares held                      Percentage
 HKSCC Nominees Limited                                                                                      342,944,519                      51.9319%
 Faulkner Global Holdings Limited (“Faulkner”) (Note)                                                        315,779,045                      47.8182%
 Poon Chiu Leung                                                                                                 400,000                       0.0605%
 Mok Kwun Cheung                                                                                                 263,000                       0.0398%
 Chan Yiu Chung Evan                                                                                              81,500                       0.0123%
 Ho Fuk Chuen                                                                                                     81,000                       0.0122%
 Fung Sun Kwan U/D                                                                                                45,022                       0.0068%
 Ho Hin Kwong                                                                                                     40,454                       0.0061%
 Wong Ngai Pok                                                                                                    39,500                       0.0059%
 Leung Wong Kit Ling                                                                                              35,000                       0.0053%

Note:
On 11th December 2025, Faulkner and COSCO SHIPPING Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited (“COSCO SHIPPING HK”) entered into an equity transfer
agreement, pursuant to which Faulkner agreed to sell, and COSCO SHIPPING HK agreed to purchase, 469,344,972 shares of the Company (the “Transfer”)
(representing 71.07% of the Company’s total issued shares), of which 153,565,927 ordinary shares (representing 23.2544% of the Company’s total issued
shares) were registered via Central Clearing and Settlement System under the name of HKSCC Nominees Limited. Please refer to the announcement of
the Company dated 11th December 2025 and pages 92 to 93 of this annual report for details.


As at the date of publication of this annual report, the registration of the Transfer has not been completed and Faulkner remains as a registered shareholder
of the Company.




                                                                                                          Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                                            Annual Report 2025           53
Corporate Governance Report

The Board of Directors of the Company (the “Board”) and the management of the Company are committed to maintaining high
standards of corporate governance. The Company considers that effective corporate governance makes an important contribution
to corporate success and to the enhancement of shareholder value.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE
The Company has adopted its own corporate governance code (the “CG Code”), which in addition to applying the principles as
set out in the Corporate Governance Code (the “SEHK Code”) contained in Appendix C1 to the Rules Governing the Listing
of Securities (the “Listing Rules”) on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”), also incorporates
and conforms to local and international best practices. The CG Code sets out the corporate governance principles applied
by the Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) and is constantly reviewed to ensure its transparency, accountability and
independence.

Throughout the year 2025, the Company complied with the SEHK Code, save for two recommended best practices as described
below:

•    the remuneration of senior management of the Group was disclosed by bands, not on an individual basis

•    quarterly operational results, instead of quarterly financial results, were announced and published

A. CORPORATE CULTURE
     1. Board Leadership
          The Board leads and shapes the corporate culture of the Company, which is anchored against the Company’s mission,
          values and competencies, and underpinned by the principle of acting lawfully, ethically, responsibly and accountably
          across all levels of the Group.


                                           •   To be the best and most innovative international container transport and logistics
                    Mission                    service provider, providing a vital link to world trade, and creating value for our
                                               customers, employees, shareholders and partners




                                           •   People, People, People        •       Excellence Through Quality
                  Core Values              •   Customer Focus                •       Community Responsibility




                                           •   Customer Focus                    •    Teamwork
                    Core                   •   Results Orientation               •    Communication
                 Competencies              •   Achievement Drive                 •    Innovation



     2. Tone from the Top and Accountability Framework
          The Board sets the tone from the top and ensures that the desired culture is implemented and continuously developed
          through the Group’s management practices, operating policies and guidelines, and its engagements with employees and
          other stakeholders to maintain alignment with the strategic focuses of the Group.

          The Board holds the Directors, the Chief Executive Officer of the Company and the senior management of the Group
          accountable for their actions. Senior management, in turn, reinforces the desired culture and sets the ethical tone
          and direction for middle management. This cascading accountability framework ensures consistent application of the
          expected business principles and ethics throughout the Group. Accountability of employees at all levels, along with the
          corporate culture, is embedded in the code of conduct of the employee handbook.




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
54   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                  Corporate Governance Report



  3. Strategic Alignment and Performance Management
     To promote a clear and shared understanding of our corporate culture, the Company incorporates corporate
     culture-related content into orientation programmes for new employees. Other training also serves as a reflection and
     demonstration of our commitment to the four core values, facilitating the integration of these principles into day-to-day
     operations and strategic decision-making.

     The Group’s strategic goals are further elaborated through specific objectives and measures at the workforce level to
     facilitate effective implementation. Employees at all levels are subject to periodic performance reviews and are eligible
     for remuneration adjustments and talent development initiatives, which cultivate the required competencies with
     reference to the expected commitment and responsibilities, and support the delivery of the corporate strategy.

     Adherence to, and demonstration of, the core values also serve as one of the key performance indicators in the annual
     performance review for all employees. A global recognition award programme, the “ Take it Personally” (TIP) Awards,
     is in place to encourage performance excellence through embracing the TIP spirit. These drive employees to act
     in the Group’s best interests while maintaining accountability to the management, the Board and ultimately to the
     shareholders.

B. BOARD OF DIRECTORS
  1. Roles and Duties of the Board
     a.   Strategic Leadership, Oversight and Governance
          The Board provides the overall strategic direction and management of the business and affairs of the Group, with
          the objective of enhancing shareholder value. Its key responsibilities include formulation of the Group’s overall
          strategies and policies, setting of corporate and management targets, key operational initiatives and policies on risk
          management and internal control systems pursuant to the Group’s strategic objectives, monitoring and control of
          operational and financial performance, and approval of budgets and major capital expenditures, major investments,
          material acquisitions and disposals of assets, corporate or financial restructuring, significant operational, financial
          and management matters.

          The Board has a fiduciary duty and statutory responsibility towards the Company and the Group. It ensures that
          the Company presents a balanced, clear and understandable assessment of its performance, position and prospects
          in the annual and interim reports, announcements and other financial disclosures as required under the Listing
          Rules, and reports to regulators any information required to be disclosed pursuant to statutory requirements.

     b.   Delegation to Management and Board Committees
          The Board delegates day-to-day management and operation of the Group’s business to the management of the
          Group under the leadership and supervision of the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, who organises,
          executes and implements the strategies, policies and objectives approved by the Board, and reports to the Board on
          their adoption and implementation across the Group.

          The Board also delegates certain specific responsibilities to 9 Board committees of the Company, namely Executive
          Committee, Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee, Nomination Committee, Risk Committee, Compliance
          Committee, Inside Information Committee, Strategic Development Committee and Sustainability Committee. The
          composition, functions and authority of each committee are set out on pages 68 to 78 of this annual report. For
          the efficient management and operation of the Group’s principal subsidiary, the Board also delegates and confers
          certain powers, authorities and discretions on such terms as it thinks fit to the board of directors, the executive
          committee and certain sub-committees of the Group’s principal subsidiary for them to act and operate within the
          delegated frameworks.




                                                                                     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025      55
Corporate Governance Report



     2. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
          As at the date of this annual report, Mr. Wan Min is the Chairman of the Company and Mr. Zhang Feng is the Chief
          Executive Officer of the Company with their respective roles set out in writing.

          a.   Chairman
               The primary role of the Chairman is to provide leadership to the Board and to ensure that the Board functions
               effectively in the discharge of its responsibilities. His duties include to:

               –     ensure that Directors are briefed and have received, in a timely manner, adequate information, which are
                     accurate, clear, complete and reliable, on issues to be discussed at Board meetings;

               –     ensure that the Board works effectively and performs its responsibilities, and that all key and appropriate
                     issues are discussed in a timely manner and that good corporate governance practices and procedures are
                     established, implemented and maintained;

               –     approve the agenda drawn up by the Company Secretary for each Board meeting taking into account, where
                     appropriate, any matter proposed by the other Directors for inclusion in the agenda;

               –     promote a culture of openness and debate by facilitating the effective contribution of the Non-Executive
                     Directors (including the Independent Non-Executive Directors) in particular and ensuring constructive
                     relations between the Executive Directors and the Non-Executive Directors; and encourage Directors with
                     different views to voice their concerns, allow sufficient time for discussion of issues and ensure that Board
                     decisions fairly reflect Board consensus;

               –     hold meetings at least annually with the Independent Non-Executive Directors without the presence of the
                     other Directors;

               –     ensure effective communication with the shareholders of the Company and that their views are communicated
                     to the Board; and to

               –     attend the annual general meetings of the Company and invite the Lead Independent Non-Executive Director
                     (if any) and the chairmen of the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee, the Nomination Committee
                     and the other Board committees, or in the absence of the chairman of the respective Board committees,
                     other members of the related Board committees to be available to answer the relevant questions at the annual
                     general meetings.

               In case of an equality of votes at any Board meeting, the Chairman shall be entitled to a second or a casting vote.




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
56   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                            Corporate Governance Report



   b.   Chief Executive Officer
        The primary role of the Chief Executive Officer of the Company is to be responsible for the day-to-day
        management and business operations of the Group. His duties include to:

        –     provide leadership and supervise the effective management of the Group and to establish and review from
              time to time the management system of the Group;

        –     set up programmes for management development and succession plans for the Group;

        –     monitor and control the operational and financial performance of the Group;

        –     organise, execute, implement and report to the Board on the adoption of the Company’s strategies, policies
              and objectives by the Group pursuant to the Board’s decisions;

        –     provide information to the Board (as necessary) to enable the Board to monitor the performance of
              management and operation of the Group; and to

        –     organise the implementation of the Board’s decisions and implement such duties as directed or delegated by
              the Board.

3. Board Composition
   As at the date of this annual report, the Board is comprised of 3 Executive Directors, 4 Non-Executive Directors and
   5 Independent Non-Executive Directors. Their length of tenure and the current period of appointment are set out
   below:

                                                              Length of Tenure*                  Current Period of Appointment
                                                                (Approximate
                                                              number of year(s))                      Start Date                  End Date
   Executive Directors
   Mr. Wan Min (Chairman)                                                4                 6th December 2024           5th December 2027
   Mr. Zhang Feng (Chief Executive Officer)                              1                     16th April 2025             15th April 2028
   Mr. Tao Weidong                                                       2                      29th May 2024               28th May 2027

   Non-Executive Directors
   Mr. Tung Lieh Cheung Andrew                                          14                   1st January 2026         31st December 2028
   Mr. Yu Fulin                                                         1                12th December 2025           11th December 2028
   Ms. Wang Dan                                                         8                    3rd August 2024              2nd August 2027
   Mr. Ip Sing Chi                                                      8                    3rd August 2024              2nd August 2027

   Independent Non-Executive Directors
   Mr. Chow Philip Yiu Wah
     (Lead Independent Non-Executive Director)                          22                   2nd January 2024              1st January 2027
   Dr. Chung Shui Ming Timpson                                          8                     3rd August 2024              2nd August 2027
   Mr. Yang Liang Yee Philip                                            8                     3rd August 2024              2nd August 2027
   Ms. Chen Ying                                                        8                     3rd August 2024              2nd August 2027
   Mr. Chen Hong                                                        1                        9th May 2025                 8th May 2028

   *    Represents the continuous period of service as a Director, irrespective of any re-designation during the period.

   The Directors have extensive corporate and strategic planning experience and industry knowledge. Their biographical
   details are set out on pages 42 to 48 of this annual report and on the Company’s website at https://www.ooilgroup.com.
   Details of the diversity and skills profile of the Board are set out on pages 61 to 63 of this annual report.




                                                                                               Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025       57
Corporate Governance Report



     4. Nomination, Appointment and Re-election
          The Company follows a formal, considered and transparent procedure for the appointment of new Directors. The
          Nomination Committee of the Company reviews the structure, size and composition of the Board regularly and makes
          recommendation to the Board to complement the corporate strategy of the Company. The appointment of a new
          Director is a collective decision of the Board, taking into consideration the nomination policy (the “Nomination Policy”)
          and the board diversity policy (the “Board Diversity Policy”) formally adopted by the Board.

          The Nomination Policy provides the selection criteria of potential candidates for directorship of the Company, and the
          procedures for selection and appointment of Directors of the Company and certain significant positions of the Group. It
          is summarised below:

          –    the Board is responsible for the selection and appointment of the Directors of the Company and for the nomination
               of the Directors of the Company for election by the shareholders of the Company thereafter at regular intervals by
               rotation so as to achieve a balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to the requirements
               of the Company’s strategic focus and specific business needs. The Nomination Committee is responsible for
               evaluating and nominating candidates for approval by the Board;

          –    the Nomination Committee will assess the potential contributions the candidate shall bring to the Board, as well as
               his/her ability to discharge the responsibilities of a Director effectively, based on the following criteria:

               –     structure, size and composition of the current Board;
               –     time commitment to the Board;
               –     diversity of the Board in all its aspects as set out in the Board Diversity Policy;
               –     reputation and integrity;
               –     Board succession plan;
               –     requirements under the prevailing Listing Rules; and
               –     other factors that the Board may consider appropriate;

          –    the Nomination Committee will monitor and review the Nomination Policy regularly to ensure that it remains
               relevant to the Company’s strategic focus and specific business needs and reflects both current regulatory
               requirements and good corporate governance.

          The Board Diversity Policy is summarised below:

          –    the Company ensures that its Board has the appropriate balance of skills, breadth of experience, independence and
               objectivity, engagement and credibility, rigour and structure and diversity of perspectives of the Board required to
               support the execution of its strategic focus and specific business needs in order for the Board to be effective;

          –    the diversity of the Board and selection of candidates will be based on a range of perspectives, including gender,
               age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity, industry experience, skills, knowledge and length of service.
               The Board’s appointment should be based on meritocracy and diversity of perspectives appropriate for the
               Company’s strategic focus and specific business needs and the contribution that the selected candidates will bring
               to the Board; and

          –    the Nomination Committee will take the Board Diversity Policy into consideration in identifying and nominating
               suitable qualified candidates to become members of the Board, and shall ensure that the selected candidates shall
               have the breadth of experience, independence and objectivity, engagement and credibility, rigour and structure.

          The Board believes that changes to the Board composition shall be managed without undue disruption. The Nomination
          Committee conducts annual review of the Board skills matrix and benchmarks the structure, size and composition
          of the Board against comparable listed companies in the similar industry. It considers that the Board maintains an
          appropriate balance of skills, experience and diversity to support effective management of the Company’s business and
          operations.




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
58   Annual Report 2025
                                                                              Corporate Governance Report



   During the year 2025, the Nomination Committee reviewed the profiles of Mr. Zhang Feng, Mr. Chen Hong and
   Mr. Yu Fulin and recommended their respective appointments as Directors of the Company to the Board after taking
   into consideration the Nomination Policy and the Board Diversity Policy, to support Board succession and refreshment
   in response to the rapidly evolving business environment and adapt to emerging areas of concerns in order to achieve
   long-term objectives of the Company and promote the Company’s success.

   All Directors of the Company are appointed with a fixed term of 3 years and subject to re-election by rotation at least
   once every 3 years. The re-election of the retiring Directors of the Company is recommended by the Nomination
   Committee for the Board’s consideration and is subject to the shareholders’ approval. At the annual general meeting of
   the Company held on 27th May 2025 (the “Last AGM”), Mr. Wan Min, Mr. Zhang Feng, Mr. Tao Weidong, Mr. Tung
   Lieh Cheung Andrew, Mr. Ip Sing Chi, Mr. Chow Philip Yiu Wah and Mr. Chen Hong retired and were re-elected as
   Directors of the Company in accordance with the Listing Rules and the bye-laws of the Company (the “Bye-laws”).

5. Independence
   To foster a more proactive independent voice on the Board and uphold high corporate governance standards, an
   effective mechanism is in place to ensure independent views and input are available to the Board, with its effectiveness
   subject to the annual review by the Nomination Committee of the Company. During the year 2025, the composition of
   the Board complied with the Listing Rules requirements in having at least 3 Independent Non-Executive Directors and
   at least one-third of the Board are Independent Non-Executive Directors, with at least one of them having appropriate
   professional qualification or accounting or related financial management expertise. The Board considers that there is
   a reasonable balance between the Executive Directors and the Non-Executive Directors (including the Independent
   Non-Executive Directors), and it has provided adequate checks and balances for safeguarding the interests of the
   Company and its shareholders.

   All Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company are financially independent from the Group. The Company
   has received from each Independent Non-Executive Director an annual confirmation of his/her independence with
   reference to the independence factors set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and considers that all the Independent
   Non-Executive Directors have satisfied their independence to the Group up to the date of this annual report. Each
   Independent Non-Executive Director is also required to inform the Company and the Stock Exchange as soon as
   practicable if there is any change of circumstances which may affect his/her independence.

   Mr. Chow Philip Yiu Wah has been designated as the Lead Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company with
   effect from 13th March 2025. Being the Lead Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company, Mr. Chow serves
   on more than half of the Board committees and he is the Chairman of the Audit Committee and the Remuneration
   Committee of the Company. He conveys feedback from other Independent Non-Executive Directors to the Board
   from time to time. During the year 2025, Mr. Chow attended all 3 general meetings and was available to shareholders
   for questions and discussions at those meetings. He also served as the chairman of the ad-hoc Independent Board
   Committees for advising the independent shareholders of the Company on (i) the major and connected transaction
   regarding construction of fourteen 18,500 TEU class container vessels, and (ii) the continuing connected transactions
   contemplated under certain new master agreements during the year 2025.




                                                                                 Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025      59
Corporate Governance Report



          Our Independent Non-Executive Directors constitute the majority of the members in more than half of the Board
          committees of the Company. Their engagement ensures essential independent oversight and enriches the Group’s
          strategic direction and policies through their diversified expertise, seasoned judgement and a breadth of experience and
          skills. Independence weighting in Board committees as at the date of this annual report is set out below:


          Audit Committee                                                        100%

          Remuneration
          Committee                                            66.67%                                              33.33%

          Nomination                                           66.66%                                   16.67%              16.67%
          Committee

          Risk Committee                  25%                                    50%                                   25%

          Strategic
          Development                                          60%                                               40%
          Committee
          Sustainability                                       62.5%                            12.5%                  25%
          Committee

                                          Executive Director     Non-Executive Director   Independent Non-Executive Director



          All Directors, including the Independent Non-Executive Directors, are encouraged to express their views and voice their
          concerns for constructive discussions and debates, and they are requested to declare interests, if any, in proposals or
          transactions to be considered by the Board at Board meetings and the Director who has material interest shall abstain
          from voting to avoid conflict of interests in accordance with the CG Code. The Chairman of the Board holds meetings
          with the Independent Non-Executive Directors at least annually, using an open agenda to enable independent oversight
          and constructive challenge on matters of interest to the Group.

          Ms. Chen Ying, an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company who will retire and offer for re-election at the
          Company’s annual general meeting to be held in 2026, holds cross-directorship with Mr. Tao Weidong, an Executive
          Director of the Company, in both the Company and COSCO SHIPPING Lines Co., Ltd. (“COSCO SHIPPING Lines”, a
          company that engages in competing business with the Group). Given that Ms. Chen is an external director of COSCO
          SHIPPING Lines and does not hold any share in the Company and COSCO SHIPPING Lines, the Board considers that
          such cross-directorship and Ms. Chen’s interest in competing business solely arising from her directorship would not
          undermine her independence as an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company.




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
60   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                   Corporate Governance Report



      6. Diversity
           The Board Diversity Policy has introduced a broad spectrum of competencies, perspectives and experience to the Board,
           which drives long-term value creation and sustainable development of the Group.

           The diversity profile of the Board as at the date of this annual report is set out below:



                                     Capacity                                                          Gender



                                                                                                 16.67%
                                                      25%


                         41.67%




                                                 33.33%                                                             83.33%




                     Executive Director        Non-Executive Director                                 Male          Female
                     Independent Non-Executive Director




                                                      51-60                                   61-70                              71 or above
Age
                                               6 Directors (50%)                       2 Directors (16.67%)                  4 Directors (33.33%)

                                  Less than 3 years                                            3-8 years                                   9 years or above
Length of Service
                                4 Directors (33.33%)                                        6 Directors (50%)                           2 Directors (16.67%)

Directorship at                                                          0-1                                                         2-3               4-5
other listed
companies                                                                                                                                         1 Director
                                                                   9 Directors (75%)                                         2 Directors (16.67%) (8.33%)

                                                             Legal                                           Engineer
Professional         Certified Public Accountant          Professional
qualification
                              2 Directors                   1 Director                                       5 Directors




                                                                                                        Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025                  61
Corporate Governance Report



          As at 31st December 2025, the Board achieved all the measurable objectives as set out in the Board Diversity Policy and
          the female representation at Board level was about 16.67% (i.e. 2 females out of 12 Directors). The Board has not set any
          target or timeline to enhance its gender diversity.

          The Directors of the Company possess a comprehensive range of skills and experience and its current composition is
          adequate and aligned with the Company’s business needs and objectives. The table below illustrates the skill matrix
          of the Board and explains how each area of expertise attributes to the Company’s strategy, governance and long-term
          growth.

           Skill and competency                Board proportion
           (ranked by importance)              (and composition)                      Relevance to the Company
           1.    Shipping operation and        7 Directors (58.33%)                   Facilitating the effective management of the
                 management                        3          3     1                 Company’s core business and operations,
                                                                                      and reinforcing the Company’s direction

           2.    Leadership experience         11 Directors (91.67%)                  Providing strategic insights and facilitating
                 with other listed                 3           4            4         good practices as a listed company
                 company(ies)

           3.    Finance and accounting        4 Directors (33.33%)                   Bringing oversight in the Company’s financial
                                                  2     2                             performance and capital management

           4.    Engineering and               5 Directors (41.67%)                   Providing insights on the application of
                 technology                        3      1 1                         industry-specific technologies to advance
                                                                                      the Company’s core business and innovation
                                                                                      pipeline

           5.    Government and public         5 Directors (41.67%)                   Strengthening the Company’s governance
                 administration                    3      2                           framework and facilitating the Company’s
                                                                                      sound governance

           6.    Legal                         1 Director (8.33%)                     Facilitating the Company ’s governance,
                                                1                                     compliance and risk mitigation



           7.    Other industries              4 Directors (33.33%)                   Bringing different perspectives and views
                                                1      3                              to the Board


                          Executive Director      Non-Executive Director        Independent Non-Executive Director

          The Company considers that the current mix of skills and experience of the Board members is appropriate for the
          Group’s business and strategic direction. The skill matrix assists the Board in identifying strengths and areas of focus
          and supports informed decision-making in business and governance matters.




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
62   Annual Report 2025
                                                                               Corporate Governance Report



   The Board will endeavour to ensure diversity not only at Board but also at workforce level, including gender, age,
   professional background and skills. The Group is committed to a diverse workforce and inclusive working environment
   whereas the core concept of diversity is embedded in various global policies of the Group. The Group’s general
   workforce diversity policy is founded on the principles of equal opportunity and respect for the individual, and is
   summarised as follows:

   –    the Group is committed to being an equal opportunity employer and embraces diversity in all its forms.
        All employment decisions, including recruitment, selection and evaluation are based on candidates’ merit,
        qualifications, competencies and the specific requirements of the position; and

   –    the Group is dedicated to maintaining a workplace free from discrimination, where every individual is treated with
        fairness and respect regardless of race, gender, age, or any other characteristic not pertinent to job performance.

   Given the globally distributed nature of the Group’s business and operations, the Group does not specify measurable
   objectives for achieving diversity in workforce. Gender diversities at (i) senior management level, and (ii) workforce
   level (excluding the senior management of the Group) are disclosed on page 27 of this annual report.

7. Time Commitments and Contributions
   a.   Time Commitments
        All Directors should ensure that sufficient time and attention are given to the Company’s affairs. The expected level
        of each Director’s time commitment based on their specific roles in the Board and Board committees have been set
        out in their letters of appointment, which may vary for different positions as they served.

        Each Director shall, at the time of his/her appointment and semi-annually thereafter, disclose to the Company
        the offices held by such Director in other public companies and organisations, and any other significant external
        commitments, with an indication of time involved. As at the date of this annual report, none of the Directors of the
        Company holds more than six directorships in listed companies including the Company.

        The Nomination Committee reviews the time commitments and contributions of the Directors annually. Members
        of the Nomination Committee abstain from participating in discussions concerning their own individual
        performance during the review. As at the date of this annual report, the Nomination Committee reviewed and
        considered that there were adequate Directors’ time commitment and all Directors discharged their responsibilities
        effectively during the year 2025, particularly through the following aspects:

        –    active involvement of the Executive Directors in daily operations and approvals of major business projects via
             the Executive Committee;

        –    proactive engagement of all Directors (including Non-Executive Directors and Independent Non-Executive
             Directors) in the Company’s affairs by making enquiries on both the latest industry development and the
             Company’s business updates from time to time;

        –    considerable attendance and active participation of all Directors at all Board and relevant Board committee
             meetings and the general meetings of the Company during the year 2025, where each Director had made
             comments and suggestions on the matters concerned and involved in the substantive discussion at the
             meetings;

        –    the diversified Directors’ skills and experience which effectively drives the business development of the
             Company in multiple dimensions; and

        –    active participation in continuous professional development of all Directors, demonstrating their
             commitments to professional growth which ensure timely awareness of the latest industry dynamics and
             business updates.

        All Directors have confirmed that they gave sufficient time and attention to the affairs of the Company in 2025
        based on their respective experience, professional qualifications and capabilities.




                                                                                  Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025      63
Corporate Governance Report



          b.   Board Performance Evaluation
               The Company is firmly committed to high standards of corporate governance. In order to assess the effectiveness
               of the Board and drive continuous improvement, an internal evaluation of the Board’s performance is conducted
               annually by way of a questionnaire completed by each Director. This evaluation covers, among other areas, Board
               composition and diversity, processes and procedures, time commitment and continuous professional development.
               Directors are also invited to provide qualitative feedback and suggestions to enhance Board effectiveness.

               To preserve confidentiality and encourage candid feedback, responses are aggregated and anonymised, with
               no attribution of comments or ratings to individual Directors. The results and the corresponding analysis and
               action plans formulated are reviewed by the Independent Non-Executive Director members of the Nomination
               Committee and reported to the Board. The Company, including the Board, refers to the performance evaluation
               to inform ongoing succession planning, training priorities and process enhancements to sustain high standards of
               corporate governance.

               Evaluation for the year ended 31st December 2024 was conducted in the first quarter of 2025. The results indicated
               that the Board fully fulfilled its duties by jointly leading and monitoring the Company’s affairs with dedication of
               sufficient time and attention in 2024. Acting on the recommendation arising from such evaluation, the Company
               convened a dedicated symposium in 2025 to deliberate on a broad range of matters directly or indirectly related to
               the shipping industry. This initiative further enhanced communication and alignment among Board members, as
               well as between the Board and the senior management of the Group.

               Based on the evaluation results for the year ended 31st December 2025, the Directors are satisfied with the
               Board’s performance in year 2025. By leveraging a diverse mix of skills and experience and devoting sufficient
               time and attention, the Board effectively discharged its duties and responsibilities and provided sound leadership
               and oversight of the Company’s affairs. To further enhance the decision-making and to keep abreast of the latest
               business developments, the Board agreed on the action plans that the senior management of the Group should
               continue to provide the Board with timely and sufficient information on the Company’s performance, financial
               position and progress so as to enable the Board to respond effectively and efficiently to evolving challenges and
               emerging trends.

     8. Induction and Continuous Professional Development
          Newly appointed Director of the Company receives a comprehensive induction pack at the time of his/her appointment
          to ensure understanding of his/her responsibilities and obligations as a director under the Listing Rules and the relevant
          regulatory requirements, his/her specific roles and duties at the Board and relevant Board committees of the Company
          and the Group’s corporate governance practices and business operations.

          Mr. Zhang Feng, Mr. Chen Hong and Mr. Yu Fulin, who were all appointed during the year 2025, had obtained legal
          advice referred to in Rule 3.09D of the Listing Rules from a firm of solicitors qualified to advise on Hong Kong law on
          15th April 2025, 2nd May 2025 and 8th December 2025 respectively, and all of them confirmed that they understood
          their obligations as a Director of the Company.

          Mr. Yu Fulin, being a first-time director with no prior experience of serving as a director of a company listed on the
          Main Board or GEM of the Stock Exchange or any other stock exchange (as defined under Rule 3.09H of the Listing
          Rules), is required to complete no less than 24 hours of continuous professional development within 18 months of the
          date of his appointment. As at the date of this annual report, Mr. Yu has fulfilled the aforesaid training requirement.




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
64   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                                   Corporate Governance Report



The Directors are committed to participating in continuous professional development programme to develop and
refresh their knowledge and skills to help ensure that their contribution to the Board remains informed and relevant.
The Company’s programme for continuous professional development of Directors may take various forms, including but
not limited to:

•        the Company briefing Directors on important issues which have a material impact on the Group’s business,
         financial and operational matters, including major investments, corporate governance practices and funding
         strategies;

•        Directors meeting with senior management of the Group on issues specific to the Group’s business;

•        Directors reading materials and updates on the regulatory changes followed by briefings by the Company Secretary
         of the Company, if requested; and

•        Directors attending seminars, briefings and visits on business, financial, governance, regulatory and other issues
         relevant to the Group’s activities.

All the Directors of the Company participated in continuous professional development programme in the year 2025 to
support their on-going effectiveness and ensure timely awareness of regulatory, governance and business developments.
Details of training records are as follows:


                                                                                                           Training Topics
                                                                                 (with indication of modes, hours and providers of the training (Note 1) )

                                                                                              Corporate
                                                                                              governance and                                                     Technology
                                                                        Regulatory            environmental,         Risk                                        development
                                   Total                                compliance            social and             management             Industry and         and
                                   training         Board and           and relevant          governance             and internal           business             information
                                   hours (Note 2)   Directors’ duties   updates               (“ESG”)                control                updates              security

Executive Directors
Mr. Wan Min                        32               E (14)              E (14)                E (18.5)                E (9)                  E (4)               E (4)
                                                    S (3.5 – external   S (3.5 – external     S (4.5 – external       I (3.5)                I (3.5)             S (2 – internal
                                                        materials)          materials)            materials)          S (0.5 – external      S (1.5 – external      materials)
                                                                                                                          materials)             materials)
Mr. Zhang Feng (Note 3)            37               E (17)              E (17)                E (21.5)                E (13)                 E (4)               E (4)
                                                    S (7 – internal     S (6 – internal       S (7 – internal         I (3.5)                I (3.5)             S (1.5 – internal
                                                        and external        and external          and external        S (2 – external        S (1.5 – external      materials)
                                                        materials)          materials)            materials)              materials)             materials)
Mr. Tao Weidong                    33.5             E (14)              E (14)                E (18.5)                E (9)                  E (4)               E (4)
                                                    S (5 – external     S (5 – external       S (6 – external         I (3.5)                I (3.5)             S (2 – internal
                                                        materials)          materials)            materials)          S (2 – external        S (1.5 – external      materials)
                                                                                                                          materials)             materials)
Mr. Chen Yangfan (Notes 4 and 9)   0.5              –                   –                     –                      –                      –                    S (0.5 – internal
                                                                                                                                                                    materials)




                                                                                                                         Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025                        65
Corporate Governance Report




                                                                                                                          Training Topics
                                                                                                (with indication of modes, hours and providers of the training (Note 1) )

                                                                                                                Corporate
                                                                                                                governance and                                                  Technology
                                                                                    Regulatory                  environmental,      Risk                                        development
                                           Total                                    compliance                  social and          management             Industry and         and
                                           training         Board and               and relevant                governance          and internal           business             information
                                           hours (Note 2)   Directors’ duties       updates                     (“ESG”)             control                updates              security

          Non-Executive Directors
          Mr. Tung Lieh Cheung Andrew      16.5                 E (3)                   E (3)                   E (7.5)              S (0.5 – external      E (4)               E (4)
                                                                S (3.5 – external       S (2.5 – external       S (3.5 – external        materials)         S (1.5 – external   S (2 – internal
                                                                   materials)              materials)              materials)                                   materials)         materials)
          Mr. Yu Fulin (Note 5)            31                   E (4.5)                 E (6)                   E (14)               E (1.5)                E (4)               E (4)
                                                                S (7 – internal         S (4 – internal         S (9 – internal      S (2 – external        S (1.5 – external
                                                                   and external            and external            and external          materials)             materials)
                                                                   materials)              materials)              materials)
          Ms. Wang Dan                     16.5                 E (3)                   E (3)                   E (7.5)              S (0.5 – external      E (4)               E (4)
                                                                S (3.5 – external       S (2.5 – external       S (3.5 – external        materials)         S (1.5 – external   S (2 – internal
                                                                   materials)              materials)              materials)                                   materials)         materials)
          Mr. Ip Sing Chi                  45.5                 E (4)                   E (4)                   E (26.5)             E (1)                  E (4)               E (7)
                                                                S (5.5 – external       S (3.5 – external       S (8 – external      I (3.5)                I (3.5)             S (2 – internal
                                                                   materials)              materials)              materials)        S (2 – external        S (1.5 – external      and external
                                                                                                                                         materials)             materials)         materials)
          Mr. Gu Jinshan (Notes 6 and 9)   7                    S (2.5 – external       S (1.5 – external       E (2)                S (0.5 – external     –                    S (2 – internal
                                                                   materials)              materials)           S (2.5 – external        materials)                                materials)
                                                                                                                   materials)

          Independent Non-Executive Directors
          Mr. Chow Philip Yiu Wah           20                  E (3)                   E (3)                   E (7.5)              I (3.5)                E (4)               E (4)
                                                                S (3.5 – external       S (2.5 – external       S (3.5 – external    S (0.5 – external      I (3.5)             S (2 – internal
                                                                   materials)              materials)              materials)            materials)         S (1.5 – external      materials)
                                                                                                                                                                materials)
          Dr. Chung Shui Ming Timpson      20                   E (3)                   E (3)                   E (7.5)              I (3.5)                E (4)               E (4)
                                                                S (3.5 – external       S (2.5 – external       S (3.5 – external    S (0.5 – external      I (3.5)             S (2 – internal
                                                                   materials)              materials)              materials)            materials)         S (1.5 – external      materials)
                                                                                                                                                                materials)
          Mr. Yang Liang Yee Philip        23                   E (4)                   E (4)                   E (8.5)              E (1)                  E (5)               E (4)
                                                                S (3.5 – external       S (2.5 – external       S (4 – external      I (3.5)                I (3.5)             S (2 – internal
                                                                   materials)              materials)              materials)        S (1 – external        S (1.5 – external      materials)
                                                                                                                                         materials)             materials)
          Ms. Chen Ying                    24                   E (7)                   E (7)                   E (11.5)             I (3.5)                E (4)               E (4)
                                                                S (3.5 – external       S (2.5 – external       S (3.5 – external    S (0.5 – external      I (3.5)             S (2 – internal
                                                                   materials)              materials)              materials)            materials)         S (1.5 – external      materials)
                                                                                                                                                                materials)
          Mr. Chen Hong (Note 7)           17.5                 E (3)                   E (3)                   E (7.5)              S (0.5 – external      E (4)               E (4)
                                                                S (5.5 – internal       S (4.5 – internal       S (5.5 – internal        materials)         S (1.5 – external   S (1 – internal
                                                                   and external            and external            and external                                 materials)         materials)
                                                                   materials)              materials)              materials)
          Mr. So Gregory Kam Leung         10.5                 S (2.5 -external        S (1.5 -external        E (2)                I (3.5)                 I (3.5)            S (2 – internal
            (Notes 8 and 9)
                                                                   materials)              materials)           S (2.5 – external    S (0.5 – external                             materials)
                                                                                                                   materials)            materials)


                                                            E     External          I      Internal         S     Self-study (internal and/or external materials)




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
66   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                          Corporate Governance Report



   Notes:
   1.    Director’s training can take various modes and are indicated as follows:
         (a) External: attending seminars, briefings and courses organised by the regulatory bodies or relevant associations such as The Stock
               Exchange of Hong Kong, The Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute and Hong Kong Accounting and Financial Reporting
               Council.
         (b) Internal: attending symposiums, briefings and visits organised by the Company.
         (c) Self-study: reading materials provided by the Company or published by the regulatory bodies or relevant associations.
   2.    Trainings taken may cover various topics. The total training hours only count the same training once.
   3.    Appointed as an Executive Director of the Company with effect from 16th April 2025.
   4.    Resigned as an Executive Director of the Company with effect from 16th April 2025.
   5.    Appointed as a Non-Executive Director of the Company with effect from 12th December 2025.
   6.    Resigned as a Non-Executive Director of the Company with effect from 10th December 2025.
   7.    Appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company with effect from 9th May 2025.
   8.    Passed away on 13th December 2025.
   9.    The relevant training records are up to the cessation dates of their appointments and are based on the information available to the
         Company only.


   Mr. Xiao Junguang, the Company Secretary of the Company, undertook no less than 15 hours of professional training in
   the year 2025 to update his professional skills and knowledge.

9. Board Meetings
   Regular Board meetings are scheduled at the end of each preceding year to maximise the attendance of Directors. The
   Board meets at least 4 times each year and has a formal schedule of matters referred to it for consideration and decision.
   Additional meetings may be convened as and when necessary. Notice of at least 14 days is served for regular Board
   meetings and reasonable notice is given for all other Board meetings. Directors are consulted and provided with an
   opportunity to include matters in the agenda for discussion at the Board meetings. The Company Secretary assists the
   Chairman in preparing the agenda for each Board meeting and ensures that the procedures and applicable rules and
   regulations regarding the meetings are observed. The final agenda together with the Board papers are distributed to the
   Directors at least 3 days before the Board meetings.

   If a Director or a substantial shareholder of the Company has a conflict of interest in any matter to be considered by
   the Board, the Company Secretary shall ensure that such matter is dealt with by a physical Board meeting rather than
   a written resolution. If considered appropriate, the Board meeting shall be attended by the Independent Non-Executive
   Directors who have no material interests in the matter. The Director(s) concerned shall abstain from voting on any
   such resolution in which they or any of their associates have a material interest and shall not be counted in the quorum
   present at that Board meeting.

   Matters considered and decisions reached at the Board or Board committees meetings, including any concerns raised by
   the members or dissenting views expressed, are properly recorded in minutes in sufficient detail. Draft minutes of Board
   or Board committees are circulated to the relevant members for comments within a reasonable time and the signed
   minutes are available for inspection by all Directors.

   Supply of and Access to Information
   All Directors and/or members of the Board Committees have access to the relevant Board and Board committee
   papers and other materials (if applicable) either from the Company Secretary or the Chairman or the Chief Executive
   Officer so that they are able to make informed decisions on matters placed before them. Directors can access meeting
   materials and the signed minutes of the Board and the Board committee meetings, and training materials and reference
   documents provided by the Company through an electronic platform, which ensures timely and secure delivery of
   information to the Board and Board committee members. Periodic financial reports and operational updates are also
   provided to all Directors to enable them to keep abreast of the latest business dynamics of the Group.




                                                                                             Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                               Annual Report 2025          67
Corporate Governance Report



          Effective communication between the Board and the senior management of the Group is maintained through open
          dialogues and proactive engagement. The Board receives regular updates on the Group’s performance and outlook
          during the Board meetings. The Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, and the Chief
          Operating Officer of the Group’s principal subsidiary, as representatives of the senior management of the Group, attend
          Board meetings to address any queries from the Directors. The Directors are also able to independently access the senior
          management for further information.

          The Company Secretary of the Company provides the Directors with updates on developments regarding the Listing
          Rules and other applicable regulatory requirements from time to time. Any Director of the Company may request
          the Company Secretary to arrange independent professional advice at the expense of the Company to assist them to
          effectively discharge their duties to the Company.

     10. Board Committees
          In addition to the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee established
          in compliance with the Listing Rules, the other 6 committees of the Company are the Executive Committee, the
          Compliance Committee, the Inside Information Committee, the Risk Committee, the Strategic Development Committee
          and the Sustainability Committee. Each committee has its own well-defined scope of duties and terms of reference. The
          terms of reference of the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee are posted
          on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange. The Company Secretary shall make available the terms of
          reference of the committees to the shareholders of the Company upon their written request.

          Each Board committee is empowered to make decisions on matters within the terms of reference of such committee. The
          updates on key matters considered by each of the committees and the decisions reached would be reported to the Board.
          Members of the respective committees and the Directors of the Company have access to the minutes of the relevant
          committees.

          a.   Executive Committee
               The Executive Committee was established in 1996 and its members are the Executive Directors of the Company.
               As at the date of this annual report, the Executive Committee is comprised of Mr. Wan Min (chairman of the
               Executive Committee), Mr. Zhang Feng (appointed as a member of the Executive Committee with effect from
               16th April 2025) and Mr. Tao Weidong, and Mr. Xiao Junguang is the secretary.

               The Executive Committee operates as an executive management committee under the direct authority of the Board.
               Its primary duties include to:

               –     formulate strategies and policies and to set corporate and management targets and operational initiatives and
                     policies on risk management, and plans and operational directions for the Group;

               –     monitor, control and manage operational and financial performance and business affairs of the Group;

               –     review the disclosure of the Company required under the Listing Rules, regulatory or statutory requirements
                     and recommend to the Board for consideration and approval, if appropriate;

               –     approve capital expenditure of a specified amount;

               –     review, discuss and approve, if appropriate, major or unbudgeted asset acquisitions or disposals; major or
                     unbudgeted mergers and/or acquisitions by the business units of the Group’s principal subsidiary; and setting
                     up of major or unbudgeted joint-ventures and partnerships with a company not currently controlled and
                     managed by the Group;

               –     consider and evaluate the share transactions of the Company, including but not limited to share repurchase
                     (whether on-market or off-market and whether by exercise of repurchase mandates), issue of bonus shares,
                     scrip dividend scheme, top-up placing, share subscription and placement of the Company’s shares;




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
68   Annual Report 2025
                                                                             Corporate Governance Report



     –    review (i) the removal of the ordinary shares of the Company from the principal register in Bermuda to
          the branch register in Hong Kong or vice versa, at the request of shareholders; and (ii) the issuance of
          share certificates to the shareholders who have reported the loss of the Company’s share certificates and in
          connection with the share transactions referred above;

     –    liaise and consult with, advise and make recommendations to its subsidiaries and make such decisions with
          regard thereto as the Executive Committee shall in its absolute discretion think fit, and refer such matters as it
          thinks fit to the Board for consideration, approval and/or ratification, if necessary; and to

     –    report to the Board on its decisions, and any matter in respect of which it considers that action is needed, and
          its recommendations as to the steps to be taken.

b.   Audit Committee
     The Audit Committee was established in 1992 and its members are the Independent Non-Executive Directors of
     the Company. As at the date of this annual report, the Audit Committee is comprised of Mr. Chow Philip Yiu Wah
     (chairman of the Audit Committee), Dr. Chung Shui Ming Timpson, Mr. Yang Liang Yee Philip and Ms. Chen Ying.
     Ms. Lai Yuen Ying Vivian, the Head of Internal Audit Department, is the secretary and Mr. Xiao Junguang is the
     assistant secretary.

     The Audit Committee is delegated by the Board with the responsibility to provide an independent review and
     supervision of financial reporting and to ensure the effectiveness of the Group’s risk management and internal
     control systems and the adequacy of the external and internal audit. To perform its duties, the Audit Committee
     is provided with sufficient resources and is supported by the Internal Audit Department to examine all matters
     relating to the Group’s adopted accounting principles and practices and to review all material financial, operational
     and compliance controls.

     The primary duties of the Audit Committee include to:

     –    recommend to the Board the appointment, re-appointment and removal of the external auditor, and to
          approve the remuneration and the terms of engagement of the external auditor, and any question of its
          resignation or dismissal;

     –    act as the key representative body overseeing the Company’s relation with the external auditor;

     –    seek from the external auditor, on an annual basis, information about policies and processes for maintaining
          independence and monitoring compliance with the relevant requirements, including provision of non-audit
          services and requirements regarding rotation of audit partners and staff;

     –    discuss with the external auditor any recommendation arising from the audit, and to review the external
          auditor’s management letter and any material query raised by the external auditor to management about
          accounting records, financial statements or systems of control and management’s response, and to ensure that
          the Board will provide timely response to the issues raised in the external auditor’s management letter;

     –    establish and review from time to time the procedure to review and monitor the external auditor’s
          independence and objectivity, and the effectiveness of the audit process in accordance with the applicable
          standards and the scope of the external auditor, and to discuss and understand the factors considered by the
          external auditor in determining the nature and scope of the audit and reporting obligations before the audit
          commences;

     –    establish and review from time to time the policy relating to hiring of employees or former employees of the
          external auditor and monitor the application of such policy, and to consider whether as a result of such hiring
          there has been any impairment of the auditor’s judgment or independence in respect of the audit;




                                                                                Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025      69
Corporate Governance Report



               –     establish and review from time to time the policy on engaging external auditor to supply non-audit services
                     and to review such services do not impair the external auditor’s independence or objectivity in relation to
                     non-audit services including whether the skills and experience of the external auditor make it a suitable
                     supplier of non-audit services; whether there are safeguards in place to ensure that there is no threat to the
                     objectivity and independence of the audit because the external auditor provides non-audit services; and
                     the nature of non-audit services, the related fee levels and fee levels individually and in total relative to the
                     external auditor;

               –     review the Group’s financial and accounting policies and practices;

               –     monitor the integrity of the Company’s financial statements, annual, quarterly (if prepared for publication)
                     and interim financial reports and to review any significant financial reporting judgment and estimation
                     contained in them, with particular focus on changes in accounting policies and practices, major judgmental
                     areas, any significant audit adjustment, the going concern assumption and any qualification, compliance
                     with any applicable legal requirement and accounting standard, and compliance with the requirements of the
                     Listing Rules and other legal requirements in relation to financial reporting;

               –     consider any significant or unusual item that is, or may need to be, reflected in the report and financial
                     statements and to give due consideration to any matter that has been raised by the Financial Compliance
                     Officer of the Company, the external auditor, the Head of Internal Audit Department or the staff responsible
                     for the accounting and financial reporting function;

               –     review with the Group’s management, the external auditor and the internal auditor, the adequacy of the
                     Group’s policies and procedures regarding internal control system (including financial, operational and
                     compliance controls) to ensure that such system is effective with audit trails to protect the accuracy and
                     integrity of financial data and to pursue relevant enquiries into matters having, or likely to have, a material
                     effect on the business and financial conditions of the Group. The result of the review is to be reported in the
                     Corporate Governance Report of the Company, including a Directors’ statement that they have conducted a
                     review of its internal control system;

               –     provide an independent review on the effectiveness of the risk management system including the risk
                     management framework, policies and processes;

               –     discuss with management the scope and quality of the risk management and internal control systems and to
                     ensure that management has performed its duty to have effective systems including the adequacy of resources,
                     staff qualifications and experience, training programmes and budget and experience of staff of the accounting,
                     internal audit and financial reporting functions;

               –     review findings of internal investigation and management’s response of any suspected fraud or irregularity or
                     failure of risk management and internal control or infringement of laws, rules and regulations;

               –     review the scope and effectiveness of the internal audit functions and to review the results of the internal audit
                     functions regularly with the internal auditor matters including planning of the Audit Committee meetings
                     and, if required by the internal auditor, the internal audit programme; and to ensure co-ordination between
                     the internal and external auditors and that the internal audit function is adequately resourced and has
                     appropriate standing within the Company and to review and monitor its effectiveness;

               –     review the effectiveness and monitor the use of the whistleblowing policy and procedures for employees to
                     raise concerns, in confidence, to the Audit Committee about improprieties in financial reporting, internal
                     control and other matters; and to ensure that proper arrangements are in place for fair and independent
                     investigation of these improprieties and for appropriate follow-up action;

               –     report to the Board on the matters raised in the SEHK Code; and to

               –     report to the Board, identifying and making recommendations on any matter where action or improvement is
                     needed and to consider other topics identified and referred to the Audit Committee by the Board.



     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
70   Annual Report 2025
                                                                       Corporate Governance Report



Under the Group’s whistleblowing policy, employees may report any concern regarding accounting, internal
accounting controls and auditing matters to the Audit Committee without fear of dismissal or retaliation, in order
to ensure that the Group complies with all the applicable laws and regulations, accounting standards, accounting
controls and audit practices. The Audit Committee will review each complaint, the investigations and the follow-up
actions, including disciplinary actions, by management on substantiated cases.

During the year 2025, the Audit Committee passed resolutions by way of meeting and written resolution, and the
work performed is summarised as follows:

(i)     reviewed and discussed the annual financial statements for 2024 and the interim financial statements for
        2025 with the external auditor and management of the Company, with recommendations to the Board for
        approval;

(ii)    reviewed the significant audit and accounting issues arising from the external auditor’s statutory audit
        of the 2024 annual financial statements and issues arising from the review of the 2025 interim financial
        statements;

(iii)   reviewed the impact of the new and revised accounting standards and any significant changes in accounting
        judgement and estimation on the Company;

(iv)    reviewed the external auditor’s audit strategy and approach;

(v)     reviewed the non-audit services provided by the external auditor in 2024;

(vi)    considered and recommended the proposed appointment of new external auditor for year 2025 to the Board
        for consideration;

(vii)   met with the external auditor without the presence of management to discuss issues from the audits and any
        other matters the external auditor might raise;

(viii) reviewed the Internal Audit Department’s audit objectives and approved the annual internal audit plan;

(ix)    reviewed the findings and recommendations of the Internal Audit Department on the audits carried out on
        the principal activities of the Group and their internal control implementation status by management;

(x)     reviewed the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems;

(xi)    reviewed the relevant sections in the Corporate Governance Report for the year ended 31st December 2024
        concerning the Audit Committee;

(xii)   reviewed the adequacy of the resources, staff qualifications and experience, training programmes and
        budget and experience of staff of the Company’s accounting, internal audit and financial reporting
        functions;

(xiii) reviewed the continuing connected transactions and their annual caps; and

(xiv)   reviewed the continuous implementation of the whistleblowing policy.




                                                                         Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                           Annual Report 2025      71
Corporate Governance Report



          c.   Remuneration Committee
               The Remuneration Committee was established in 2005. As at the date of this annual report, the Remuneration
               Committee is comprised of Mr. Chow Philip Yiu Wah (chairman of the Remuneration Committee),
               Mr. Zhang Feng (appointed as a member of the Remuneration Committee with effect from 16th April 2025) and
               Mr. Yang Liang Yee Philip, majority of whom are the Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company, and
               Mr. Xiao Junguang is the secretary.

               The primary duties of the Remuneration Committee include to:

               –     review and recommend to the Board the Company’s policy and structure of the remuneration of the Directors
                     of the Company, senior management (including the chief executive officer of the principal subsidiary of the
                     Group) and employees of the Group, including performance-based bonus scheme on the basis that they are
                     fairly but reasonably rewarded for their individual contribution to the overall performance of the Company;

               –     establish and review a formal and transparent procedure for developing the remuneration policy;

               –     (i) review and approve the management’s remuneration proposals with reference to the Board’s corporate
                     goals and objectives, and determine the remuneration packages of individual Executive Directors of the
                     Company and senior management (including the chief executive officer of the principal subsidiary of the
                     Group); and (ii) recommend to the Board the remuneration of the Non-Executive Directors of the Company;

               –     consult the Chairman of the Board and/or the Chief Executive Officer of the Company about their
                     remuneration proposals for the other Executive Directors of the Company and senior management (including
                     the chief executive officer of the principal subsidiary of the Group);

               –     review and approve compensation payable to the Executive Directors of the Company and senior management
                     (including the chief executive officer of the principal subsidiary of the Group) for any loss or termination of
                     office to ensure that it is consistent with the contractual terms and is otherwise fair and not excessive;

               –     review and approve compensation arrangements relating to the dismissal and removal of the Directors for
                     their misconduct to ensure that they are consistent with the contractual terms and are otherwise reasonable
                     and appropriate;

               –     ensure that no Director or any of his/her associates or senior management (including the chief executive
                     officer of the principal subsidiary of the Group) is involved in deciding his/her own remuneration; and to

               –     advise the Board any matter relating to the remuneration and reward of the Executive Directors of the
                     Company or senior management (including the chief executive officer of the principal subsidiary of the
                     Group) or employees of the Group, including but not limited to matters relating to share incentive plans or
                     share option schemes (if any).

               During the year 2025, the Remuneration Committee passed resolutions by way of meeting and written resolution,
               and the work performed is summarised as follows:

               (i)   reviewed the Company’s remuneration policy and structure for the Directors of the Company, and the senior
                     management and employees of the Group, and ensured compliance with the Listing Rules and in line with
                     recommended best practices;

               (ii) reviewed the procedure for developing the Company’s remuneration policy;

               (iii) recommended to authorise the Board to fix the Directors’ remuneration at the Last AGM;

               (iv) reviewed the discretionary management bonus of the Executive Directors of the Company, and the senior
                    management and employees of the Group for year 2024;




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
72   Annual Report 2025
                                                                           Corporate Governance Report



     (v) reviewed the global general salary adjustment of the employees of the Group for year 2025; and

     (vi) reviewed and recommended to the Board or determined with delegated responsibilities, as the case may be,
          in accordance with the terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee, the remuneration packages of
          the Directors of the Company and the senior management of the Group for year 2025, the remuneration of
          the new Directors of the Company, and the adjustments to the remuneration of the relevant Directors of the
          Company as a result of their respective changes in positions at the Company, if appropriate.

d.   Nomination Committee
     The Nomination Committee was established in 2012. As at the date of this annual report, the Nomination
     Committee is comprised of Mr. Wan Min (chairman of the Nomination Committee), Mr. Yu Fulin (appointed
     as a member of the Nomination Committee with effect from 12th December 2025), Mr. Chow Philip Yiu Wah,
     Dr. Chung Shui Ming Timpson, Mr. Yang Liang Yee Philip and Ms. Chen Ying, majority of whom are the
     Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company, and Mr. Xiao Junguang is the secretary.

     The primary duties of the Nomination Committee include to:

     –   review the Nomination Policy and recommend to the Board on the selection criteria of the potential
         candidates for the directorship of the Company;

     –   review and report annually to the Board the implementation and effectiveness of mechanism to ensure
         independent views and input are available to the Board;

     –   review and recommend to the Board the succession plan to ensure the stability of the Board to complement
         the Company’s corporate strategy;

     –   review and report annually against any measurable objectives set for the implementation of the Board
         Diversity Policy and the Nomination Policy, and progress (if relevant);

     –   review and report to the Board annually the implementation and effectiveness of the Board Diversity Policy,
         including review of the structure, size and composition (including gender, age, cultural and education
         background, ethnicity, skills, knowledge, industry experience and length of service) of the Board, assist the
         Board in maintaining a board skills matrix, and make recommendations on any proposed change to the Board
         to complement the Company’s corporate strategy;

     –   receive from the Board referral of suitable qualified candidate for it to assess if the potential candidate
         meets the selection criteria, which shall be based on the Nomination Policy and the Board Diversity Policy
         appropriate for the Company’s strategic focus and specific business needs; assess and recommend to the Board
         for approval the nomination of a selected candidate as a director of the Company either to fill a casual vacancy
         or as an addition to the existing Board and/or a member of any Board committee of the Company;

     –   review and recommend to the Board the appointment, re-appointment or re-election of Directors and
         succession plan for the Directors to maintain a balance of skills, knowledge, experience and diversity of
         perspectives of the Board;

     –   assess and report to the Board the qualifications of any person proposed by a shareholder of the Company for
         election as a director of the Company to ensure compliance with the Nomination Policy and the requirements
         as provided in the Listing Rules are satisfied;

     –   assess the independence of the Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company;




                                                                              Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                Annual Report 2025      73
Corporate Governance Report



               –     regularly review and report to the Board each Director’s time commitment and contribution to the Board, as
                     well as the Director’s ability to discharge his/her responsibilities effectively, taking into account professional
                     qualifications and work experience, existing directorships at other listed companies in Hong Kong and other
                     significant external time commitments of such Director, as well as other factors or circumstances relevant to
                     the Director’s character, integrity, independence and experience;

               –     assess the performance of the Executive Directors of the Company and conduct a regular evaluation of the
                     Board’s performance by members of the Nomination Committee, who are the Independent Non-Executive
                     Directors of the Company, and report results of the evaluation to the Board; and to

               –     review the appointment of the chairman of the board and the chief executive officer of the principal
                     subsidiary of the Group, and report result of the review to the Board of the Company for consideration and
                     approval.

               During the year 2025, the Nomination Committee passed resolutions by way of written resolution and the work
               performed is summarised as follows:

               (i)   reviewed the Nomination Policy and its implementation, including the procedures for selection and
                     appointment of new Directors of the Company;

               (ii) reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the Board Diversity Policy, including the structure, size and
                    composition of the Board of the Company;

               (iii) assessed the independence of the Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company;

               (iv) reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the Company’s mechanism to ensure independent views and
                    input to the Board;

               (v) recommended re-election of the retiring Directors at the Last AGM;

               (vi) reviewed the contribution of the Directors of the Company for the year 2024, including other significant
                    external time commitments of each Director, and evaluated performance of the Board and assessed
                    performance of the Executive Directors of the Company by members of the Nomination Committee, who are
                    the Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company; and

               (vii) reviewed and recommended to the Board the appointment of new Directors of the Company and chairman or
                     members of the Board committees (where applicable) for Board succession and refreshment.

          e.   Risk Committee
               The Risk Committee was established in 2015. As at the date of this annual report, the Risk Committee is comprised
               of Mr. Zhang Feng (appointed as the chairman of the Risk Committee with effect from 16th April 2025),
               Mr. Tao Weidong, Mr. Tung Lieh Cheung Andrew, Mr. Yu Fulin (appointed as a member of the Risk Committee
               with effect from 12th December 2025), Ms. Wang Dan, Mr. Ip Sing Chi, Mr. Chow Philip Yiu Wah, Mr. Chen
               Hong (appointed as a member of the Risk Committee with effect from 9th May 2025), Mr. Ye Jianping Kenny,
               Mr. Xiao Junguang, who is also the secretary, and Mr. Pan Zhigang (appointed as a member of the Risk Committee
               with effect from 3rd April 2025).

               The primary duties of the Risk Committee include to:

               –     establish risk appetite, risk management strategy, and a strong and independent internal control and review
                     systems;

               –     align strategic direction and business objectives of the Group with risk appetite;




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
74   Annual Report 2025
                                                                             Corporate Governance Report



     –     oversee adequacy of the Group’s risk management policies, process and system. In pursuing the Group’s
           strategic direction and business objectives, aim to optimise risk and return;

     –     identify, assess and manage principal risks to pursue the Group’s strategic and business objective;

     –     provide direction on the importance of risk management and risk management culture; and to

     –     identify, assess and manage sustainability risks and ensure appropriate and effective risk management systems
           are in place.

     During the year 2025, the Risk Committee passed resolutions by way of meeting and the work performed is
     summarised as follows:

     (i)   reviewed and recommended to the Board the Group’s risk appetite, risk management strategy, risk
           management policies, process and system in pursuit of the Group’s strategic direction and business objectives;

     (ii) identified, reviewed, assessed and managed principal risks of the Group to pursue the Group’s strategic and
          business objectives; and

     (iii) reviewed and reported to the Board the Company’s compliance with the SEHK Code in relation to risk
           management.

f.   Compliance Committee
     The Compliance Committee was established in 2004. As at the date of this annual report, the Compliance
     Committee is comprised of Mr. Ye Jianping Kenny, Mr. Xiao Junguang (chairman of the Compliance Committee),
     Mr. Pan Zhigang (appointed as a member of the Compliance Committee with effect from 3rd April 2025),
     Ms. Lau Siu Ping Karen and Ms. Lai Yuen Ying Vivian. The Board has delegated the responsibility for monitoring
     the corporate governance compliance to the Compliance Committee.

     The primary duties of the Compliance Committee include to:

     –     review, monitor and provide administrative support on the compliance control of the Group and compliance
           of the following corporate governance functions of the Company:

           (a) on the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance and make recommendations to the
               Board;

           (b) on the training and continuous professional development of Directors of the Company and senior
               management of the Group;

           (c) on the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements;

           (d) on the development of the code of conduct and compliance manuals (if any) applicable to employees of
               the Group and Directors of the Company;

           (e) on the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and the SEHK Code;

           (f) to report the above items (a) to (e) to the Board regularly; and

           (g) to prepare (i) the Corporate Governance Report covering all mandatory disclosure requirements as set
               out in the Listing Rules; and/or (ii) information required to be disclosed by the Compliance Committee
               in the Company’s results announcements, the annual reports, the interim reports and any other
               documents, pursuant to the Listing Rules;




                                                                                  Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025      75
Corporate Governance Report



               –        review and report to the Board regularly the shareholders’ communication policy to ensure its effectiveness;
                        and to

               –        ensure the Company is in compliance with the Listing Rules including disclosure and compliance obligations
                        for matters including notifiable transactions, connected transactions, continuing connected transactions,
                        advance to an entity, financial assistance and guarantees to affiliated companies of the Company, loan
                        agreements with covenants relating to specific performance of the controlling shareholder of the Company,
                        breach of a loan agreement by the Company, disclosure of financial information pursuant to Appendix D2 to
                        the Listing Rules, disclosure obligations under ESG reporting code pursuant to Appendix C2 to the Listing
                        Rules and general obligations of disclosure under Rule 13.09 of the Listing Rules.

               During the year 2025, the Compliance Committee passed resolutions by way of written resolution and the work
               performed is summarised as follows:

               (i)        reviewed the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance, and made recommendations to the
                          Board;

               (ii)       reviewed and monitored the training and continuous professional development of Directors of the
                          Company and the senior management of the Group;

               (iii)      reviewed and monitored the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory
                          requirements, particularly on legal, financial and accounting, internal control and audit, risk management
                          and ESG-related compliance;

               (iv)       reviewed and monitored the code of conduct and compliance manuals (if any) applicable to employees of
                          the Group and Directors of the Company;

               (v)        reviewed the Company ’s compliance with the CG Code and the SEHK Code and the disclosure
                          requirements in the Corporate Governance Report;

               (vi)       reviewed the Company’s compliance with the disclosure requirements in the Sustainability Report;

               (vii)      reviewed and reported to the Board on the implementation and effectiveness of the shareholders’
                          communication policy;

               (viii)     reviewed and reported to the Board on the notifiable transactions, connected transactions and the
                          continuing connected transactions of the Group; and

               (ix)       reviewed and endorsed the amendments to CG Code and relevant documents corresponding to the
                          amendments to the Listing Rules and the SEHK Code.

          g.   Inside Information Committee
               The Inside Information Committee was established in 2013. As at the date of this annual report, the Inside
               Information Committee is comprised of Mr. Zhang Feng (appointed as the chairman of the Inside Information
               Committee with effect from 16th April 2025), Mr. Tao Weidong, Mr. Tung Lieh Cheung Andrew and Mr. Xiao
               Junguang, who is also the secretary.

               The primary duties of the Inside Information Committee include to:

               –        ensure proper systems and control are in place to collect, review and verify potential inside information;




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
76   Annual Report 2025
                                                                            Corporate Governance Report



     –   identify, assess and escalate potential inside information to the attention of the Board, and report to the Board
         on the recommendation of the Inside Information Committee, and any matter in respect of which it considers
         that action is needed, and its recommendation as to the actions to be taken and what information to be
         disclosed;

     –   vet and clear announcements or other public disclosures; and to

     –   supervise the Company’s compliance with continuing disclosure obligations.

h.   Strategic Development Committee
     The Strategic Development Committee was established in 2021. As at the date of this annual report, the Strategic
     Development Committee is comprised of Mr. Zhang Feng (appointed as the chairman of the Strategic Development
     Committee with effect from 16th April 2025), Mr. Tao Weidong, Dr. Chung Shui Ming Timpson, Mr. Yang Liang
     Yee Philip and Mr. Chen Hong (appointed as a member of the Strategic Development Committee with effect from
     9th May 2025), and Mr. Xiao Junguang is the secretary.

     The primary duties of the Strategic Development Committee include to:

     –   review and advise on the mid to long development strategies and business plans of the Group, including
         overall-strategic positioning and vision plan, operation strategies and investment strategies;

     –   study and make recommendations on the operation plan and annual budget plan of the Group;

     –   review and make recommendations on new business development of the Group (including expansion to new
         markets, launch of new businesses and research and development of new products);

     –   study and advise on the relevant issues influencing the Group’s development;

     –   review the strategic direction of the Group’s business and consider responsibilities of the Company towards
         the shareholders and the other stakeholders; and to

     –   monitor and review the implementation, and report and/or make relevant recommendations to the Board on
         the above-mentioned matters.

i.   Sustainability Committee
     The Sustainability Committee was established in 2024. As at the date of this annual report, the Sustainability
     Committee is comprised of Mr. Zhang Feng (appointed as the chairman of the Sustainability Committee with effect
     from 16th April 2025), Mr. Tao Weidong, Mr. Tung Lieh Cheung Andrew, Mr. Chow Philip Yiu Wah, Dr. Chung
     Shui Ming Timpson, Mr. Yang Liang Yee Philip, Ms. Chen Ying and Mr. Chen Hong (appointed as a member
     of the Sustainability Committee with effect from 9th May 2025). Ms. Zhou Lan, the Head of Corporate Strategy
     Development Department, is the secretary and Mr. Xiao Junguang is the assistant secretary.

     The primary duties of the Sustainability Committee include to:

     –   formulate the Group’s strategies and management approach on sustainability, which covers (i) environmental,
         (ii) social, (iii) safety, security and health, and (iv) corporate governance on sustainability;

     –   set sustainability targets of the Group; review the progress on achieving these targets;

     –   review the effectiveness of the sustainability frameworks; oversee the implementation of the Group’s
         sustainability policies and measures, and the compliance with the relevant standards, guidelines, laws and
         regulations on sustainability applicable to the Group;




                                                                               Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025      77
Corporate Governance Report



                   –      review the sustainability performance of the Group including the stakeholder engagement and the corporate
                          social responsibility; and where appropriate, recommend the strategies for improvements;

                   –      monitor and report to the Board (or relevant Board committees) (as appropriate) on the current and emerging
                          sustainability-related issues that are considered material to the Group’s business; and to

                   –      review the disclosure of the Sustainability Report pursuant to the applicable standards and the Listing
                          Rules and provide to the Compliance Committee to ensure compliance of the Company with its disclosure
                          obligations under the Listing Rules.

     11. Attendance Records of Board Meetings, Board Committee Meetings and General Meetings
          The attendance records of each Director and each member of the Board committees of the Company at the relevant
          meetings held in year 2025 are as follows:


                                                                                 Actual attendance/number of meetings a director or member is entitled to attend

                                                                                                                                                      Inside    Strategic
                                                                   Executive     Audit Remuneration Nomination Risk                     Compliance Information Development Sustainability   General
                                                   Board           Committee   Committee Committee Committee Committee                  Committee Committee Committee Committee             Meetings

           No. of meetings held in 2025               5                1          2              2              0              2              0              0        1           2              3

           Executive Directors
           Mr. Wan Min (Chairman)                   3/5              1/1          –              –             N/A             –              –             –         –           –            3/3
           Mr. Zhang Feng (Chief Executive          3/4              N/A          –             1/1             –             1/1             –            N/A       1/1         1/1           3/3
             Officer) (Note 1)
           Mr. Tao Weidong                          5/5               1/1         –              –              –             1/2             –            N/A      1/1          1/2          3/3
           Mr. Chen Yangfan (Note 2)                0/1               0/1         –             0/1             –             0/1             –            N/A      N/A          0/1          N/A

           Non-Executive Directors
           Mr. Tung Lieh Cheung Andrew               5/5               –          –              –              –            2/2              –            N/A        –          2/2          3/3
           Mr. Yu Fulin (Note 3)                    N/A                –          –              –             N/A           N/A              –             –         –           –           N/A
           Ms. Wang Dan                             2/5 (Note 4)       –          –              –              –            1/2              –             –         –           –           3/3
           Mr. Ip Sing Chi                           3/5               –          –              –              –            1/2              –             –         –           –           3/3
           Mr. Gu Jinshan (Note 5)                   3/4               –          –              –             N/A           2/2              –             –         –           –           3/3

           Independent Non-Executive Directors
           Mr. Chow Philip Yiu Wah (Lead            5/5                –         2/2            2/2            N/A            2/2             –              –        –          2/2           3/3
             Independent Non-Executive Director)
              (Note 6)

           Dr. Chung Shui Ming Timpson              5/5                –         2/2             –             N/A             –              –              –       1/1         2/2           3/3
           Mr. Yang Liang Yee Philip                5/5                –         2/2            2/2            N/A             –              –              –       1/1         2/2           3/3
           Ms. Chen Ying (Note 7)                   5/5                –         2/2             –             N/A             –              –              –        –          2/2           3/3
           Mr. Chen Hong (Note 8)                   2/3                –          –              –              –             1/1             –              –       1/1         0/1           3/3
           Mr. So Gregory Kam Leung (Note 9)        4/5                –         2/2             –              –              –              –              –       0/1          –            2/3

           Others
           Mr. Ye Jianping Kenny                      –                –          –              –              –             2/2           N/A             –         –           –         – (Note 12)
           Mr. Xiao Junguang                          –                –          –              –              –             2/2           N/A            N/A        –           –         – (Note 12)
           Mr. Pan Zhigang (Note 10)                  –                –          –              –              –             1/1           N/A             –         –           –         – (Note 12)
           Ms. Lau Siu Ping Karen                     –                –          –              –              –              –            N/A             –         –           –         – (Note 12)
           Ms. Lai Yuen Ying Vivian                   –                –          –              –              –              –            N/A             –         –           –         – (Note 12)
           Ms. Zheng Qi (Note 11)                     –                –          –              –              –             1/1           N/A             –         –           –         – (Note 12)

           Average attendance rate                 75.48%           66.67%       100%           75%            N/A          80.77%          N/A            N/A     83.33%       72.22%      97.44%




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
78   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                          Corporate Governance Report



   Notes:
   1.    Appointed as an Executive Director, the Chief Executive Officer, a member of the Executive Committee and the Remuneration
         Committee, and the chairman of the Risk Committee, the Inside Information Committee, the Strategic Development Committee and the
         Sustainability Committee of the Company with effect from 16th April 2025.
   2.    Resigned as an Executive Director and the Chief Executive Officer, and ceased as a member of the Executive Committee and the
         Remuneration Committee, and the chairman of the Risk Committee, the Inside Information Committee, the Strategic Development
         Committee and the Sustainability Committee of the Company with effect from 16th April 2025.
   3.    Appointed as a Non-Executive Director and a member of the Nomination Committee and the Risk Committee of the Company with
         effect from 12th December 2025.
   4.    For the Board meetings that Ms. Wang Dan did not attend during the year, she had considered the matters to be tabled and given voting
         instructions, and authorised the chairman of the meeting to cast votes on her behalf.
   5.    Resigned as a Non-Executive Director and ceased as a member of the Nomination Committee and the Risk Committee of the Company
         with effect from 10th December 2025.
   6.    Designated as the Lead Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company with effect from 13th March 2025.
   7.    Appointed as a member of the Nomination Committee of the Company with effect from 13th March 2025.
   8.    Appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director and a member of the Risk Committee, the Strategic Development Committee and
         the Sustainability Committee of the Company with effect from 9th May 2025.
   9.    Passed away on 13th December 2025.
   10. Appointed as the Chief Financial Officer and a member of the Risk Committee and the Compliance Committee of the Company with
         effect from 3rd April 2025.
   11. Retired as the Chief Financial Officer and ceased as a member of the Risk Committee and the Compliance Committee of the Company
         with effect from 3rd April 2025.
   12. Attended the general meetings as the Board committee members, with the majority also being the senior management of the Group.


12. Directors’ and Officers’ Liabilities Insurance
    Since 1992, the Company has arranged insurance cover for the directors’ and officers’ liabilities including cover for the
    Directors of the Company, and the directors, officers and senior management of the Group arising out of corporate
    activities of the Group.

13. Securities Transactions by Directors
    The Company has adopted its own code of conduct regarding securities transactions by Directors on terms no less
    exacting than the required standard set out in the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers
    (the “Model Code”) contained in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules.

    All Directors of the Company have confirmed, following specific enquiry by the Company, that they fully complied with
    the required standards set out in both the Company’s own code and the Model Code for the year ended 31st December
    2025.

14. Share Interests of Directors and Senior Management
    a.   Directors
         Directors’ interests in the ordinary shares of the Company are set out on pages 90 and 91 of this annual report.




                                                                                             Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                               Annual Report 2025          79
Corporate Governance Report



          b.   Senior Management (Note)
               As at 31st December 2025, the number of ordinary shares of the Company held by the senior management of the
               Group are as follows:


                 Name                                                                                    Number of ordinary shares held
                 Mr. Tao Weidong                                                                                                              –
                 Mr. Ye Jianping Kenny                                                                                                        –
                 Mr. Xiao Junguang                                                                                                            –
                 Ms. Wu Yu                                                                                                                    –
                 Mr. Xu Weiguo Michael                                                                                                        –
                 Mr. Pan Chung Ming Peter                                                                                                     –
                 Mr. Pan Zhigang                                                                                                              –
                 Ms. Cheng Jing Irene                                                                                                         –

               Note: Biographical details of Mr. Tao Weidong are set out on page 43 of this annual report and biographical details of other senior
                     management are set out on pages 49 to 50 of this annual report.


     15. Emoluments of Directors and Senior Management
          a.   Emoluments of Directors
               The Company has established a combined time-based and benchmarked approach in determining the
               remuneration levels of the Directors of the Company, which should remain sufficient to attract, motivate and retain
               the Directors. The fees payable to the Non-Executive Directors (including Independent Non-Executive Directors)
               do not involve equity-based remuneration with performance-related elements and they are subject to the annual
               review of the Board and the Remuneration Committee and shareholders’ authorisation to the Board to fix the
               Directors’ remuneration. No Directors of the Company were involved in determining their own remuneration in
               2025.

               The emoluments of the Directors of the Company for the year ended 31st December 2025 are set out in note 10(a)
               to the consolidated financial statements on pages 141 to 142 of this annual report.

          b.   Emoluments of Senior Management
               Emoluments to the senior management of the Group are determined by the Remuneration Committee in
               consultation with the Chairman and/or the Chief Executive Officer of the Company with reference to market
               terms, personal commitments, experience and such individual’s obligations and responsibilities within the Group
               (if applicable).

               The emoluments of the senior management of the Group for the year ended 31st December 2025 are set out below:


                 Emolument bands (US$)                                                                     Number of individuals in 2025

                 64,103 ~ 128,202 (HK$500,001 ~ HK$1,000,001)                                                                                  2
                 128,202 ~ 192,300 (HK$1,000,001 ~ HK$1,500,000)                                                                               3
                 384,601 ~ 448,700 (HK$3,000,001 ~ HK$3,500,000)                                                                               1
                 448,701 ~ 512,800 (HK$3,500,001 ~ HK$4,000,000)                                                                               1
                 897,401 ~ 961,500 (HK$7,000,001 ~ HK$7,500,000)                                                                               1
                 1,025,601 ~ 1,089,700 (HK$8,000,001 ~ HK$8,500,000)                                                                           1
                 1,730,701 ~ 1,794,800 (HK$13,500,001 ~ HK$14,000,000)                                                                         1

                 Total                                                                                                                   10(Note)

               Note: Inclusive of 2 senior management who ceased as senior management during the year 2025.




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
80   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                 Corporate Governance Report



B. ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT
  1. External Auditor
     Following the retirement of PricewaterhouseCoopers at the conclusion of the Last AGM, SHINEWING (HK) CPA
     Limited was appointed as the Company’s new external auditor by the shareholders of the Company at the same meeting
     until conclusion of the next annual general meeting of the Company.

     The Company has established a policy on the appointment of external auditor in providing non-audit services to the
     Group, setting out the principles by which an external auditor may be appointed to provide non-audit services, with a
     view to ensuring the independence of the external auditor.

     The fee in respect of audit and non-audit services provided by the external auditor to the Company for the year ended
     31st December 2025 is set out in note 11 to the consolidated financial statements on page 144 of this annual report.

  2. Directors’ and Auditor’s Acknowledgement
     All Directors of the Company have acknowledged their responsibilities for preparing the consolidated financial
     statements for the year ended 31st December 2025.

     SHINEWING (HK) CPA Limited has acknowledged the reporting responsibilities in the auditor’s report on the
     consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31st December 2025.

  3. Internal Controls
     The Board is responsible for establishing and maintaining appropriate and effective internal control systems for the
     Group, and through the Audit Committee, conducts reviews of the effectiveness of such systems at least annually,
     covering all material controls including financial, operational and compliance controls and risk management functions.
     The process used in reviewing the effectiveness of these internal control systems includes discussion with management
     on risk areas identified by management of the Company and principal subsidiary of the Group and review of significant
     issues arising from internal and external audits. The Company’s internal control systems comprise a well-established
     organisational structure and comprehensive policies and standards. Procedures have been designed to safeguard assets
     against unauthorised use or disposition, to maintain proper accounting records, for assurance of the reliability of
     financial information for internal use or publication, and to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
     The purpose of the Company’s internal control is to provide reasonable, but not absolute, assurance against material
     misstatement or loss and to manage rather than eliminate risks of failure in operational systems and achievement of the
     Company’s objectives.

     The Board has established the following measures to provide effective internal controls:

     –    a distinct organisational structure for the principal subsidiary with defined authority responsibilities and control/
          measures;

     –    an annual budget for the principal subsidiary allocating resources in accordance with identified and prioritised
          business opportunities. The annual budget for the principal subsidiary is approved by the Board on an annual basis;

     –    a comprehensive management accounting system for the principal subsidiary to provide financial and operational
          performance indicators to the relevant management, and financial information for reporting and disclosure
          purposes. Actual operational results are measured against budget each month. Detailed forecasts for the year and
          long-term forecasts of profit and loss, cash flow and balance sheets are regularly reviewed and updated. Variances
          to budget are analysed and explained and appropriate action taken, if necessary;




                                                                                    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025      81
Corporate Governance Report



          –    systems and procedures are in place to identify, measure, manage and control risks including business, compliance,
               operational, financial and information services risks that may have an impact on the Group and the principal
               subsidiary. Exposure to these risks is monitored by the Risk Committee of the Company and the board of directors,
               the executive committee and the management of the principal subsidiary;

          –    clearly defined procedures are in place for the control of capital and major expenditure commitments, off-balance
               sheet financial instruments and the supervision, control and review of the investment portfolio; and

          –    the Internal Audit Department performs independent reviews of the risks and controls identified to provide
               reasonable assurance to management of the Company and principal subsidiary and the Audit Committee that
               controls have been set in place and adequately addressed.

          The internal audit function, which is centrally controlled, monitors compliance with policies and standards as well
          as the effectiveness of internal control structures across the Company and the Group. To preserve the independence
          of the internal audit function, the Head of Internal Audit Department reports functionally to the Audit Committee
          whose chairman is an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company who has direct access to the Board. Using
          a risk-based approach, the Internal Audit Department plans its internal audit schedules annually in consultation with,
          but independent of, management of the Company and the principal subsidiary. The Internal Audit Department has
          unrestricted access to information that allows it to review all aspects of the Group’s risk management, control and
          governance processes. Independent reviews of different financial, business and functional operations and activities are
          conducted with audit resources being focused on high risk areas. Ad hoc reviews are also conducted on areas of concern
          identified by the Audit Committee and management of the Company and the principal subsidiary. The management
          of the Company and the principal subsidiary including the affected subsidiary are notified of the deficiencies noted for
          rectification, and the Internal Audit Department follows up with the implementation of audit recommendations.

          The Audit Committee on behalf of the Board assesses the effectiveness of the internal control systems including
          detecting fraud and other irregularities by reviewing the Internal Audit Department’s work and findings. On a
          half-yearly basis, the Internal Audit Department summarises the major audit findings and other relevant information
          that have come to the Internal Audit Department’s attention during the course of the audits and reports to the Audit
          Committee.

          Based on the reviews conducted during the year, including reports from management, Internal Audit Department and
          external consultants, and having regard to the scope and results of such reviews, the Audit Committee and the Board
          concluded that the Group’s risk management and internal control systems were, in all material respects, adequate and
          effective during the year. The annual review covered the effectiveness of the Group’s risk management and internal
          control systems in respect of financial reporting, operational processes, compliance with applicable laws and regulations,
          and information technology and cybersecurity controls. In the course of the review, the Board and the relevant Board
          committees considered the Group’s principal and functional risks, and assessed the adequacy of the related control
          and mitigation measures. No significant control deficiencies that would have a material adverse impact on the Group’s
          operations, financial reporting or compliance with applicable laws and regulations were identified during the review.
          Where improvement opportunities were identified during the review, management was required to implement remedial
          actions within agreed timelines, with progress monitored by the Internal Audit Department and reported to the Audit
          Committee.

          The Board recognises that the Group’s risk management and internal control systems are designed to manage, rather
          than eliminate risks, and can provide only reasonable assurance against material misstatement or loss. The Board is
          satisfied that the Company and the Group have complied with the relevant code provisions on internal control as set
          forth in the SEHK Code for the year ended 31st December 2025.

          To ensure on-going compliance with the SEHK Code, the Audit Committee reviewed the adequacy of staffing of the
          accounting, internal audit and financial reporting functions on behalf of the Board and was satisfied with the adequacy
          of resources, staff qualifications and experience, training programmes and budget of the Company’s accounting, internal
          audit and financial reporting functions.




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
82   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                Corporate Governance Report



   The Company has implemented the following procedures and internal controls for the handling and dissemination of
   inside information:

   a)   it monitors any inside information and makes appropriate announcement as required by the Listing Rules;

   b)   it conducts its affairs by reference to the “Guidelines on Disclosure of Inside Information” issued by the Securities
        and Futures Commission;

   c)   it has established procedures for handling external affairs about the Group; and

   d)   it has established guidelines to be followed by senior management and employees in dealing with confidential and
        inside information.

4. Risk Management
   The Board acknowledges that risks are inherent in the Group’s business operations and the dynamic market
   environment, and risk-taking is an integral part of pursuing strategic and business objectives. Effective risk management
   can be a value driver for competitive advantage and the exercising of risk management abilities can become an
   advantage to differentiate the Group from its competitors.

   The Group has built and maintained sound and effective risk management and internal control systems to safeguard
   the Group’s assets. While these systems offer reasonable assurance against material misstatement or loss, they are not a
   guarantee of absolute protection. The systems aim to manage, rather than eliminate, risks of operational failure and to
   support the achievement of the Group’s strategic and business objectives.

   The Board defines and oversees the Group’s risk tolerance in line with its strategic objectives, ensuring risks are
   identified, evaluated, and managed proactively through the established risk management framework. In light of the
   Group’s capital structure and business models, the Board regularly re-assesses the risk appetite, taking into consideration
   the Group’s business strategy and return targets. The Group adopts a proactive risk strategy, determined upon analysis
   results for a specific risk through the risk management process. Identified risks are addressed through a group-wide
   framework designed to ensure they are understood, minimised, transferred or contained.

   The Group promotes a risk-intelligent culture that encourages calculated risk-taking in business decisions – after
   identifying inherent risks, exploring mitigation options, and assessing relevant costs and benefits. The Board sets the
   “tone from the top”, ensuring this culture of integrity, compliance, and accountability is communicated and reinforced at
   all levels. A flexible approach “risk-averse, risk-neutral, or risk-seeking” is adopted as circumstances justify.

   A formal risk management policy ensures a common understanding of these principles across the Group. Policies and
   guidelines are reviewed periodically and updated to reflect changes in the business environment and operations.

   The Risk Committee reviews the adequacy and effectiveness of the risk management systems and internal audits are
   conducted as part of ongoing review on the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems. Emerging
   risks that may have an impact on the Group are also discussed in the Risk Committee meetings and shared with the
   Audit Committee.

   The Risk Committee delegates the design and setting of risk management parameters to management. Management
   works with relevant stakeholders across business and operation units to identify key risk areas and formulate control
   measures to mitigate risks and guide local and regional offices. Key risk management areas are regularly reviewed to
   identify areas for improvement. Where necessary, policies and procedures are developed to manage risks impacting the
   Company and its subsidiaries, covering both strategic and operational levels. This ensures business continuity, optimises
   business results, and ensures compliance with relevant rules and regulations.

   The Group’s risk management organisation structure has a “top-down” approach on oversight, risk identification and
   assessment, and mitigation of risk at corporate level; and a “bottom-up” approach on risk identification and assessment,
   and mitigation of risk at business unit level and cross functional areas for its risk management.




                                                                                   Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025      83
Corporate Governance Report



          The Group has adopted an activity-based “three lines of defence” risk governance model to delegate and coordinate
          essential risk management and control duties in a clear and cohesive manner:

          a)   First line of defence – Functional units establish risk and control environments in the Group’s day-to-day business
               operations, and as risk owners, are responsible for risk identification, formulation of risk mitigation strategy and
               upward reporting of risk monitoring progress;

          b)   Second line of defence – The Legal and Risk Management Department monitors the risk management system
               and internal control systems to ensure its effectiveness and facilitates the development and setting of policies and
               guidelines and its effective implementation of the risk management and internal control systems. It also provides
               advice and guidance to the first-line functional units on implementation of the risk management and internal
               control systems; and

          c)   Third line of defence – The Internal Audit Department provides independent review on the effectiveness of the risk
               management and internal control systems.

          The Group’s Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) process is underpinned by its risk culture and aligned with the Group’s
          overall ethics. It considers the organisation structure, nature of business, and operational, reporting, and compliance
          objectives across the Company and its subsidiaries and is used to identify, evaluate and manage the Group’s significant
          risks.

          The Group has developed a risk register with a principal risk dashboard and functional risk dashboards, that enables the
          categorisation and prioritisation of risks, facilitates risk documentation and reporting, and supports ongoing monitoring
          of risk evolution. The principal risk dashboard summarises major risks whose potential consequences may trigger risk
          events that could become significant to the Group. While functional risk dashboards serve the Company and principal
          subsidiaries – functional units will translate risk events into quantitative tolerance limits aligned with the Board’s
          strategy and communicate recommended mitigation plans to the Legal and Risk Management Department.

          In 2025, management conducted a comprehensive risk assessment covering both internal and external factors, including
          capital structure, fleet and network configuration, geopolitical tensions, economic volatility, climate-related risks, and
          cybersecurity threats etc. The key risks identified for the year included geopolitical risk, digital transformation and
          cybersecurity risk, and environmental and climate-related risk. These risks, among others, are plotted on a principal risk
          dashboard, which evaluates their potential impact and likelihood and provides a point-in-time assessment of the risk
          profile of the Group for the Risk Committee and the Board on the nature and extent of the risks faced by the Group.

          For the year ended 31st December 2025, following management’s confirmation to the Risk Committee on its scope and
          quality of its ongoing risks monitoring systems; and satisfaction on the effectiveness of the risk management systems
          with no significant risk issues were identified that could have a material adverse impact on the Group or the interests of
          shareholders, the Risk Committee has reported twice to the Board on their review and confirmation of its satisfaction on
          the adequacy and effectiveness of the risk management systems, including the scope and quality of the Group’s ongoing
          monitoring of risks.

          The Board confirmed that it is responsible for the risk management and internal control systems of the Company and
          its subsidiaries, and that these systems are appropriate and effective. The Board is satisfied that the Company and the
          Group have fully complied with the code provisions on risk management as set forth in the SEHK Code for the year
          ended 31st December 2025.




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
84   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                             Corporate Governance Report



C. COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS
  The Company attaches great importance to communications with the shareholders of the Company. Extensive information
  on the Group’s activities, business strategy and developments is provided in the Company’s annual reports and interim
  reports. Shareholders of the Company are encouraged to attend the general meetings of the Company which offer a valuable
  forum for dialogue and interaction with management of the Company. The Chairman of the Board, the Lead Independent
  Non-Executive Director, and the chairpersons of the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee, the Nomination
  Committee and other Board committees, or in their absence, other members of the relevant committees, are available at
  the annual general meetings to answer questions from shareholders on the business of the Group. Shareholders can raise
  their questions and concerns at the question-and-answer session at the end of the general meetings. Management of the
  Company also attend a press meeting after each general meeting to answer question in relation to the Group’s business. A
  separate resolution would be proposed by the chairman of the general meetings in respect of each agenda item at the general
  meetings.

  The Company has a shareholders’ communication policy, which is available on written request to the Company Secretary
  of the Company, to ensure shareholders are provided with ready, equal and timely access to balanced and understandable
  information about the Company. Communication channels, including the Company’s website, general meetings, periodic
  investors and analysts conferences, and direct contact with the Company’s Investor Relations and Public Relations Team,
  enable shareholders to communicate with and provide feedback to the Company from time to time. The Compliance
  Committee is responsible for regular review of the implementation and effectiveness of the shareholders’ communication
  policy and considers that the shareholders’ communication policy was properly implemented during the year 2025 and is
  effective with these multiple channels in place to promote two-way communication and active engagement with shareholders.

  Since the publication of the Company’s 2010 interim report, the Company has offered to the shareholders of the Company
  the following options to choose the language and means of receipt of the corporate communications(Note) of the Company in
  support of environment protection and for the purpose of saving printing and mailing costs:

  (1) to access the corporate communications electronically on the Company’s website at https://www.ooilgroup.com, and
      to receive an email notification or a printed notification letter (as the case may be) of the publication of the corporate
      communications; or

  (2) alternatively, to receive the printed English version, the printed Chinese version or both the printed English and Chinese
      versions of the Company’s corporate communications through written request.

  Details of the arrangements for dissemination of the Company’s corporate communications are set out on the Company’s
  website.

  Note: Corporate communications include but are not limited to annual and interim reports, notices of meetings, listing documents, circulars and
        proxy forms of the Company, as defined in the Listing Rules.

D. SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
  1. Convening a special general meeting
        Pursuant to the Bermuda Companies Act and the Company’s Bye-laws, the shareholder(s) of the Company holding not
        less than one-tenth of the paid up capital of the Company having the right to vote at general meetings of the Company
        shall have the right, by written requisition sent to the Company’s registered office at Clarendon House, 2 Church Street,
        Hamilton HM 11, Bermuda and preferably, copied to the Company’s principal office at 31st Floor, Harbour Centre,
        25 Harbour Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong, China, for the attention of the Company Secretary of the Company, to require
        a special general meeting to be called by the Board for the transaction of any business or resolution specified in such
        requisition.

        The written requisition must state the purpose of the general meeting, signed by the shareholder(s) concerned and may
        consist of several documents in like form, each signed by one or more of those shareholders.

        Upon receipt of confirmation from the Company’s share registrar(s) that the shareholder(s) submitting the requisition
        is/are qualified to attend and vote at a general meeting, the Company will convene a special general meeting by serving
        sufficient notice in accordance with the statutory requirements to all shareholders of the Company.




                                                                                                 Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025         85
Corporate Governance Report



     2. Putting forward proposals at general meetings
          Shareholder(s) of the Company holding not less than one-twentieth of the total voting rights of all shareholders having
          the right to vote at the general meeting of the Company; or not less than 100 shareholders of the Company, can submit:

          (i)   a written request stating the resolution intended to be moved at an annual general meeting; or

          (ii) a statement of not more than 1,000 words with respect to the matter referred to in any proposed resolution or the
               business to be dealt with at a particular general meeting.

          The written request or statement must be signed by the shareholder(s) concerned and deposited at the Company’s
          registered office at Clarendon House, 2 Church Street, Hamilton HM 11, Bermuda and preferably, copied to the
          Company’s principal office at 31st Floor, Harbour Centre, 25 Harbour Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong, China, for the
          attention of the Company Secretary of the Company, not less than 6 weeks before the general meeting in the case of a
          requisition requiring notice of a resolution, and not less than 1 week before the general meeting in the case of any other
          requisition.

          Upon receipt of confirmation from the Company’s share registrar(s) that the shareholder(s) making the proposal is/are
          qualified to attend and vote at the general meeting, the Company will:

          (i)   include the resolution in the agenda for the general meeting; or

          (ii) circulate the statement for the general meeting,

          provided that the shareholder(s) concerned has deposited a sum of money sufficient to meet the Company’s expenses in
          serving the notice of the resolution and/or circulating the statement to all shareholders.

          Shareholder(s) may also propose a person (other than that shareholder) for election as a Director at the general meeting.
          Detailed procedures are posted on the Company’s website.

     3. Minutes of general meetings
          The Company maintains proper records of its general meetings and ensures that matters raised and discussed at the
          general meetings are duly recorded in the minutes. Shareholders of the Company may inspect the minutes of general
          meetings or obtain copies thereof by written request sent to the Company Secretary of the Company at 31st Floor,
          Harbour Centre, 25 Harbour Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong, China.

     4. Putting enquiries to the Board
          Shareholders who have enquiries to put to the Board of the Company may write to the Company Secretary of the
          Company at 31st Floor, Harbour Centre, 25 Harbour Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong, China.

     5. Dividend Policy
          Shareholders of the same class of shares shall have equal rights to dividends and distributions. The Company has
          formally adopted a dividend policy (the “Dividend Policy”) that balances the objectives of appropriately rewarding
          the shareholders for their investment and retaining reserves for long-term development and future expansion of the
          Company, and enhances transparency facilitating shareholders and investors to make informed investment decisions.

          The Dividend Policy applicable for the year 2025 had a target annual dividend payout of 30% to 50% of the consolidated
          net profit attributed to the shareholders of the Company in the financial years of 2024, 2025 and 2026, whether
          as interim and/or final dividends, subject to, inter alia, the financial performance, liquidity position, future plans
          and working capital requirements of the Company and the prevailing economic, financial, business and regulatory
          circumstances. The Company may also declare special dividends from time to time in addition to the semi-annual
          dividends.

          The declaration of dividends is subject to the sole discretion of the Board. There can be no assurance that dividends
          will be paid in any particular amount of any given period. The Dividend Policy shall not constitute a legally binding
          document in respect of future dividend declaration of the Company and/or in no way oblige the Company to declare a
          dividend at any time or from time to time. The distribution and payment of dividends of the Company will be subject
          to compliance with the Company’s Bye-laws and applicable laws and regulations. During the year 2025, all dividend
          decisions made by the Board were made in accordance with the Dividend Policy.

          Details of the dividend paid by the Company during the year 2025 are set out in note 15 to the consolidated financial
          statements on page 146 of this annual report.



     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
86   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                  Corporate Governance Report



E. INVESTOR RELATIONS
  The Company continues to promote and enhance investor relations and communication with its investors. The Company’s
  Investor Relations and Public Relations Team maintains regular dialogue with institutional investors, analysts and fund
  managers to keep them abreast of the latest development of the Group.

  Shareholders, investors and members of the public are able to access up-to-date corporate information and events related to
  the Group on the Company’s website.

  1. Shareholding Information
      As at 31st December 2025:

      –    Authorised share capital: US$205,000,000, comprising 900,000,000 ordinary shares of US$0.1 each, 65,000,000
           limited voting convertible redeemable preferred shares of US$1 each and 50,000,000 redeemable preferred shares of
           US$1 each.

      –    Issued and fully-paid up capital: US$66,037,329.7 comprising 660,373,297 ordinary shares of US$0.1 each.

      Details of the shareholding of the ordinary shares of the Company as at 31st December 2025 are set out on page 53 of
      this annual report.

  2. Public Float
      Based on information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors of the
      Company, the Company maintained at least 25% of public float as at 31st December 2025 and the date of this annual
      report.

  3. Financial Calendar
      Important dates for the shareholders are set out on page 51 of this annual report.

  4. Memorandum of Association and Bye-Laws
      There was no change to the memorandum of association of the Company and the Bye-laws during the year 2025, and
      the consolidated version is available on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange.




                                                                                     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025      87
Report of the Directors

The Board of Directors of the Company (the “Board”) presents this report together with the audited consolidated financial
statements for the year ended 31st December 2025.

PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
The principal activity of the Company is investment holding, and the activities of its principal subsidiaries, associated companies
and joint ventures are set out on pages 174 to 186 of this annual report.

GROUP RESULTS
The consolidated results of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) are set out on page 108 of
this annual report.

DIVIDENDS
An interim dividend of US$0.72 (HK$5.616 or RMB5.138, converted according to the exchange rates of US$1 to HK$7.8, and
US$1 to RMB7.1355, respectively) per ordinary share was paid on 15th October 2025.

The Board has recommended the payment of a final dividend of US$0.42 per ordinary share for the year ended 31st December
2025 to be paid on 30th June 2026 to the shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company on
4th June 2026, being the record date for determining the entitlement of shareholders to the proposed final dividend. The final
dividend will be payable in cash in US dollars or Hong Kong dollars (HK$3.276 converted according to the exchange rate of
US$1 to HK$7.8) or Renminbi (to be converted at the average of middle exchange rate between US dollars and Renminbi as
announced by the People’s Bank of China for the 5 business days before and excluding the date of the annual general meeting of
the Company). Shareholders, who wish to change their currency election for the final dividend, should complete the dividend
election form (the currency elected shall apply to all (but not part) of the dividend) and return it to the Company’s Hong Kong
branch share registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, at 17M Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road
East, Wanchai, Hong Kong, not later than 4:30 p.m. on 18th June 2026.

BUSINESS REVIEW
Discussions on the Group’s businesses and performance are provided throughout this annual report and in the Company’s
2025 Sustainability Report. A summary of the relevant sections is set out below. These discussions form part of this report.

Topics                                                               Relevant sections
1.   Review of the business of the Group and an analysis of          –    Chairman’s Statement (pages 8 to 11)
     the Group’s performance using financial key performance         –    Operations Review (pages 12 to 19)
     indicators during the year 2025                                 –    Financial Review (pages 28 to 41)

2.   Principal risks and uncertainties that the Group is facing      –    Chairman’s Statement (pages 8 to 11)
                                                                     –    Operations Review (pages 12 to 19)

3.   Financial risk management objectives and policies of the        –    Note 3 to consolidated financial statements
     Group                                                                (pages 128 to 131)

4.   Future business development of the Group                        –    Chairman’s Statement (pages 8 to 11)
                                                                     –    Operations Review (pages 12 to 19)

5.   Discussions on the Group’s environmental policies               –    Corporate Responsibility (pages 20 to 27)
     and performance, compliance with the relevant laws              –    Corporate Governance Report (pages 54 to 87)
     and regulations, and an account of the Group’s key              –    2025 Sustainability Report of the Company
     relationships with its employees, customers, suppliers
     and stakeholders that have a significant impact on the
     Group




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
88   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                              Report of the Directors



DIRECTORS
The Directors of the Company during the year 2025 and up to the date of this annual report were:

Executive Directors
Mr. Wan Min (Chairman)
Mr. Zhang Feng (Chief Executive Officer) (Note 1)
Mr. Tao Weidong
Mr. Chen Yangfan (Note 2)

Non-Executive Directors
Mr. Tung Lieh Cheung Andrew
Mr. Yu Fulin (Note 3)
Ms. Wang Dan
Mr. Ip Sing Chi
Mr. Gu Jinshan (Note 4)

Independent Non-Executive Directors
Mr. Chow Philip Yiu Wah (Lead Independent Non-Executive Director) (Note 5)
Dr. Chung Shui Ming Timpson
Mr. Yang Liang Yee Philip
Ms. Chen Ying
Mr. Chen Hong (Note 6)
Mr. So Gregory Kam Leung (Note7)

Notes:
1.    Appointed as an Executive Director and the Chief Executive Officer of the Company with effect from 16th April 2025.
2.    Resigned as an Executive Director and the Chief Executive Officer of the Company with effect from 16th April 2025.
3.    Appointed as a Non-Executive Director of the Company with effect from 12th December 2025.
4.    Resigned as a Non-Executive Director of the Company with effect from 10th December 2025.
5.    Designated as the Lead Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company with effect from 13th March 2025.
6.    Appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company with effect from 9th May 2025.
7.    Passed away on 13th December 2025.


In accordance with bye-law 86(2) of the bye-laws of the Company (the “Bye-laws”), Mr. Yu Fulin will hold office until the annual
general meeting of the Company to be held on 21st May 2026 (the “Annual General Meeting”, being the first annual general
meeting after his appointment as a Director of the Company in 2025) and, being eligible, will offer himself for re-election at the
Annual General Meeting.

In addition, in accordance with bye-laws 87(2) and 87(3) of the Bye-laws, Ms. Wang Dan, Dr. Chung Shui Ming Timpson,
Mr. Yang Liang Yee Philip and Ms. Chen Ying will retire by rotation and, being eligible, will offer themselves for re-election at the
Annual General Meeting.

None of the Directors, including the Directors who are proposed for re-election at the Annual General Meeting, has a service
contract with the Company or any of its subsidiaries which is not determinable by the employing company within one year
without payment of compensation, other than statutory compensation.

The Company has received from each Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company an annual confirmation of his/her
independence with reference to the factors set out in Rule 3.13 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock
Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”), and the Company considers all of them are independent.




                                                                                                      Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025      89
Report of the Directors



DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries was a party to any arrangement enabling the Directors of the Company to acquire
benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate at any time during or
at the end of the year 2025.

DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS
1. Significant Contracts
     No transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance (other than contracts amongst Group companies) in relation to
     the Group’s business to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries was a party, and in which a Director of the Company or
     an entity connected with a Director of the Company had a material interest, either directly or indirectly, subsisted during or
     at the end of the year 2025.

2. Shares
     As at 31st December 2025, the issued share capital of the Company consisted of 660,373,297 ordinary shares (the “Shares”).
     The interests and short positions of the Directors and the Chief Executive of the Company in the shares, the underlying
     shares and the debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the
     Securities and Futures Ordinance (“SFO”)) as at 31st December 2025, as recorded in the register kept by the Company
     pursuant to section 352 of the SFO or otherwise notified to the Company and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
     (the “Stock Exchange”) pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model
     Code”) contained in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules, were as follows:

     (a) Interests and short positions in the Shares, the underlying Shares and the debentures of the Company:

          Nil.

     (b) Interests and short positions in the shares of the associated corporations of the Company:

                                                                                                                             Approximate
                                                                                                                             percentage of
                                                                                                                               total issued
                                                                                                                              share capital
                                                                                           Number of                            of relevant
                                                                                              ordinary                              class of
                                                                                           shares held           Number           shares of
           Name of associated                                                              as personal          of shares        associated
           corporation                     Name of Director       Capacity                     interest        interested      corporation

           COSCO SHIPPING                  WAN Min                Beneficial owner            200,000           200,000           0.00580%
            Development Co., Ltd.                                                           (H shares)        (H shares)           (Note 1)

                                                                  Interest of spouse                  –            90,000         0.00092%
                                                                                                               (A shares)          (Note 1)

           COSCO SHIPPING                  WAN Min                Beneficial owner             373,163           373,163          0.00942%
            Ports Limited                                                                                                          (Note 2)

          Notes:

          (1)    The shareholding percentage was calculated on the basis of 3,445,672,000 H shares and 9,751,983,820 A shares of COSCO SHIPPING
                 Development Co., Ltd. in issue as at 31st December 2025 (as the case may be).


          (2)    The shareholding percentage was calculated on the basis of 3,959,954,940 shares of COSCO SHIPPING Ports Limited in issue as at
                 31st December 2025.




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
90   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                              Report of the Directors



    (c) Interests and short positions in the underlying shares and the debentures of the associated corporation of the Company:

         Nil.

    Save as disclosed above, as at 31st December 2025, none of the Directors or the Chief Executive of the Company had any
    interest or short position in the shares, the underlying shares and the debentures of the Company or any of its associated
    corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which were required to be (a) notified to the Company and the
    Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they are
    taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO); or (b) entered in the register kept by the Company pursuant to
    section 352 of the SFO; or (c) notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.

3. Directors’ Interests in Competing Business
    China COSCO SHIPPING Corporation Limited (“COSCO SHIPPING”, an indirect controlling shareholder of the Company),
    its subsidiaries and/or its associates are engaged in the same business of container shipping, management and operation of
    container terminals and/or logistics services (the “Competing Companies”) as the Group. During the year 2025, Mr. Wan
    Min, Mr. Zhang Feng (appointed on 16th April 2025) and Mr. Tao Weidong, the Executive Directors of the Company, and
    Mr. Chen Yangfan, the then Executive Director of the Company (resigned on 16th April 2025), were holding directorships
    and/or senior management positions in COSCO SHIPPING, its subsidiaries and/or its associates; Ms. Wang Dan, a
    Non-Executive Director of the Company, was a director of Navigator Investco Limited (a subsidiary of COSCO SHIPPING
    Ports Limited); Mr. Ip Sing Chi, a Non-Executive Director of the Company, was a non-executive director of COSCO
    SHIPPING Development Co., Ltd.; Mr. Yang Liang Yee Philip, an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company,
    was an independent non-executive director of COSCO SHIPPING Ports Limited; and Ms. Chen Ying, an Independent
    Non-Executive Director of the Company, was an external director of COSCO SHIPPING Lines Co., Ltd.

    As the Board of the Company is independent of the board of directors of the Competing Companies, the Directors of the
    Company are of the view that the Group is capable of carrying on its business independently of, and at arm’s length from the
    businesses of the Competing Companies.

    Save as disclosed above, so far as the Directors of the Company were aware, none of the Directors of the Company or their
    respective close associates (as defined in the Listing Rules) had any interest in a business which competed or was likely to
    compete, either directly or indirectly, with the business of the Group during the year 2025.

MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
No contracts concerning the management and the administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the
Company were entered into or existed during the year 2025.




                                                                                      Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025      91
Report of the Directors



SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS
As at 31st December 2025, the following persons (other than the Directors or the Chief Executive of the Company) had an interest
or short position in the Shares and the underlying Shares which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of
Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under section 336 of the
SFO:


                                                                                         Number of Shares interested
 Name of substantial shareholder                       Capacity                          (Long position)                              Percentage

 COSCO SHIPPING Holdings                               Beneficial owner                   469,344,972 (Notes 1 and 2)                      71.07%
  (Hong Kong) Limited

 COSCO SHIPPING Holdings Co., Ltd.                     Interest of controlled             469,344,972 (Note 3)                             71.07%
                                                       corporation

 China Ocean Shipping Company Limited                  Interest of controlled             469,344,972 (Notes 4 and 6)                      71.07%
                                                       corporation

 China COSCO SHIPPING                                  Interest of controlled             469,344,972 (Notes 4, 5 and 6)                   71.07%
   Corporation Limited                                 corporation

 Shanghai Port Group (BVI)                             Beneficial owner                    59,880,536                                       9.06%
   Development Co., Limited

 Shanghai International Port Group                     Interest of controlled              59,880,536 (Note 7)                              9.06%
   (HK) Co., Ltd.                                      corporation

 Shanghai International Port (Group)                   Interest of controlled              59,880,536 (Note 8)                              9.06%
   Co., Ltd.                                           corporation


Notes:

1.   On 11th December 2025, COSCO SHIPPING Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited (“COSCO SHIPPING HK”) and Faulkner Global Holdings Limited
     (“Faulkner”, a wholly-owned subsidiary of COSCO SHIPPING HK) entered into an equity transfer agreement, pursuant to which Faulkner agreed
     to sell and COSCO SHIPPING HK agreed to purchase 469,344,972 Shares of the Company. Please refer to the announcement of the Company dated
     11th December 2025 for further details.


2.   The substantial shareholder’s interest disclosed herein is based on the information from the Disclosure of Interests Online System of the Stock
     Exchange as at 31st December 2025. As disclosed in the disclosure of interests forms filed by COSCO SHIPPING HK and Faulkner, immediately
     after the relevant event on 11th December 2025 as set out in the respective forms, COSCO SHIPPING HK became the beneficial owner of
     469,344,972 Shares and Faulkner ceased to be interested in any Shares. Please also refer to the section headed “Top ten ordinary shareholders” on
     page 53 of this annual report for the records in the Company’s principal register and Hong Kong branch register of members as at 31st December
     2025.


3.   COSCO SHIPPING Holdings Co., Ltd. (“COSCO SHIPPING Holdings”) held 100% of the shares of COSCO SHIPPING HK and, accordingly, had an
     indirect interest in the same Shares in which COSCO SHIPPING HK had an interest.


4.   China Ocean Shipping Company Limited (“China Ocean Shipping”) held 38.25% of the shares of COSCO SHIPPING Holdings and, accordingly,
     had an indirect interest in the same Shares in which COSCO SHIPPING Holdings had an interest. China COSCO SHIPPING Corporation Limited
     (“COSCO SHIPPING”), through itself and its subsidiaries, held 45.25% of the shares of COSCO SHIPPING Holdings. Both China Ocean Shipping
     and COSCO SHIPPING are state-owned enterprises established in the People’s Republic of China the (“PRC”).


5.   COSCO SHIPPING held 100% of the shares of China Ocean Shipping and, accordingly, had an indirect interest in the same Shares in which China
     Ocean Shipping had an interest.




         Orient Overseas (International) Limited
92       Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                             Report of the Directors



6.   As at 31st December 2025, China Ocean Shipping entered into a gratuitous transfer agreement with COSCO SHIPPING in respect of the transfer
     of 2,610,063,089 A shares in COSCO SHIPPING Holdings from China Ocean Shipping to COSCO SHIPPING (the “CSH Share Transfer”). Upon
     completion of the CSH Share Transfer, China Ocean Shipping would directly hold approximately 21.04% of the issued shares of COSCO SHIPPING
     Holdings, while COSCO SHIPPING would, through itself and its subsidiaries, hold approximately 45.25% of the issued shares of COSCO SHIPPING
     Holdings, based on the issued share capital of COSCO SHIPPING Holdings as at 31st December 2025. Please refer to the announcement of COSCO
     SHIPPING Holdings dated 31st December 2025 published on the website of the Shanghai Stock Exchange for further details.


7.   Shanghai International Port Group (HK) Co., Ltd. (“SIPG HK”) held 100% of the shares of Shanghai Port Group (BVI) Development Co., Limited
     (“SIPG BVI”) and, accordingly, had an indirect interest in the same Shares in which SIPG BVI had an interest.


8.   Shanghai International Port (Group) Co., Ltd. (“SIPG”) held 100% of the shares of SIPG HK and, accordingly, had an indirect interest in the same
     Shares in which SIPG HK had an interest.

The directorships and positions held by the Directors of the Company in the companies disclosed above as at the date of this
annual report are set out below:

(1) Mr. Wan Min is the chairman of the board and the Party Secretary of COSCO SHIPPING, an executive director of China
    Ocean Shipping, and the chairman of the board and an executive director of COSCO SHIPPING Holdings.

(2) Mr. Zhang Feng is the executive vice president and a Party Committee member of COSCO SHIPPING, and the vice chairman
    of the board and an executive director of COSCO SHIPPING Holdings.

(3) Mr. Tao Weidong is the employee representative director of COSCO SHIPPING, an executive director, the general manager
    and the Party Secretary of COSCO SHIPPING Holdings, the chairman of the board of COSCO SHIPPING HK, and a
    director of Faulkner.

(4) Mr. Yu Fulin is the Party Secretary and the chairman of the board of SIPG.

Save as disclosed above, as at 31st December 2025, the Company had not been notified by any person (other than the Directors
or the Chief Executive of the Company) who had an interest or short position in the Shares or the underlying Shares which were
required to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which were recorded
in the register required to be kept by the Company under section 336 of the SFO.

CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
Pursuant to Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, details of the Company’s connected transactions during the year 2025 are as follows:

1. Continuing Connected Transactions under Master Agreements with COSCO SHIPPING Group
     COSCO SHIPPING indirectly controls more than 50% of the issued share capital of the Company. Accordingly, COSCO
     SHIPPING and its subsidiaries and associates (as defined in the Listing Rules) (collectively referred to as the “COSCO
     SHIPPING Group”) are connected persons of the Company. Transactions contemplated under each of the following master
     agreements constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company (the “Continuing Connected Transactions”).

     a)   Business Master Agreement
          On 30th August 2022, the Company (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries and associates) and COSCO SHIPPING
          (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries and associates) entered into a business master agreement in relation to the
          provision of services related to containerised liner, logistics, information technology and other contractual arrangements
          between the Group and COSCO SHIPPING Group (the “Business Master Agreement”). The Business Master Agreement
          had a term of 3 years from 1st January 2023 to 31st December 2025, and was renewable for successive periods of 3 years
          subject to mutual agreement and compliance with the applicable Listing Rules requirements.

          On 28th August 2025, in anticipation of the expiration of the Business Master Agreement, the Company and COSCO
          SHIPPING entered into a new business master agreement in relation to substantially the same scope of services. The
          new business master agreement is for a term of 3 years from 1st January 2026 to 31st December 2028, and is renewable
          for successive periods of 3 years subject to mutual agreement and compliance with the applicable Listing Rules
          requirements.




                                                                                                    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025          93
Report of the Directors



          The following table is a summary of the transaction amounts and the annual caps for the year ended 31st December
          2025 for the transactions contemplated under the Business Master Agreement.


                                                                                             Transaction
                                                                                                 amounts     Annual caps
                                                                                            for year 2025   for year 2025
          Type of services under the Business Master Agreement                                 (US$’000)       (US$’000)

          Provision of services by COSCO SHIPPING Group to the Group
          (A) Liner services
              (i) network services                                                                18,484         653,000
              (ii) operation services                                                            134,098         196,000
              (iii) vessel operating common carrier services                                           –           2,400
              (iv) other services, including information technology service                        1,778          15,000

          (B) Logistics services, including non-vessel operating common carrier services,         37,202         465,000
              international supply chain services and domestic logistics services

          (C) Other contractual arrangements, including office leases and insurance                5,485          20,000
              service

          (D) Other services, including use of common facilities, ad-hoc use of business           3,177          12,000
              facilities and crew manning service/manning agency service

          Provision of services by the Group to COSCO SHIPPING Group
          (A) Liner services
              (i) network services                                                                14,506         109,000
              (ii) operation services                                                              6,592          10,000
              (iii) vessel operating common carrier services                                     144,370         773,000
              (iv) other services, including information technology service                       60,633         104,000

          (B) Logistics services, including non-vessel operating common carrier services,         16,730         110,000
              international supply chain services and domestic logistics services

          (C) Other contractual arrangements, including office leases and insurance                    –           6,000
              service

          (D) Other services, including use of common facilities, ad-hoc use of business               –           6,000
              facilities and crew manning service/manning agency service




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
94   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                           Report of the Directors



b)   Bunker Master Agreement
     On 30th August 2022, the Company (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries and associates) and COSCO SHIPPING
     (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries and associates) entered into a bunker master agreement in relation to the
     purchase of bunker, fuel and oil by the Group from COSCO SHIPPING Group (the “Bunker Master Agreement”). The
     Bunker Master Agreement had a term of 3 years from 1st January 2023 to 31st December 2025, and was renewable
     for successive periods of 3 years subject to mutual agreement and compliance with the applicable Listing Rules
     requirements.

     On 28th August 2025, in anticipation of the expiration of the Bunker Master Agreement, the Company and COSCO
     SHIPPING entered into a new bunker master agreement in relation to the purchase of bunker, fuel, oil and climate
     credits (including European Union allowances under European Union Emissions Trading System) as may be agreed
     from time to time, by the Group from COSCO SHIPPING Group. The new bunker master agreement is for a term of
     3 years from 1st January 2026 to 31st December 2028, and is renewable for successive periods of 3 years subject to
     mutual agreement and compliance with the applicable Listing Rules requirements.

     The following table is a summary of the transaction amount and the annual cap for the year ended 31st December 2025
     for the transactions contemplated under the Bunker Master Agreement.


                                                                                          Transaction
                                                                                               amount           Annual cap
                                                                                         for year 2025        for year 2025
                                                                                            (US$’000)            (US$’000)

      Purchase of bunker, fuel and oil by the Group from                                       235,521              825,000
        COSCO SHIPPING Group

c)   Terminal Master Agreement
     On 30th August 2022, the Company (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries and associates) and COSCO SHIPPING
     (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries and associates) entered into a terminal master agreement in relation to the
     purchase of terminal services, including loading and unloading of containers at port, and related services, including
     terminal handling, storage and maintenance of container and storage services and customs clearing services, between
     the Group and COSCO SHIPPING Group (the “ Terminal Master Agreement”). The Terminal Master Agreement had
     a term of 3 years from 1st January 2023 to 31st December 2025, and was renewable for successive periods of 3 years
     subject to mutual agreement and compliance with the applicable Listing Rules requirements.

     On 28th August 2025, in anticipation of the expiration of the Terminal Master Agreement, the Company and COSCO
     SHIPPING entered into a new terminal master agreement in relation to the provision of terminal services (including
     loading and unloading of containers at port) and related services (including terminal handling, storage and maintenance
     of container, storage services and customs clearing services) by COSCO SHIPPING Group to the Group. The new
     terminal master agreement is for a term of 3 years from 1st January 2026 to 31st December 2028, and is renewable
     for successive periods of 3 years subject to mutual agreement and compliance with the applicable Listing Rules
     requirements.

     The following table is a summary of the transaction amounts and the annual caps for the year ended 31st December
     2025 for the transactions contemplated under the Terminal Master Agreement.


                                                                                          Transaction
                                                                                              amounts          Annual caps
                                                                                         for year 2025        for year 2025
                                                                                            (US$’000)            (US$’000)

      Provision of services by COSCO SHIPPING Group to the Group                               251,431               642,276

      Provision of services by the Group to COSCO SHIPPING Group                                      –               25,000




                                                                                   Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025      95
Report of the Directors



     d) Equipment Procurement Master Agreement
          On 30th August 2022, the Company (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries and associates) and COSCO SHIPPING
          (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries and associates) entered into an equipment procurement master agreement
          in relation to the provision of equipment to be produced by COSCO SHIPPING Group and equipment procurement
          services, including container acquisition, and pooling and related services between the Group and COSCO SHIPPING
          Group (the “Equipment Procurement Master Agreement”). The Equipment Procurement Master Agreement had a term
          of 3 years from 1st January 2023 to 31st December 2025, and was renewable for successive periods of 3 years subject to
          mutual agreement and compliance with the applicable Listing Rules requirements.

          On 28th August 2025, in anticipation of the expiration of the Equipment Procurement Master Agreement, the Company
          and COSCO SHIPPING entered into a new equipment procurement master agreement in relation to substantially the
          same scope of services. The new equipment procurement master agreement is for a term of 3 years from 1st January
          2026 to 31st December 2028, and is renewable for successive periods of 3 years subject to mutual agreement and
          compliance with the applicable Listing Rules requirements.

          The following table is a summary of the transaction amounts and the annual caps for the year ended 31st December
          2025 for the transactions contemplated under the Equipment Procurement Master Agreement.


                                                                                                 Transaction
                                                                                                     amounts          Annual caps
                                                                                                for year 2025        for year 2025
                                                                                                   (US$’000)            (US$’000)

           Provision of services by COSCO SHIPPING Group to the Group                                 371,745            1,085,000

           Provision of services by the Group to COSCO SHIPPING Group                                   40,303             247,000


     e)   Vessel Services Master Agreement
          On 30th August 2022, the Company (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries and associates) and COSCO SHIPPING
          (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries and associates) entered into a vessel services master agreement in relation to
          the provision of vessel services, including vessel chartering, vessel supervision, and other vessel-related services between
          the Group and COSCO SHIPPING Group (the “Vessel Services Master Agreement”). The Vessel Services Master
          Agreement had a term of 3 years from 1st January 2023 to 31st December 2025, and was renewable for successive
          periods of 3 years subject to mutual agreement and compliance with the applicable Listing Rules requirements.

          On 28th August 2025, in anticipation of the expiration of the Vessel Services Master Agreement, the Company and
          COSCO SHIPPING entered into a new vessel services master agreement in relation to substantially the same scope of
          services. The new vessel services master agreement is for a term of 3 years from 1st January 2026 to 31st December
          2028, and is renewable for successive periods of 3 years subject to mutual agreement and compliance with the applicable
          Listing Rules requirements.

          The following table is a summary of the transaction amounts and the annual caps for the year ended 31st December
          2025 for the transactions contemplated under the Vessel Services Master Agreement.


                                                                                                 Transaction
                                                                                                     amounts          Annual caps
                                                                                                for year 2025        for year 2025
                                                                                                   (US$’000)            (US$’000)

           Provision of services by COSCO SHIPPING Group to the Group                                 201,367              230,000

           Provision of services by the Group to COSCO SHIPPING Group                                 193,416              218,000




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
96   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                             Report of the Directors



f)   Financial Services Master Agreement
     On 30th August 2022, the Company (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries and associates) and COSCO SHIPPING
     Finance Co., Ltd. (“COSCO SHIPPING Finance”, a subsidiary of COSCO SHIPPING and a connected person of the
     Company), entered into a financial services master agreement in relation to the provision of deposit service, loan service
     and other financial services by COSCO SHIPPING Finance to the Group (the “Financial Services Master Agreement”).
     The Financial Services Master Agreement had a term of 3 years from 1st January 2023 to 31st December 2025, and was
     renewable for successive periods of 3 years subject to mutual agreement and compliance with the applicable Listing
     Rules requirements.

     On 28th August 2025, in anticipation of the expiration of the Financial Services Master Agreement, the Company and
     COSCO SHIPPING Finance entered into a new financial services master agreement in relation to substantially the
     same scope of services. The new financial services master agreement is for a term of 3 years from 1st January 2026 to
     31st December 2028, and is renewable for successive periods of 3 years subject to mutual agreement and compliance
     with the applicable Listing Rules requirements.

     The following table is a summary of the transaction amounts and the annual caps for the year ended 31st December
     2025 for the transactions contemplated under the Financial Services Master Agreement.


                                                                                                                                      Maximum
                                                                                                          Highest daily            daily limit of
                                                                                                               balance*                deposits*
                                                                                                          for year 2025            for year 2025
                                                                                                             (US$’000)                (US$’000)

         Deposit service                                                                                          202,616                  828,000



                                                                                                          Highest daily               Maximum
                                                                                                           outstanding             daily limit of
                                                                                                               balance*          loan facilities*
                                                                                                          for year 2025            for year 2025
                                                                                                             (US$’000)                (US$’000)

         Loan service                                                                                                     –                460,000



                                                                                                            Transaction
                                                                                                                 amount              Annual cap
                                                                                                           for year 2025           for year 2025
                                                                                                              (US$’000)               (US$’000)

         Other financial services#                                                                                        –                   6,000


     *      The daily limit or balance of deposits and/or the daily limit or outstanding balance of loans includes accrued interest and handling fee.
     #
            Other financial services include (but not limited to) clearing services and foreign exchange services.




                                                                                                    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025           97
Report of the Directors



     g)   Lending Service Master Agreement
          On 11th December 2025, the Company (for itself and on behalf of its wholly-owned subsidiaries incorporated outside
          the PRC and COSCO SHIPPING Holdings (an indirect controlling shareholder of the Company, for itself and on behalf
          of its wholly-owned subsidiaries incorporated outside the PRC) entered into a lending service master agreement in
          relation to the provision of lending service by the wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company incorporated outside the
          PRC to the wholly-owned subsidiaries of COSCO SHIPPING Holdings incorporated outside the PRC (the “Lending
          Service Master Agreement”). The Lending Service Master Agreement is for a term of 3 years from 1st January 2026 to
          31st December 2028, and is renewable for successive periods of 3 years subject to mutual agreement and compliance
          with the applicable Listing Rules requirements.

     Details of the Continuing Connected Transactions (including their respective principal terms and annual caps) (i) for the
     3 years ended 31st December 2025 are set out in the announcement and the circular of the Company dated 30th August 2022
     and 21st October 2022, respectively; and (ii) for the 3 years ending 31st December 2028 are set out in the announcements
     of the Company dated 28th August 2025 and 11th December 2025 respectively, and the circular of the Company dated
     8th October 2025.

     Pursuant to Rule 14A.55 of the Listing Rules, the Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company, namely
     Mr. Chow Philip Yiu Wah, Dr. Chung Shui Ming Timpson, Mr. Yang Liang Yee Philip, Ms. Chen Ying and Mr. Chen Hong,
     had reviewed the Continuing Connected Transactions for the year ended 31st December 2025 and confirmed that those
     Continuing Connected Transactions have been entered into (a) in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group;
     (b) on normal commercial terms or better; and (c) according to the relevant agreements governing them on terms that are
     fair and reasonable and in the interests of the shareholders of the Company as a whole.

     The Company’s auditor was engaged to report on the Group’s Continuing Connected Transactions for the year ended
     31st December 2025 in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) “Assurance
     Engagements Other than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740
     (Revised) “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong
     Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The auditor has issued their unqualified letter containing the findings and
     conclusions in respect of such Continuing Connected Transactions as disclosed above in accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the
     Listing Rules.

2. Connected Transaction in relation to the Construction of 14 Vessels
     On 29th April 2025, 14 indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company respectively entered into 14 shipbuilding
     contracts on substantially the same terms with Nantong COSCO KHI Ship Engineering Co., Ltd. (“Nantong”) or Dalian
     COSCO KHI Ship Engineering Co., Ltd. (“Dalian”) for the construction of a total of 14 vessels for an aggregate consideration
     of US$3,080 million (equivalent to approximately HK$24,024 million).

     As at 29th April 2025 and 8th May 2025, Nantong was an associate of COSCO SHIPPING, which indirectly held 50% of
     equity interest in Nantong. Dalian was an indirect subsidiary of COSCO SHIPPING. COSCO SHIPPING (through its
     wholly-owned subsidiaries) held 36% equity interest and Nantong directly held 30% equity interest, respectively, in Dalian.
     Accordingly, both Nantong and Dalian were connected persons of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, and
     the transactions contemplated under those 14 shipbuilding contracts constituted a connected transaction of the Company.

     Details of this major and connected transaction in relation to the construction of 14 vessels are set out in the announcement
     and the circular of the Company dated 29th April 2025 and 8th May 2025, respectively.

During the year 2025, the Group conducted certain related party transactions as disclosed in note 40 to the consolidated financial
statements on pages 170 and 171 of this annual report. Some of these transactions also constituted connected transactions of the
Group (exempted or non-exempted) which the Company has complied with the relevant applicable requirements under Chapter
14A of the Listing Rules.




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
98   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                Report of the Directors



PERMITTED INDEMNITY
Pursuant to the Bye-laws and subject to the provisions of the relevant statutes, every Director of the Company shall be indemnified
and secured harmless out of the assets and profits of the Company from and against all actions, costs, charges, losses, damages and
expenses which he may incur or sustain in or about the execution of his duty; provided that the indemnity shall not extend to any
matter in respect of any wilful negligence, wilful default, fraud or dishonesty which may attach to any Director of the Company.

Since 1992, the Company has arranged insurance cover for the directors’ and officers’ liabilities including cover for the Directors
of the Company, and the directors, the officers and senior management of the Group arising out of the corporate activities of the
Group.

PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF SHARES
For the year ended 31st December 2025, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries had purchased, sold or redeemed any of
the Company’s Shares (including sale of treasury shares (as defined in the Listing Rules) of the Company, if any).

As at 31st December 2025, the Company did not hold any treasury shares.

PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
No pre-emptive rights exist under Bermuda law in relation to the issue of new shares by the Company.

SHARE CAPITAL
There was no movement in the share capital of the Company during the year 2025. Details are set out in note 32 to the
consolidated financial statements on page 162 of this annual report.

RESERVES
Movements during the year 2025 in the reserves of the Group and the Company are set out in notes 33 and 41 to the consolidated
financial statements on pages 162 and 172 to 173 of this annual report.

EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
The Company had not entered into any equity-linked agreement for the year ended 31st December 2025.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
The Board and the management of the Company are committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance. The
Company considers that effective corporate governance makes an important contribution to corporate success and to the
enhancement of shareholder value.

The Company has adopted its own corporate governance code (the “CG Code”), which in addition to applying the principles as
set out in the Corporate Governance Code (the “SEHK Code”) contained in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules, also incorporates
and conforms to local and international best practices. The CG Code sets out the corporate governance principles applied by the
Group and is constantly reviewed to ensure its transparency, accountability and independence.

Throughout the year of 2025, the Company complied with the SEHK Code, save for two recommended best practices as set out in
the Corporate Governance Report.

Further information on the CG Code is set out in the Corporate Governance Report on pages 54 to 87 of this annual report.




                                                                                        Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025      99
Report of the Directors



PUBLIC FLOAT
Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors of the Company,
there was sufficient public float of at least 25% of the Company’s issued Shares as required under the Listing Rules as at the date of
this annual report.

DONATIONS
Donations made by the Group during the year 2025 amounted to US$1,285,000.

ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
The Annual General Meeting will be held on 21st May 2026.

A circular containing, inter alia, (i) a notice convening the Annual General Meeting; (ii) details of the retiring Directors to be
re-elected at the Annual General Meeting; (iii) information on the general mandate to authorise the allotment of and otherwise
dealing with the shares of all classes in the capital of the Company and securities convertible into shares and options, warrants or
similar rights to subscribe for shares or such convertible securities (including the sales or transfer of treasury shares, if any); and
(iv) information on the general mandate to authorise the repurchase of the Company’s securities (excluding treasury shares, if
any), together with a proxy form, will be despatched to the shareholders of the Company on or around 23rd April 2026.

COMPANY SECRETARY
The Company Secretary of the Company is Mr. Xiao Junguang.

AUDITOR
PricewaterhouseCoopers retired as the auditor of the Company upon the expiration of its term of office at the conclusion of
the annual general meeting of the Company held on 27th May 2025 and SHINEWING (HK) CPA Limited (“SW Hong Kong”)
was appointed as the new auditor of the Company as approved by the shareholders of the Company at the same annual general
meeting.

The Group’s consolidated financial statements have been audited by SW Hong Kong who will retire at the Annual General Meeting
and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-appointment.

Save as disclosed above, there has been no change of auditor of the Company in the preceding 3 years.




On behalf of the Board
Orient Overseas (International) Limited
Wan Min
Chairman

Hong Kong, China, 12th March 2026




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
100 Annual Report 2025
                                                     Index – Financial Information

Content                                                                                            Page no.
Independent Auditor’s Report                                                                           102
Consolidated Profit and Loss Account                                                                   108
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income                                                         109
Consolidated Balance Sheet                                                                             110
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement                                                                       112
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity                                                            113
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
1. General information                                                                                 114
2. Summary of material accounting policies                                                             114
3. Financial risk management                                                                           128
4. Critical accounting estimates and judgements                                                        132
5. Revenue and segment information                                                                     135
6. Operating costs                                                                                     140
7. Other operating income                                                                              140
8. Other gains/(losses), net                                                                           140
9. Employee benefit expenses                                                                           141
10. Directors’ and management’s emoluments                                                             141
11. Operating profit                                                                                   144
12. Finance costs                                                                                      144
13. Taxation                                                                                           144
14. Earnings per ordinary share                                                                        146
15. Dividends                                                                                          146
16. Property, plant and equipment                                                                      147
17. Right-of-use assets                                                                                148
18. Investment property                                                                                149
19. Investments in joint ventures                                                                      150
20. Investments in associated companies                                                                151
21. Intangible assets                                                                                  151
22. Deferred taxation assets/(liabilities)                                                             152
23. Pension and retirement assets                                                                      153
24. Restricted bank balances                                                                           157
25. Investments at fair value through other comprehensive income                                       157
26. Investments at amortised cost                                                                      157
27. Other non-current assets                                                                           158
28. Inventories                                                                                        158
29. Debtors and prepayments                                                                            159
30. Portfolio investments at fair value through profit or loss                                         161
31. Cash and bank balances                                                                             161
32. Share capital                                                                                      162
33. Reserves                                                                                           162
34. Share-based payments                                                                               163
35. Lease liabilities                                                                                  165
36. Provision                                                                                          165
37. Creditors and accruals                                                                             166
38. Commitments                                                                                        167
39. Notes to consolidated cash flow statement                                                          168
40. Significant related party transactions                                                             170
41. Company balance sheet                                                                              172
42. Approval of consolidated financial statements                                                      173
Principal Subsidiaries, Associated Companies and Joint Ventures                                        174




                                                                   Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                     Annual Report 2025 101
Independent Auditor’s Report

To the Shareholders of Orient Overseas (International) Limited
(incorporated in Bermuda with members’ limited liability)

OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Orient Overseas (International) Limited (“the Company”) and its
subsidiaries (“the Group”) set out on pages 108 to 186, which comprise the consolidated balance sheet as at 31st December 2025,
and the consolidated profit or loss account, the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, the consolidated cash flow
statement and the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial
statements, including material accounting policy information.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group
as at 31st December 2025, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended
in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”)
and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA. Our
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditors’ Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated
Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for
Professional Accountants (“the Code”), as applicable to audits of consolidated financial statements of public interest entities. We
have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the Code. We believe that the audit
evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated
financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial
statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

Key audit matters identified in our audit are summarised as follows:

•    Onerous contract provision for the Terminal Service Agreement (“ TSA”) in Long Beach Container Terminal (“LBCT ”); and

•    Recognition of freight revenue of vessel voyages in progress at the year end.




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
102 Annual Report 2025
                                                                                   Independent Auditor’s Report




The key audit matter                                           How the matter was addressed in our audit
Onerous contract provision for the TSA in LBCT                 Our procedures in relation to the assessment of the provision
                                                               for onerous contract for the TSA included:
Refer to notes 2.16, 4(d) and 36 to the consolidated
financial statements.                                          •   Obtained an understanding of management’s assessment
                                                                   process of the onerous provision for the TSA and
In October 2019, the Group entered into a terminal                 assessed the inherent risk of material misstatement by
service agreement for procuring the placement of an                considering the degree of estimation uncertainty and
annual minimum number of vessel lifts (“MVC”) at Long              factors such as complexity and subjectivity.
Beach Container Terminal ( “LBCT ” ) for each of the
20 years commencing on 1st November 2019 (“ TSA”).             •   Evaluated the appropriateness of the identification of
According to the TSA, the Group is entitled to an excess           expected economic benefits and fulfilment cost element
rebate or obliged to pay a deficiency payment when there           included in management’s assessment through discussion
is surplus or shortfall over the respective MVC for each           with management and corroborated with our review of
year during the contract period.                                   the key terms of the TSA and our understanding of the
                                                                   applicable accounting standard requirements.
A provision should be made for the present obligation
under the TSA where the unavoidable costs of meeting           •   Assessed the calculation methodology and model for
the obligations under the contract exceed the economic             onerous contract provision with the involvement of our
benefits expected to be received under it. Management              in house specialists.
performed an assessment to determine if any onerous
provision for the TSA is required.                             •   Evaluated management’s projected vessel lifts for the
                                                                   remaining contract period under the TSA through
As at 31st December 2025, the Group recognised a                   discussion with management, referencing to market data
provision for onerous contract of US$876.7 million for the         and comparing to historical vessel lifts and trends of
TSA, which is calculated using an expected value approach          LBCT.
involving probability weighted possible scenarios taking
into considerations of respective economic benefits to         •   Assessed the reasonableness of expected bunker costs
be received and associated fulfilment costs during the             with reference to market forecast and other expected
remaining contract period.                                         operating costs and freight rate based on the approved
                                                                   budget, market data, and our knowledge of the business
The estimation of the fulfilment costs and economic                and industry.
benefits over the remaining contract period involves
significant judgements and assumptions including, a) the       •   Checked management’s calculation of the excess rebate
projected vessel lifts to be placed at LBCT, b) the amount         or deficiency payment according to the terms in the TSA
of expected bunker costs and other operating costs, c) the         and the projected vessel lifts at LBCT.
expected freight rate from operating the service routes to/
from LBCT and d) the probability weighting applied to the      •   Evaluated the probability weighting applied to the
possible scenarios prepared by management.                         possible scenarios prepared by management based on
                                                                   our understanding of the Group’s business and industry
We focused on this area because of the significance of the         as well as discussion with management and corroborated
onerous provision as well as the estimation of it involved         with management’s sensitivity analysis on the probability
a high degree of uncertainty. The inherent risk in relation        weighting applied to possible scenarios.
to the onerous contract assessment is significant due to the
complexity of the calculation methodology and model and        •   Evaluated the appropriateness and adequacy of the
high level of subjectivity of management’s judgements and          relevant disclosures made in the Group’s consolidated
assumptions made.                                                  financial statements.

                                                               Based on the procedures performed, we found the calculation
                                                               methodology and model, judgements and assumptions used
                                                               in the estimation of the provision for onerous contract were
                                                               supportable based on available evidence.




                                                                                    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025 103
Independent Auditor’s Report




 The key audit matter                                          How the matter was addressed in our audit
 Recognition of freight revenue of vessel voyages in           Our procedures to address freight revenue of vessel voyages in
 progress at the year end                                      progress at the year end included:

 Refer to notes 2.20, 4(a) and 5 to the consolidated           •    Obtained an understanding of management’s internal
 financial statements.                                              control and estimation process and assessed the level of
                                                                    inherent risk by considering the degree of estimation
 For the year ended 31st December 2025, majority of the             uncertainty and factors such as complexity.
 Group’s revenue of US$9,722.5 million was derived from
 the freight revenue from container transport operation.       •    Understood, evaluated and tested the information
                                                                    technology general control environment of the operation
 The Group recognises freight revenue based on the sailing          and accounting systems used to record the freight
 schedules and the respective freight rates in accordance           revenue transactions.
 with agreements or contracts.
                                                               •    Evaluated and tested the key controls, on a sample basis,
 For voyages in progress at the year end, the Group applies         over the recognition of freight revenue in progress at the
 a percentage of completion to the contracted freight               year end.
 revenue of each voyage and the percentage is determined
 based on the days of vessel voyage completed to date          •    Selected vessel voyages in progress at the year end in the
 relative to the total estimated days required for the              estimation schedule, on a sample basis, and agreed the
 completion of the entire voyage. We focus on the freight           contracted revenue to the data recorded in the operation
 revenue in progress at the year end because the transaction        system.
 volume of the voyages which were in progress at year
 end is significant and complex calculations are involved      •    Assessed the percentage of completion estimated by
 in the estimation of freight revenue on a percentage of            management in respect of the vessel voyages in progress
 completion basis.                                                  at year end, by agreeing the estimated departure dates
                                                                    and arrival dates of vessel voyages in progress in the
                                                                    operation system to the sailing schedules, on a sample
                                                                    basis.

                                                               •    Tested, subsequent to the year end, the actual departure
                                                                    dates and arrival dates of vessel voyages in progress at
                                                                    year end, on a sample basis.

                                                               •    Checked the calculation, on a sample basis, of the
                                                                    estimated freight revenue of vessel voyages in progress at
                                                                    year end.

                                                               We found that management’s estimation of freight revenue
                                                               for vessel voyages in progress at year end are supportable by
                                                               available evidence.




    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
104 Annual Report 2025
                                                                                       Independent Auditor’s Report



OTHER MATTER
The consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31st December 2024 were audited by another auditor who
expressed an unmodified opinion on those statements on 13th March 2025.

OTHER INFORMATION
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all of the information
included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of
assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and,
in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our
knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we
conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to
report in this regard.

RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS OF THE COMPANY AND THE AUDIT COMMITTEE FOR
THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and
fair view in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong
Kong Companies Ordinance and for such internal control as the directors of the Company determine is necessary to enable the
preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability
to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of
accounting unless the directors of the Company either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic
alternative but to do so.

The Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.

AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion, solely to you,
as a body, in accordance with Section 90 of the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda and our agreed terms of engagement, and for
no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will
always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if,
individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis
of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                        Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025 105
Independent Auditor’s Report



As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism
throughout the audit. We also:

•   Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error,
    design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate
    to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for
    one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of
    internal control.

•   Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in
    the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

•   Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
    disclosures made by the directors of the Company.

•   Conclude on the appropriateness of the Company’s directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the
    audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt
    on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to
    draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures
    are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our
    auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

•   Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures,
    and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves
    fair presentation.

•   Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of
    the entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming an opinion on the Group financial statements. We are
    responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed for purposes of the group audit. We remain
    solely responsible for our audit opinion.




    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
106 Annual Report 2025
                                                                                     Independent Auditor’s Report



We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and
significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our
independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the
audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these
matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare
circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing
so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Pang Wai Hang.




SHINEWING (HK) CPA Limited
Certified Public Accountants
Pang Wai Hang
Practising Certificate Number: P05044

Hong Kong
12th March 2026




                                                                                      Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025 107
Consolidated Profit and Loss Account
For the year ended 31st December 2025




 US$’000                                                                  Note        2025          2024

 Revenue                                                                   5     9,722,494     10,701,943
 Operating costs                                                           6     (8,087,978)   (7,880,916)

 Gross profit                                                                    1,634,516      2,821,027
 Other operating income                                                    7       322,277       397,221
 Business and administrative expenses                                             (475,355)     (572,632)
 Reversal of/(provision for) impairment losses on financial assets, net              2,391         (5,640)
 Other gains/(losses), net                                                 8        51,637        (15,132)

 Operating profit                                                          11    1,535,466      2,624,844
 Finance costs                                                             12      (18,291)       (20,618)
 Share of profits of joint ventures                                        19        4,845          4,284
 Share of profits of associated companies                                  20        8,400          5,972

 Profit before taxation                                                          1,530,420      2,614,482
 Taxation                                                                  13      (14,961)       (35,392)

 Profit for the year                                                             1,515,459      2,579,090

 Profit attributable to:
 Equity holders of the Company                                                   1,513,483      2,577,446
 Non-controlling interests                                                           1,976          1,644

                                                                                 1,515,459      2,579,090

 Earnings per ordinary share (US$)                                         14
 Basic and diluted                                                                     2.29          3.90




    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
108 Annual Report 2025
      Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
                                                                               For the year ended 31st December 2025




US$’000                                                                                   2025                 2024

Profit for the year                                                                  1,515,459            2,579,090

Other comprehensive loss:
Item that will not be subsequently reclassified to profit or loss:
Remeasurement (losses)/gains on defined benefit scheme                                   (2,188)              3,278

Items that have been reclassified or may be reclassified subsequently to
  profit or loss:
Currency translation adjustments
  Subsidiaries                                                                           (4,365)             (4,785)
  Joint ventures                                                                           105                 (192)
  Associated companies                                                                   3,098               (1,826)

Total amount that has been reclassified or may be reclassified subsequently
  to profit or loss                                                                      (1,162)             (6,803)

Other comprehensive loss for the year, net of tax                                        (3,350)             (3,525)

Total comprehensive income for the year                                              1,512,109            2,575,565

Total comprehensive income attributable to:
Equity holders of the Company                                                        1,510,180            2,574,003
Non-controlling interests                                                                1,929                1,562

                                                                                     1,512,109            2,575,565




                                                                              Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                Annual Report 2025 109
Consolidated Balance Sheet
As at 31st December 2025




 US$’000                                                        Note        2025         2024

 ASSETS
 Non-current assets
 Property, plant and equipment                                   16     8,500,668    6,710,820
 Right-of-use assets                                             17     1,552,906    1,732,776
 Investment property                                             18      200,000      200,000
 Investments in joint ventures                                   19       10,930       10,005
 Investments in associated companies                             20      139,215      135,303
 Intangible assets                                               21         5,388        4,840
 Deferred taxation assets                                        22       32,691       37,010
 Pension and retirement assets                                   23       16,272       16,973
 Restricted bank balances                                        24            –          292
 Investments at fair value through other comprehensive income    25           34           34
 Investments at amortised cost                                   26       17,000       47,889
 Other non-current assets                                        27       12,912         9,277

                                                                       10,488,016    8,905,219

 Current assets
 Inventories                                                     28      197,308      191,513
 Debtors and prepayments                                         29      685,124      743,603
 Investments at amortised cost                                   26       30,846         4,998
 Portfolio investments at fair value through profit or loss      30       11,134         9,174
 Tax recoverable                                                            8,805        6,650
 Restricted bank balances                                        24         4,634        3,753
 Cash and bank balances                                          31     6,243,182    7,903,473

                                                                        7,181,033    8,863,164

 Total assets                                                          17,669,049   17,768,383

 EQUITY
 Equity holders
 Share capital                                                   32       66,037       66,037
 Reserves                                                        33    13,342,531   13,179,513

                                                                       13,408,568   13,245,550
 Non-controlling interests                                                  4,789        3,947

 Total equity                                                          13,413,357   13,249,497




    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
110 Annual Report 2025
                                                   Consolidated Balance Sheet
                                                                As at 31st December 2025




 US$’000                                  Note               2025                 2024

 LIABILITIES
 Non-current liabilities
 Lease liabilities                         35             711,064              811,607
 Deferred taxation liabilities             22             181,505              184,113
 Provision                                 36             876,745              896,745

                                                        1,769,314            1,892,465

 Current liabilities
 Creditors and accruals                    37           1,802,064            1,930,036
 Lease liabilities                         35             568,384              561,616
 Current taxation                                         115,930              134,769

                                                        2,486,378            2,626,421

 Total liabilities                                      4,255,692            4,518,886

 Total equity and liabilities                          17,669,049           17,768,383




Wan Min                          Tao Weidong
Director                         Director




                                                 Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                   Annual Report 2025 111
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
For the year ended 31st December 2025




 US$’000                                                               Note         2025          2024

 Cash flows from operating activities
   Cash generated from operations                                      39(a)   2,074,791     3,289,661
   Interest and financing charges paid                                           (49,880)      (51,220)
   Income tax paid                                                               (34,140)      (26,926)

   Net cash from operating activities                                          1,990,771     3,211,515

 Cash flows from investing activities
   Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                        44,151        48,543
   Redemption on maturity of investments at amortised cost                         5,000             –
   Proceeds from disposal of portfolio investments at fair value
      through profit or loss                                                            –        5,696
   Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                   (2,013,399)   (1,261,524)
   Purchase of other non-current assets                                          (12,487)        (5,151)
   Investments in associated companies                                                  –      (49,289)
   (Increase)/decrease in restricted bank balances and bank deposits
      maturing more than three months from the date of placement                (896,113)    3,340,267
   Interest received                                                             325,116       420,941
   Dividends and distribution received from investments                              257           322
   Dividends received from joint ventures and associated companies                11,611        11,871

   Net cash (used in)/from investing activities                                (2,535,864)   2,511,676

 Cash flows from financing activities
   Repayment of lease liabilities                                      39(b)    (656,069)     (660,006)
   Dividends paid to equity holders of the Company                             (1,347,162)    (535,563)
   Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                     (1,196)        (882)
   Capital injection from non-controlling interests                                  109             –

   Net cash used in financing activities                                       (2,004,318)   (1,196,451)

 Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                          (2,549,411)   4,526,740
 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                                5,650,964     1,129,210
 Currency translation adjustments                                                  (6,404)       (4,986)

 Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                              39(d)   3,095,149     5,650,964




    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
112 Annual Report 2025
                  Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
                                                                                 For the year ended 31st December 2025




                                                               Equity holders                      Non-
                                                      Share                                   controlling
US$’000                                              capital      Reserves       Sub-total      interests         Total

At 1st January 2024                                  66,037      11,141,059     11,207,096         3,267     11,210,363
Total comprehensive income for the year                   –       2,574,003      2,574,003         1,562      2,575,565
Transactions with owners
  Employee share-based compensation                       –             14              14             –            14
  2023 final dividend                                     –         (95,754)       (95,754)            –        (95,754)
  2023 second special dividend                            –         (23,774)       (23,774)            –        (23,774)
  2024 interim dividend                                   –       (416,035)       (416,035)            –       (416,035)
  Dividends paid to non-controlling interests             –              –               –          (882)          (882)

At 31st December 2024 and 1st January 2025           66,037      13,179,513     13,245,550         3,947     13,249,497
Total comprehensive income for the year                   –       1,510,180      1,510,180         1,929      1,512,109
Transactions with owners
  2024 final dividend                                     –       (871,693)       (871,693)            –       (871,693)
  2025 interim dividend                                   –       (475,469)       (475,469)            –       (475,469)
  Dividends paid to non-controlling interests             –              –               –         (1,196)       (1,196)
  Capital injection from non-controlling interests        –              –               –           109           109

At 31st December 2025                                66,037     13,342,531      13,408,568         4,789     13,413,357




                                                                                Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025 113
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

1. GENERAL INFORMATION
    Orient Overseas (International) Limited (the “Company”) is a members’ limited liability company incorporated in Bermuda.
    The address of its registered office is Clarendon House, 2 Church Street, Hamilton HM 11, Bermuda and the principal office
    is 31st Floor, Harbour Centre, 25 Harbour Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong, China.

    The principal activity of the Company is investment holding and the activities of its principal subsidiaries, associated
    companies and joint ventures are set out on pages 174 to 186 of the consolidated financial statements.

    The Company has its shares listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.

    The ultimate parent company of the Group is China COSCO SHIPPING Corporation Limited (“COSCO SHIPPING”), a
    state-owned enterprise established in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”).

2. SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
    The material accounting policies applied in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements are set out below.
    These policies have been consistently applied to both years presented, unless otherwise stated.

    2.1 Basis of preparation
         The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards issued by
         the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the applicable disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
         Companies Ordinance. They have been prepared under the historical cost convention, as modified by the revaluation
         of investment property, investments at fair value through other comprehensive income and portfolio investments at fair
         value through profit or loss which are carried at fair value.

         The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with HKFRS Accounting Standards requires the use
         of certain critical accounting estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgement in the process of applying
         the Group’s accounting policies. The areas involving a higher degree of judgement or complexity, or areas where
         assumptions and estimates are significant to the consolidated financial statements, are disclosed in note 4.

         The adoption of revised standards
         In 2025, the Group adopted the following amendments to existing standards, which are relevant to its operations.


          Amendments to existing standards
          HKAS 21 and HKFRS 1 (Amendments)              Lack of Exchangeability

         The adoption of the above amendments to existing standards does not have a material impact to the results and financial
         position of the Group.




    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
114 Annual Report 2025
                                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



2. SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
  2.1 Basis of preparation (Continued)
     New standard and amendments and improvement to existing standards and interpretation that are relevant
     to the Group but not yet effective

                                                                                                                 Effective for
       New standard and amendments and improvement to existing standards and                               accounting periods
       interpretation                                                                                    beginning on or after
       HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7               Classification and Measurement of Financial Instruments              1st January 2026
        (Amendments)
       HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7               Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity                   1st January 2026
        (Amendments)
       HKFRS Accounting Standards        Annual Improvements – Volume 11                                      1st January 2026
       HKAS 21 (Amendment)               Translation to a Hyperinflationary Presentation Currency             1st January 2027
       HKFRS 18                          Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements                  1st January 2027
       HK Int 5 (Amendment)              Classification by the Borrower of a Term Loan that                   1st January 2027
                                           Contains a Repayment on Demand Clause
       HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28              Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its           To be announced
        (Amendments)                       Associate or Joint Venture

     The Group has not early adopted the above new standard and amendments and improvement to existing standards
     and interpretation. The Group is in the process of assessing the impact of the new standard on the Group’s accounting
     policies and consolidated financial statements. The adoption of the above amendments and improvement to existing
     standards and interpretation is not expected to have a significant effect on the consolidated financial statements of the
     Group, except that the adoption of HKFRS 18 may have impact on the presentation of the Group’s consolidated financial
     statements.

  2.2 Consolidation
     The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries made up to
     31st December.

     The consolidated financial statements also include the Group’s attributable share of post-acquisition results and reserves
     of its joint ventures and associated companies.

     (a) Subsidiaries
          A subsidiary is an entity (including a structured entity) over which the Group has control. The Group controls an
          entity when the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has
          the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity. Subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on
          which control is transferred to the Group. They are de-consolidated from the date that control ceases.

          The Group uses the acquisition method of accounting to account for business combinations. The consideration
          transferred for the acquisition of a subsidiary is the fair values of the assets transferred, the liabilities incurred
          and the equity interests issued by the Group. The consideration transferred includes the fair value of any asset
          or liability resulting from a contingent consideration arrangement. Acquisition-related costs are expensed as
          incurred. Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination
          are measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition date. The Group recognises any non-controlling
          interest in the acquiree on an acquisition-by-acquisition basis. Non-controlling interests in the acquiree that are
          present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a proportionate share of the entity’s net assets in the event
          of liquidation are measured at either fair value or the present ownership interests’ proportionate share in the
          recognised amounts of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets. All other components of non-controlling interests are
          measured at their acquisition-date fair value, unless another measurement basis is required by HKFRS Accounting
          Standards.




                                                                                    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025 115
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



2. SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
    2.2 Consolidation (Continued)
         (a) Subsidiaries (Continued)
              The excess of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquiree and the
              acquisition-date fair value of any previous equity interest in the acquiree over the fair value of the identifiable net
              assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. If the total of consideration transferred, non-controlling interest recognised
              and previously held interest measured is less than the fair value of the net assets of the subsidiary acquired in the
              case of a bargain purchase, the difference is recognised directly in the consolidated profit and loss account.

              Inter-company transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between group companies are
              eliminated. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment of the
              asset transferred.

         (b) Transactions with non-controlling interests
              Transactions with non-controlling interests that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as equity
              transactions – that is, as transactions with the owners of the subsidiary in their capacity as owners. The difference
              between any consideration paid and the relevant share acquired of the carrying value of net assets of the subsidiary
              is recorded in equity. Gains or losses on disposals to non-controlling interests are also recorded in equity.

         (c) Disposal of subsidiaries
              When the Group ceases to have control, any retained interest in the entity is remeasured to its fair value, with
              the change in carrying amount recognised in profit or loss. The fair value is the initial carrying amount for the
              purposes of subsequent accounting for the retained interest as an associated company, joint venture or financial
              asset. In addition, any amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income in respect of that entity are
              accounted for as if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities. This may mean that amounts
              previously recognised in other comprehensive income are reclassified to profit or loss.

         (d) Joint arrangements
              Joint arrangements are classified as either joint operations or joint ventures depending on the contractual rights
              and obligations of each investor. The Group has assessed the nature of its joint arrangements and determined them
              to be joint ventures. Joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method.

              Under the equity method of accounting, interests in joint ventures are initially recognised at cost and adjusted
              thereafter to recognise the Group’s share of the post-acquisition profits or losses and movements in other
              comprehensive income. When the Group’s share of losses in a joint venture equals or exceeds its interests in the
              joint venture (which includes any long-term interests that, in substance, form part of the Group’s net investment in
              the joint venture), the Group does not recognise further losses, unless it has incurred obligations or made payments
              on behalf of the joint venture.

              Unrealised gains on transactions between the Group and its joint ventures are eliminated to the extent of the
              Group’s interest in the joint ventures. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence
              of an impairment of the asset transferred.




    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
116 Annual Report 2025
                                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



2. SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
  2.2 Consolidation (Continued)
     (e) Associated companies
          Associated companies are all entities over which the Group has significant influence but not control, generally
          accompanying a shareholding of between 20% and 50% of the voting rights. Investments in associated companies
          are accounted for by the equity method of accounting and are initially recognised at cost. The Group’s investments
          in associated companies includes goodwill (net of any accumulated impairment loss) identified on acquisition,
          which represents any excess of the cost of acquisition over the fair value of the Group’s share of the net identifiable
          assets of the acquired associated company.

          If the ownership interest in an associate is reduced but significant influence is retained, only a proportionate
          share of the amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income are reclassified to profit or loss where
          appropriate.

          The Group’s share of its associated companies’ post-acquisition profits or losses is recognised in the consolidated
          profit and loss account, and its share of post-acquisition movements in reserves is recognised in reserves. The
          cumulative post-acquisition movements are adjusted against the carrying amount of the investment. When the
          Group’s share of losses in an associated company equals or exceeds its interest in the associated company, including
          any other unsecured receivables, the Group does not recognise further losses, unless it has incurred obligations or
          made payments on behalf of the associated company.

          Profits and losses resulting from upstream and downstream transactions between the Group and its associated
          companies are recognised in the Group’s financial statements only to the extent of unrelated investor’s interests
          in the associated companies. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of
          an impairment of the asset transferred. Accounting policies of associated companies have been changed where
          necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.

  2.3 Property, plant and equipment
     All property, plant and equipment are stated at historical cost less depreciation and impairment losses. Historical cost
     includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the items. Subsequent costs are included in the
     asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic
     benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. All other
     repairs and maintenance are charged to the consolidated profit and loss account during the financial period in which
     they are incurred.

     No depreciation is provided for assets under construction and freehold land.

     Depreciation of property, plant and equipment is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their cost to their
     residual values over their estimated useful lives, as follows:

     Container vessels                                               25 years
     Capitalised dry-docking costs (note 2.5)                        5 years
     Containers and chassis                                          10 to 15 years
     Freehold buildings                                              Not exceeding 75 years
     Buildings outside Hong Kong                                     Over period of the lease
     Leasehold improvement                                           Over period of the lease or 5 years whichever is lower
     Furniture, vehicles, scrubbers and other vessel equipment,      3 to 15 years
       computer, terminal and other equipment

     The residual values of the assets and their useful lives are reviewed and adjusted if appropriate, at each balance sheet
     date.




                                                                                     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025 117
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



2. SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
    2.3 Property, plant and equipment (Continued)
         The carrying amount of an asset is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the carrying amount of the
         asset is greater than its estimated recoverable amount.

         Gains and losses on disposals are determined as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying
         amounts of the assets and are dealt with in the consolidated profit and loss account.

    2.4 Investment property
         Property that is held for long-term rental yields or for capital appreciation or both, and that is not occupied by the
         companies in the Group, is classified as investment property.

         Investment property is initially measured at cost, including related transaction costs and where applicable borrowing
         costs. After initial recognition, investment property is carried at fair value. Fair value is based on valuation carried out
         semi-annually by an independent external valuer. Changes in fair values are recognised in the consolidated profit and
         loss account.

    2.5 Vessel repairs and surveys
         Upon acquisition of a vessel, the components of the vessel which are required to be replaced at the next dry-docking
         are identified and their costs are depreciated over five years to the next estimated dry-docking date. Costs incurred on
         subsequent dry-docking of vessels are capitalised and depreciated over the period to the next estimated dry-docking
         date. When significant dry-docking costs are incurred prior to the expiry of the depreciation period, the remaining costs
         of the previous dry-docking are written off immediately.

    2.6 Intangible assets
         Computer software
         Costs associated with maintaining computer software programmes are recognised as an expense as incurred. Costs
         that are directly associated with the production of identifiable and unique software products controlled by the Group,
         and that will probably generate economic benefits exceeding costs beyond one year, are recognised as intangible assets.
         Direct costs include the software development employee costs and an appropriate portion of relevant overheads.

         Computer software costs mainly comprise internally generated capitalised software development costs.

         Computer software costs recognised as assets are stated at cost less accumulated amortisation. Amortisation is calculated
         on the straight-line basis over their estimated useful life, with a maximum of five years.

    2.7 Impairment of investments in subsidiaries and non-financial assets
         Assets that have an indefinite useful life are not subject to amortisation, and are at least tested annually for impairment.
         Assets that are subject to amortisation are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
         indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which
         the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of the fair value
         of an asset less costs of disposal and value in use. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the
         lowest levels for which there are separately identifiable cash inflows (cash generating units). Non-financial assets other
         than goodwill that suffered an impairment are reviewed for possible reversal of the impairment at each reporting date.

         Impairment testing of the investments in subsidiaries is required upon receiving dividends from these investments if
         the dividend exceeds the total comprehensive income of the subsidiary in the period the dividend is declared or if the
         carrying amount of the investment in the separate account exceeds the carrying amount in the consolidated financial
         statements of the investee’s net assets including goodwill.




    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
118 Annual Report 2025
                                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



2. SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
  2.8 Investments and other financial assets
      (a) Classification
          The Group classifies its financial assets in the following measurement categories:

          •    those to be measured subsequently at fair value (either through other comprehensive income or through profit
               or loss); and

          •    those to be measured at amortised cost.

          The classification depends on the entity’s business model for managing the financial assets and the contractual
          terms of the cash flows.

          For assets measured at fair value, gains and losses will either be recorded in profit or loss or other comprehensive
          income. For investments in equity instruments that are not held for trading, this will depend on whether the Group
          has made an irrevocable election at the time of initial recognition to account for the equity investment at fair value
          through other comprehensive income.

          The Group reclassifies debt investments when and only when its business model for managing those assets changes.

      (b) Recognition and derecognition
          Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on trade-date, the date on which the Group
          commits to purchase or sell the asset. Financial assets are derecognised when the rights to receive cash flows from
          the financial assets have expired or have been transferred and the Group has transferred substantially all the risks
          and rewards of ownership.

      (c) Measurement
          At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of a financial asset not
          at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition of the financial
          asset. Transaction costs of financial assets carried at fair value through profit or loss are expensed in profit or loss.

          Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirety when determining whether their cash
          flows are solely payment of principal and interest.

          Debt instruments
          Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the Group’s business model for managing the asset and
          the cash flow characteristics of the asset. There are three measurement categories into which the Group classifies its
          debt instruments:

          •    Amortised cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash flows represent
               solely payments of principal and interest are measured at amortised cost. Interest income from these financial
               assets is included in “other operating income” using the effective interest rate method. Any gain or loss
               arising on derecognition is recognised directly in profit or loss and presented in “other gains/(losses), net”
               together with foreign exchange gains and losses. Impairment losses are presented as separate line item in the
               consolidated profit and loss account.




                                                                                       Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025 119
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



2. SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
    2.8 Investments and other financial assets (Continued)
         (c) Measurement (Continued)
              Debt instruments (Continued)
              •     Fair value through other comprehensive income: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash
                    flows and for selling the financial assets, where the assets’ cash flows represent solely payments of principal
                    and interest, are measured at fair value through other comprehensive income. Movements in the carrying
                    amount are taken through other comprehensive income, except for the recognition of impairment gains or
                    losses, interest income and foreign exchange gains and losses which are recognised in profit or loss. When
                    the financial asset is derecognised, the cumulative gain or loss previously recognised in other comprehensive
                    income is reclassified from equity to profit or loss and recognised in “other gains/(losses), net”. Interest
                    income from these financial assets is included in “other operating income” using the effective interest rate
                    method. Foreign exchange gains and losses are presented in “other gains/(losses), net”. Impairment losses are
                    presented as separate line item in the consolidated profit and loss account.

              •     Fair value through profit or loss: Assets that do not meet the criteria for amortised cost or fair value through
                    other comprehensive income are measured at fair value through profit or loss. A gain or loss on a debt
                    investment that is subsequently measured at fair value through profit or loss is recognised in profit or loss and
                    presented net within “other gains/(losses), net” in the period in which it arises.

              Equity instruments
              The Group subsequently measures all equity investments at fair value. Where the Group’s management has elected
              to present fair value gains and losses on equity investments in other comprehensive income, there is no subsequent
              reclassification of fair value gains and losses to profit or loss following the derecognition of the investment.
              Dividends from such investments continue to be recognised in profit or loss as “other operating income” when the
              Group’s right to receive payments is established.

              Changes in the fair value of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are recognised in “other gains/
              (losses), net” in profit or loss as applicable. Impairment losses (and reversal of impairment losses) on equity
              investments measured at fair value through other comprehensive income are not reported separately from other
              changes in fair value.

         (d) Impairment
              The Group assesses on a forward looking basis the expected credit losses associated with its debt instruments
              carried at amortised cost and fair value through other comprehensive income. The impairment methodology
              applied depends on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk.

              For trade receivables, the Group applies the simplified approach permitted by HKFRS 9, which requires expected
              lifetime losses to be recognised from initial recognition of the receivables.

         (e) Offsetting financial instruments
              Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount reported in the consolidated balance sheet when there
              is a legally enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis or
              realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. The legally enforceable right must not be contingent on
              future events and must be enforceable in the normal course of business and in the event of default, insolvency or
              bankruptcy of the company or the counterparty.




    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
120 Annual Report 2025
                                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



2. SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
  2.9 Inventories
      Inventories mainly comprise bunkers and consumable stores. Cost is calculated on weighted average basis. Inventories
      are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary
      course of business, less the costs of completion and selling expenses.

  2.10 Debtors
      Debtors are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest
      method, less provision for impairment. A provision for impairment of debtors is established when there is objective
      evidence that the Group will not be able to collect all amounts due according to the original terms of receivables and is
      also based on expected credit losses rather than only incurred credit losses. The amount of the provision is recognised in
      the consolidated profit and loss account. More information about the impairment policies of debtors is disclosed in note
      3.1(c).

      If collection of debtors is expected in one year or less (or in the normal operating cycle of the business if longer), they
      are classified as current assets. If not, they are presented as non-current assets.

  2.11 Cash and cash equivalents
      Cash and cash equivalents presented in the consolidated cash flow statement include cash in hand, deposits held at call
      with banks and other financial institutions with original maturities of three months or less.

  2.12 Share capital
      Ordinary shares are classified as equity.

      Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares are shown in equity as a deduction, net of tax, from the
      proceeds.

  2.13 Creditors
      Trade creditors are obligations to pay for goods or services that have been acquired in the ordinary course of business
      from suppliers. Creditors are classified as current liabilities if payment is due within one year or less or in the normal
      operating cycle of the business if longer. If not, they are presented as non-current liabilities.

      Trade creditors are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective
      interest method.

  2.14 Current and deferred taxation
      The tax expense for the year comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is recognised in the consolidated profit and loss
      account, except to the extent that it relates to item recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. In
      this case the tax is also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.

      The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively enacted at the balance
      sheet date in the countries where the Company’s subsidiaries, joint ventures and associated companies operate and
      generate taxable income. Management periodically evaluates positions taken in tax returns with respect to situations in
      which applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretation. It establishes provisions where appropriate on the basis of
      amounts expected to be paid to the tax authorities.




                                                                                       Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025 121
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



2. SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
    2.14 Current and deferred taxation (Continued)
         Deferred taxation is provided in full, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising between the tax bases
         of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements. However, if the deferred
         taxation arises from initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction other than a business combination that at
         the time of the transaction affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss and does not give rise to equal taxable
         and deductible temporary differences, it is not accounted for. Deferred taxation is determined using tax rates that have
         been enacted or substantively enacted by the balance sheet date and are expected to apply when the related deferred
         taxation asset is realised or the deferred taxation liability is settled.

         Deferred taxation assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available against
         which the temporary differences can be utilised.

         Deferred taxation is provided on temporary differences arising on investments in subsidiaries, associated companies and
         joint ventures, except where the timing of the reversal of the temporary difference is controlled by the Group and it is
         probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

         Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets
         against current tax liabilities and when the deferred income tax assets and liabilities related to income taxes levied by the
         same taxation authority on either the taxable entity or different taxable entities where there is an intention to settle the
         balances on a net basis.

    2.15 Employee benefits
         (a) Pension obligations
              The Group operates a number of defined benefit and defined contribution pension and retirement benefit schemes
              in the main countries in which the Group operates. These schemes are generally funded by payments from
              employees and by relevant group companies, taking into account of the recommendations of independent qualified
              actuaries where required.

              A defined benefit plan is a pension plan that is not a defined contribution plan. Typically defined benefit plans
              define an amount of pension benefit that an employee will receive on retirement, usually dependent on one or more
              factors such as age, years of service and compensation.

              The liability recognised in the consolidated balance sheet in respect of defined benefit pension plans is the present
              value of the defined benefit obligation at the balance sheet date less the fair value of plan assets. The defined benefit
              obligation is calculated annually by independent actuaries using the projected expected benefit payments. The
              present value of the defined benefit obligation is determined by discounting the estimated future cash outflows
              using interest rates of high quality corporate bonds that are denominated in the currency in which the benefits will
              be paid, and that have terms to maturity approximating to the terms of the related pension obligation. In countries
              where there is no deep market in such bonds, the market rates on government bonds are used.

              The current service cost of the defined benefit plan, recognised in the consolidated profit and loss account in
              employee benefit expense, except where included in the cost of an asset, reflects the increase in the defined benefit
              obligation results from employee service in the current year, benefit changes, curtailments and settlements.

              Past-service costs are recognised immediately in the consolidated profit and loss account.

              The net interest cost is calculated by applying the discount rate to the net balance of the defined benefit obligation
              and the fair value of plan assets. This cost is included in employee benefit expense in the consolidated profit and
              loss account.




    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
122 Annual Report 2025
                                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



2. SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
  2.15 Employee benefits (Continued)
      (a) Pension obligations (Continued)
           Actuarial gains and losses arising from experience adjustments and changes in actuarial assumptions are charged or
           credited to equity in other comprehensive income in the period in which they arise.

           Contributions under the defined contribution schemes are recognised as employee benefit expense when they are
           due and are reduced by contributions forfeited by those employees who leave the scheme prior to vesting fully in
           the contributions. Prepaid contributions are recognised as an asset to the extent that a cash refund or a reduction in
           the future payments is available.

      (b) Bonus plans
           The Group recognises a liability and an expense for bonuses, based on a formula that takes into consideration
           the profit attributable to the Company’s shareholders after certain adjustments. The Group recognises a provision
           where contractually obliged or where there is a past practice that has created a constructive obligation.

      (c) Employee leave entitlements
           Employee entitlements to annual leave are recognised when they accrue to employees. A provision is made for
           the estimated liability for annual leave as a result of services rendered by employees up to the balance sheet date.
           Employee entitlements to sick leave and maternity leave are not recognised until the time of leave.

      (d) Share-based payments
          Employee services settled in equity instruments
           An intermediate holding company of the Group operates an equity-settled, share-based compensation plan. The
           fair value of the employee services received in exchange for the grant of the share options of the intermediate
           holding company is recognised as an expense. The total amount to be expensed over the vesting period is
           determined by reference to the fair value of the options granted, excluding the impact of any non-market vesting
           conditions. Non-market vesting conditions are included in assumptions about the number of options that are
           expected to become exercisable. At each balance sheet date, the Group revises its estimates of the number of
           options that are expected to become exercisable. It recognises the impact of the revision of original estimates, if any,
           in the consolidated profit and loss account, and a corresponding adjustment to equity over the remaining vesting
           period.

  2.16 Provisions
      Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past events; it is
      probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation; and the amount can be reliably estimated.

      Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outflow will be required in settlement is
      determined by considering the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is recognised even if the likelihood of an
      outflow with respect to any one item included in the same class of obligations may be small.

      A provision for onerous contracts is recognised where the unavoidable costs of meeting the obligations under the
      contracts exceed the economic benefits expected to be received under them and its carrying amount is the present value
      of those cash flows (where the effect of the time value of money is material).

      The unavoidable costs under a contract reflect the least net cost of exiting from the contract, which is the lower of the
      cost of fulfilling it and any compensation or penalties arising from failure to fulfil it.




                                                                                       Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025 123
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



2. SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
    2.16 Provisions (Continued)
         The cost of fulfilling a contract comprises the costs that relate directly to the contract. Costs that relate directly to a
         contract consist of both:

         •    the incremental costs of fulfilling that contract – for example, cargo cost; and

         •    an allocation of other costs that relate directly to fulfilling contracts – for example, an allocation of the depreciation
              charge for an item of property, plant and equipment used in fulfilling that contract among others.

    2.17 Financial guarantee contracts
         Financial guarantee contracts are recognised as a financial liability at the time the guarantee is issued. The liability is
         initially measured at fair value and subsequently at the higher of:

         •    the amount determined in accordance with the expected credit loss model under HKFRS 9 “Financial
              Instruments”; and

         •    the amount initially recognised less, where appropriate, the cumulative amount of income recognised in
              accordance with the principles of HKFRS 15 “Revenue from Contracts with Customers”.

         The fair value of financial guarantees is determined based on the present value of the difference in cash flows between
         the contractual payments required under the debt instrument and the payments that would be required without the
         guarantee, or the estimated amount that would be payable to a third party for assuming the obligations.

         Where guarantees in relation to loans or other payables of associated companies and joint ventures are provided for no
         compensation, the fair values are accounted for as contributions and recognised as part of the cost of the investment.

    2.18 Segment information
         Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief operating
         decision-makers. The chief operating decision-makers, who are responsible for allocating resources and assessing
         performance of the operating segments and making strategic decisions, have been identified as the Executive Directors.

    2.19 Foreign currency translation
         (a) Functional and presentation currency
              Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using the currency of
              the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional currency”). The consolidated
              financial statements are presented in US dollars, which is the Company’s functional currency and the Group’s
              presentation currency.

         (b) Transactions and balances
              Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates prevailing at the
              dates of the transactions. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and
              from the translation at year-end exchange rates of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies
              are recognised in the consolidated profit and loss account.

              Changes in the fair value of debt securities denominated in foreign currency classified as investments at fair value
              through other comprehensive income are analysed between translation differences resulting from changes in the
              amortised cost of the security and other changes in the carrying amount of the security. Translation differences
              related to changes in amortised cost are recognised in profit or loss, and other changes in carrying amount are
              recognised in other comprehensive income.




    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
124 Annual Report 2025
                                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



2. SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
  2.19 Foreign currency translation (Continued)
      (b) Transactions and balances (Continued)
            Translation differences on non-monetary items, such as equities held at fair value through profit or loss, are
            reported as part of the fair value gain or loss. Translation differences on non-monetary items, such as equities
            classified as investments at fair value through other comprehensive income, are included in the investments
            revaluation reserve in other comprehensive income.

      (c) Group companies
            The results and financial position of all the group entities (none of which has the currency of a hyperinflationary
            economy) that have a functional currency different from the presentation currency are translated into the
            presentation currency as follows:

            (i)   assets and liabilities for each balance sheet presented are translated at the closing rate at the date of that
                  balance sheet;

            (ii) income and expenses for each profit and loss account are translated at average exchange rates (unless
                 this average is not a reasonable approximation of the cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on the
                 transaction dates, in which case income and expenses are translated at the rates prevailing on the dates of the
                 transactions); and

            (iii) all resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income.

            On consolidation, exchange differences arising from the translation of the net investment in foreign entities,
            and of borrowings and other currency instruments designated as hedges of such investments, are taken to other
            comprehensive income. When a foreign operation is sold, such exchange differences are recognised in the
            consolidated profit and loss account as part of the gain or loss on sale.

            Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition of a foreign entity are treated as assets and liabilities
            of the foreign entity and translated at the closing rate.

  2.20 Revenue recognition
      Revenue comprises the fair value of the consideration received or receivable for the sale of services, net of value-added
      tax, rebates and discounts and after eliminating sales within the Group. Revenue is recognised as follows:

      (i)   freight revenues from the operation of the container transport are recognised over time which is determined on the
            percentage of completion basis of each individual vessel voyage;

      (ii) revenues from logistics business are recognised when services are rendered or over time which is determined on
           the percentage of completion basis of the progress of the transportation;

      (iii) revenues from the provision of other services are recognised when services are rendered; and

      (iv) rental income under operating leases is recognised over the periods of the respective leases on a straight-line basis.

  2.21 Interest income
      Interest income is recognised on a time-proportion basis using the effective interest method.




                                                                                        Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025 125
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



2. SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
    2.22 Dividend income
         Dividend income is recognised when the right to receive payment is established.

    2.23 Contract assets and contract liabilities
         Upon entering into a contract with a customer, the Group obtains rights to receive consideration from the customer
         and assumes performance obligations to transfer goods or provide services to the customer. The combination of those
         rights and performance obligations gives rise to a net asset or a net liability depending on the relationship between
         the remaining rights and the performance obligations. The contract is an asset and recognised as contract assets if the
         measure of the remaining rights exceeds the measure of the remaining performance obligations. Conversely, the contract
         is a liability and recognised as contract liabilities if the measure of the remaining performance obligations exceeds the
         measure of the remaining rights.

    2.24 Leases
         Leases are recognised as a right-of-use asset and a corresponding liability at the date at which the leased asset is available
         for use by the Group.

         Contracts may contain both lease and non-lease components. The Group allocates the consideration in the contract
         to the lease and non-lease components based on their relative stand-alone prices. However, for leases of real estate for
         which the Group is a lessee, it has elected not to separate lease and non-lease components and instead accounts for these
         as a single lease component.

         Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis. Lease liabilities include the net
         present value of the following lease payments:

         •    fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives receivable;

         •    variable lease payment that are based on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or rate as at the
              commencement date;

         •    amounts expected to be payable by the Group under residual value guarantees;

         •    the exercise price of a purchase option if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise that option; and

         •    payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising that option.

         Lease payments to be made under reasonably certain extension options are also included in the measurement of the
         liability.

         The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot be readily determined,
         which is generally the case for leases in the Group, the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate is used, being the rate that the
         individual lessee would have to pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of similar value to the right-of-use
         asset in a similar economic environment with similar terms, security and conditions.

         The Group is exposed to potential future increases in variable lease payments based on an index or rate, which are not
         included in the lease liability until they take effect. When adjustments to lease payments based on an index or rate take
         effect, the lease liability is reassessed and adjusted against the right-of-use asset.

         Lease payments are allocated between principal and finance cost. The finance cost is charged to profit or loss over the
         lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability for each period.




    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
126 Annual Report 2025
                                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



2. SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
  2.24 Leases (Continued)
      Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the following:

      •    the amount of the initial measurement of lease liability;

      •    any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received;

      •    any initial direct costs; and

      •    restoration costs.

      Right-of-use assets are generally depreciated over the shorter of the asset’s useful life and the lease term on a straight-
      line basis. If the Group is reasonably certain to exercise a purchase option, the right-of-use asset is depreciated over the
      underlying asset’s useful life.

      Payments associated with short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised on a straight-line basis as
      an expense in profit or loss. Short-term leases are leases with a lease term of twelve months or less. Low-value assets
      comprise containers and small items of office furniture.

      Lease income from operating leases where the Group is a lessor is recognised in income on a straight-line basis over
      the lease term. Initial direct costs incurred in obtaining an operating lease are added to the carrying amount of the
      underlying asset and recognised as expense over the lease term on the same basis as lease income. The respective leased
      assets are included in the consolidated balance sheet based on their nature.

      HKFRS 16 requires sale and leaseback transactions to be determined based on the requirement of HKFRS 15 as to
      whether the transfer of the relevant asset should be accounted as a sale.

  2.25 Borrowing costs
      Borrowing costs are expensed in the consolidated profit and loss account in the period in which they are incurred,
      except to the extent that they are capitalised as being directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production
      of a qualifying asset which necessarily takes a substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use or sale.

      The capitalisation of borrowing costs as part of the cost of a qualifying asset commences when expenditure for the
      asset is being incurred, borrowing costs are being incurred and activities that are necessary to prepare the asset for its
      intended use or sale are in progress. Capitalisation of borrowing costs is suspended or ceases when substantially all the
      activities necessary to prepare the qualifying asset for its intended use or sale are interrupted or completed.

  2.26 Subsidies
      Subsidies are recognised at their fair value where there is a reasonable assurance that the subsidy will be received and the
      Group will comply with all attached conditions.

      Subsidies relating to the purchase of property, plant and equipment are recognised as a deduction from the carrying
      amount of the related assets in the consolidated balance sheet and are credited to profit or loss on a straight-line basis
      over the expected lives of the related assets.

  2.27 Dividend distribution
      Dividend distribution to the Company’s equity holders is recognised as a liability in the Group’s consolidated financial
      statements in the period in which the dividends are approved by the Company’s Directors/equity holders.




                                                                                      Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025 127
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



3. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
    3.1 Financial risk factors
         The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: foreign exchange risk, price risk, credit risk, liquidity risk
         and cash flow interest rate risk. The Group’s overall risk management policy focuses on the unpredictability of financial
         markets and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance.

         The Group has regularly monitored current and expected liquidity requirements against the cash on hand, expected
         net operating cash flow, committed facilities and its compliance with loan covenants, to ensure the Group’s liquidity
         requirements can be met in the short and longer term.

         The Group has paid ongoing attention on credit quality of counterparties, in particular major customers and
         financial institutions with relationship in terms of debt securities and cash transactions. Credit qualities of respective
         counterparties are disclosed in respective notes to the consolidated financial statements.

         (a) Foreign exchange risk
              The Group operates internationally and is exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from various currency
              exposures, primarily with respect to fluctuation in the exchange rates of foreign currencies to the US dollars.

              Income and expenses from container transport and logistics activities are mainly denominated in US dollars and in
              various currencies, mainly including Australian dollars, Canadian dollars, Euro, Japanese yen, Pound sterling and
              Renminbi.

              To limit currency exposure, the US dollar based activities are financed primarily by debts in US dollars. With all
              other variables held constant, an average change in the US dollar exchange rate of 1%, compared with all other
              non-US dollar related currencies, has a positive/negative effect on the results for 2025 of approximately US$4.1
              million (2024: US$4.3 million).

         (b) Price risk
              The container transport and logistics activities are sensitive to economic fluctuations. The Group is exposed to
              freight rate risk. The Group’s revenue will increase/decrease by US$84.6 million (2024: US$94.5 million) for 1%
              increase/decrease of the average container freight rates with all other variables held constant.

              The Group is exposed to bunker price risk for its container transport and logistics activities. Bunker cost is one of
              the major cost components of container transport and logistics activities. An increase in bunker price can only be
              partially compensated through freight surcharge bunker price adjustment. With all other variables held constant,
              the operating costs will be increased by approximately US$2.3 million (2024: US$2.1 million) for one US dollar
              increase in bunker price per ton.

              The Group is also exposed to equity securities price risk because investments held by the Group include
              investments at fair value through other comprehensive income or portfolio investments at fair value through profit
              or loss which are accounted at fair value. To manage its price risk arising from investments in equity securities,
              the Group diversifies its portfolio. If the prices of the respective quoted equity securities of the Group had been
              increased/decreased by 1% and all other variables held constant, the profit after taxation of the Group for the year
              ended 31st December 2025 would increase/decrease by US$0.1 million (2024: US$0.1 million) as a result of the
              changes in fair value of equity securities under portfolio investments at fair value through profit or loss.

         (c) Credit risk
              The Group has no significant concentrations of credit risk. It has policies in place to ensure that services are
              provided to customers with an appropriate credit history.

              The extent of the Group’s credit exposure is mainly represented by the aggregate balance of cash and bank balances,
              investments at amortised cost, restricted bank balances, trade receivables and other receivables. The credit quality
              of these exposures is disclosed in relevant notes to the consolidated financial statements.



    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
128 Annual Report 2025
                                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



3. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
  3.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)
      (c) Credit risk (Continued)
          For the instalments paid to a fellow subsidiary and a related company for the vessels under construction, the Group
          obtained guarantee from banks. The banks are major financial institutions which management believes are of high
          credit quality without significant credit risk.

      (d) Liquidity risk
          Prudent liquidity risk management implies maintaining sufficient cash and cash equivalents, the availability of
          funding through an adequate amount of committed credit facilities and the ability to close out market positions.
          The Group aims to maintain flexibility in funding by keeping sufficient cash and cash equivalents and readily
          realisable liquid assets.

          Surplus cash held by the operating entities over and above balance required for working capital management is
          transferred to the Group Treasury. Group Treasury invests surplus cash in interest bearing current accounts, time
          deposits, money market deposits and marketable securities, choosing instruments with appropriate maturities or
          sufficient liquidity to provide sufficient head-room. At the reporting date, the Group held cash and bank balances
          of US$6,243.2 million (2024: US$7,903.5 million) that are expected to readily generate cash inflows for managing
          liquidity risk.

          The table below analyses the Group’s non-derivative financial liabilities into relevant maturity groupings based on
          the remaining period at the balance sheet date to the contractual maturity date. The amounts disclosed in the table
          are the contractual undiscounted cash flows. Balances due within twelve months equal their carrying balances as
          the impact of discounting is not significant.


                                                           Less than        Between 1         Between 2               Over
           US$’000                                            1 year       and 2 years       and 5 years            5 years
           At 31st December 2025
           Lease liabilities                                 602,228           387,945           316,402            41,247
           Creditors and accruals                          1,782,415                 –                 –                 –

           At 31st December 2024
           Lease liabilities                                 600,485           432,401           405,349              7,160
           Creditors and accruals                          1,910,418                 –                 –                  –

      (e) Cash flow interest rate risk
          The Group’s income and operating cash flows are substantially independent of changes in market interest rates. The
          Group has a policy to place surplus funds with creditable financial institutions which offer the best return for the
          Group on a short-term basis.

          The Group is exposed to cash flow interest rate risk through the impact of rate changes on interest bearing bank
          balances and lease liabilities.

          At 31st December 2025, if interest rates had been 0.1% higher/lower with all other variables held constant, post-tax
          profit for the year would have been US$5.9 million higher/lower (2024: US$7.4 million higher/lower), mainly as a
          result of higher/lower net interest income on the net floating rate bank balances.




                                                                                   Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025 129
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



3. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
    3.2 Capital risk management
         The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern
         in order to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders and to maintain an optimal capital
         structure to reduce the cost of capital.

         In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the amount of dividends paid to equity
         holders, return capital to equity holders, issue new shares or sell assets to reduce debt.

         Consistent with others in the industry, the Group monitors capital on the basis of the gearing ratio. This ratio is
         calculated as net cash divided by total equity. Net cash is calculated as total lease liabilities (including “current and non-
         current lease liabilities” as shown in the consolidated balance sheet) less cash and bank balances.

         The gearing ratios at 31st December 2025 and 2024 are as follows:


             US$’000                                                                                      2025                  2024
             Total lease liabilities (note 35)                                                      (1,279,448)           (1,373,223)
             Less: Cash and bank balances (note 31)                                                  6,243,182             7,903,473

             Net cash                                                                                4,963,734             6,530,250

             Total equity                                                                           13,413,357            13,249,497

             Gearing ratio                                                                                    N/A                N/A

         The change in net cash position results primarily from the purchase of property, plant and equipment during the year.

    3.3 Fair value estimation
         The financial instruments that are measured in the consolidated balance sheet at fair value, require disclosure of fair
         value measurements by level of the following fair value measurement hierarchy:

         •      Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1).

         •      Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly
                (that is, as prices) or indirectly (that is, derived from prices) (level 2).

         •      Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (that is, unobservable inputs) (level 3).

         The following table presents the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value at 31st December 2025 and 2024:


                                                                                                          2025

             US$’000                                                                     Level 1              Level 3           Total
             Assets
             Portfolio investments at fair value through profit or loss
               Equity securities                                                         11,134                     –         11,134
             Investments at fair value through other comprehensive income
               Unlisted equity securities                                                      –                    34             34

             Total                                                                       11,134                     34        11,168




    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
130 Annual Report 2025
                                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



3. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
  3.3 Fair value estimation (Continued)

                                                                                                      2024

       US$’000                                                                       Level 1            Level 3               Total
       Assets
       Portfolio investments at fair value through profit or loss
         Equity securities                                                             9,174                  –              9,174
       Investments at fair value through other comprehensive income
         Unlisted equity securities                                                        –                 34                  34

       Total                                                                           9,174                 34              9,208

     There were no transfers among levels 1, 2 and 3 during the year.

     The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets is based on quoted market prices at the balance sheet
     date. A market is regarded as active if quoted prices are readily and regularly available from an exchange, dealer, broker,
     industry group, pricing service, or regulatory agency, and those prices represent actual and regularly occurring market
     transactions on an arm’s length basis. The quoted market price used for financial assets held by the Group is the current
     bid price. These instruments are included in level 1. Instruments included in level 1 comprise portfolio investments at
     fair value through profit or loss.

     The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market (for example, over-the-counter
     derivatives) is determined by using valuation techniques. These valuation techniques maximise the use of observable
     market data where it is available and rely as little as possible on entity specific estimates. If all significant inputs required
     to fair value an instrument are observable, the instrument is included in level 2.

     If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument is included in level 3.

     Specific valuation techniques used to value level 3 financial instruments include dealer quotes.

     There were no changes in valuation techniques during the year.

     Instruments included in level 3 comprise unlisted equity securities classified as investments at fair value through other
     comprehensive income.

     There were no movements in level 3 instruments during the year.

     The fair values of debtors, cash and bank balances, restricted bank balances, other financial assets and creditors
     approximate their carrying amounts due to the short-term maturities of these assets and liabilities.




                                                                                        Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025 131
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



4. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS
    Estimates and judgements used in preparing the consolidated financial statements are continually evaluated and are based on
    historical experience and other factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the
    circumstances.

    The resulting accounting estimates will, by definition, seldom equal the related actual results. The estimates and assumptions
    that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next
    financial year are discussed below.

    (a) Recognition of freight revenue of vessel voyages in progress at year end
         The Group recognises freight revenue from container transport operation based on the sailing schedules and the
         respective freight rates. For vessel voyages in progress at the year end, the Group applies a percentage of completion
         to the freight revenue under each vessel voyage and the percentage is determined based on the days of vessel voyage
         completed to date relative to total estimated days required for the completion of the entire voyage. If the total estimated
         vessel voyage days were different from the estimate, this would have an impact on the freight revenue in the following
         reporting period.

         Had the percentage of completion to freight revenue from vessel voyages in progress at year end been decreased or
         increased by 10% from management’s estimate for the year ended 31st December 2025, the revenue would have been
         US$7.3 million (2024: US$11.1 million) lower or higher in the current period.

         Changes in management’s estimate of freight revenue for vessel voyages in progress at year end could cause a material
         change in freight revenue recognised in the current period.

    (b) Property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets
         Management determines the estimated useful lives and residual values for the Group’s property, plant and equipment,
         right-of-use assets and intangible assets. Management will revise the depreciation and amortisation charges where useful
         lives and residual values are different from previously estimated.

         Management determines the estimated useful lives and related depreciation expenses for the vessels and containers.
         Management estimates useful lives of its vessels and containers by reference to expected usage of the vessels and
         containers, expected repair and maintenance, and technical or commercial obsolescence arising from changes or
         improvements in the market. It could change significantly as a result of the changes of these factors.

         Were the useful lives of vessels and containers to differ by 10% from management estimates with all other variables
         held constant, it is estimated that depreciation expense would increase or decrease by approximately US$130.6 million
         or US$79.9 million respectively for the year ended 31st December 2025 (2024: US$116.7 million or US$70.6 million
         respectively).

         Management determines the residual values for its vessels and containers. This estimate is based on the current
         scrap values of steels in an active market at each measurement date since management decides to dispose of the fully
         depreciated vessels and containers as scrap steels. Depreciation expense would increase where the residual values are less
         than previously estimated values, or vice versa.

         Were the residual values of vessels and containers to differ by 10% from management estimates with all other variables
         held constant, it is estimated that depreciation expense would increase or decrease by approximately US$24.7 million
         or US$22.8 million respectively for the year ended 31st December 2025 (2024: US$22.3 million or US$17.7 million
         respectively).




    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
132 Annual Report 2025
                                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



4. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS (CONTINUED)
  (c) Accrual for operating costs
      Operating costs mainly comprise cargo and logistics costs, vessel and voyage costs and equipment and repositioning
      costs. Invoices in relation to these expenses are received several months after the expenses have been incurred.
      Consequently, recognition of accrued operating costs is based on the known services entered, pattern of historical costs
      as well as the estimated vendor tariffs.

      If the actual expenses of a voyage differ from the estimated expenses, this will have an impact on operating costs in
      future periods.

  (d) Commitment to long-term service agreement
      The Group entered into a Terminal Service Agreement (“ TSA”) in October 2019 following the completion of the
      disposal of Long Beach Container Terminal (“LBCT ”). According to the TSA, the Group committed to place, or procure
      the placement of an annual minimum number of vessel lifts (“MVC”) for 20 years. Failure to meet the committed
      volume for each of the contract year would require certain level of deficiency payment as stipulated in the TSA.

      As at 31st December 2025, the Group reassessed the expected number of vessel lifts in LBCT for each of the remaining
      contract years with reference to future prospects of the market and its expected load factor. The current economic
      environment, tariff policies and other targeted policies in the USA are still highly uncertain. Frequent shifts in tariff
      policies and the exceptionally intense market competition are expected to have some negative impact on the demand/
      import of the USA in the near future. As at 31st December 2025, with these uncertainties over such a long-term contract
      period, management reassessed that the projected vessel lifts in LBCT would result in a shortfall on minimum volume
      commitment over the remaining contract period.

      As such, the Group further estimated the present value of the unavoidable costs of meeting the obligations under the
      remaining term of the TSA (till October 2039) and the corresponding associated economic benefits in relation to
      the Group with reference to a) the expected number of vessel lifts; b) the expected amount of deficiency payment/
      excess rebates as stipulated in the TSA when the volume is below/in excess of the MVC; c) the expected operating
      costs (including cargo and logistics costs, vessel and voyage costs and equipment and repositioning costs); and d) the
      associated income expected to be earned from operating the service routes to/from LBCT. Based on the assessment
      performed by management, an onerous provision of US$876.7 million (2024: US$896.7 million) was recognised as at
      31st December 2025.

      The Group applied the expected value approach considering several probability-weighted possible scenarios which
      included adjusting key assumptions such as volume, freight rate, bunker cost and probability applied on the scenarios.
      The onerous contract assessment involves a significant level of management estimates and judgement, including the
      future profitability generated from routes using LBCT and the expected number of vessel lifts handled in LBCT during
      the remaining contract term. To the extent that the actual results differ from these estimates, the amount of provision
      will be differed and will affect the consolidated profit and loss account. The provision, including the estimates and
      assumptions contained therein, are reviewed regularly by management. The key assumptions used by management as at
      31st December 2025 and 2024 are as follows:




                                                                                    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025 133
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



4. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS (CONTINUED)
    (d) Commitment to long-term service agreement (Continued)

                                                                                           Range under several possible scenarios

             Key assumptions                                                                            2025                  2024
             Volume growth rate                                                                  -9% to +2%            -8% to +2%
             Freight rate growth rate                                                          -17% to +83%          -23% to +72%
             Bunker cost                                                                        -5% to +10%           -5% to +10%
                                                                                           on fuel oil futures   on fuel oil futures
             Probability weighting applied                                                         2% to 60%            2% to 60%


         The major changes in key assumptions from previous year are as follows:

         •      adjusted the inflation rate based on the latest market information;

         •      adjusted the discount rate based on the latest rate for the US Treasury Bills;

         •      adjusted the bunker price based on the latest futures in the market; and

         •      adjusted the freight rate based on the updated normalised rate from actual results, together with the latest inflation
                rate and forward bunker price.

         For illustration purpose, management has performed sensitivity analysis by adjusting the probability applied to the
         possible scenarios. The effects for the respective sensitivity analysis, holding other factors constant, are set out below:



             Sensitivity cases                                           Change of onerous provision as at 31st December 2025
             Changing the most probable scenario from 60% to 100%        Decrease by approximately US$15 million
             Changing the most probable scenario from 60% to 40%         Increase by approximately US$50 million
               and the most probable pessimistic scenario from 15%
               to 35%
             Changing the most probable scenario from 60% to 40%         Decrease by approximately US$37 million
               and the most probable optimistic scenario from 15%
               to 35%



             Sensitivity cases                                           Change of onerous provision as at 31st December 2024
             Changing the most probable scenario from 60% to 100%        Decrease by approximately US$13 million
             Changing the most probable scenario from 60% to 40%         Increase by approximately US$53 million
               and the most probable pessimistic scenario from 15%
               to 35%
             Changing the most probable scenario from 60% to 40%         Decrease by approximately US$39 million
               and the most probable optimistic scenario from 15%
               to 35%




    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
134 Annual Report 2025
                                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



4. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS (CONTINUED)
  (e) Income taxes
     The Group is subject to income tax in numerous jurisdictions. Significant judgement is required in determining
     the worldwide provision for income taxes. There are many transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax
     determination is uncertain during the ordinary course of business. Where the final tax outcome of these matters is
     different from the amounts that were initially recorded, such differences will impact the income tax and deferred tax
     provisions in the period in which such determination is made.

     Deferred tax liabilities have been established for income tax and withholding tax that would be payable on profits of
     overseas subsidiaries to be repatriated and distributed by way of dividends as the Directors consider that distribution
     from subsidiaries would be made in the foreseeable future (note 22).

     Recognition of deferred tax assets, which principally relate to tax losses, depends on management’s expectation of future
     taxable profit that will be available against which tax losses can be utilised. The outcome of their actual utilisation may
     be different.

5. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
  (a) Revenue

      US$’000                                                                                     2025                  2024
      Container transport and logistics                                                      9,698,025            10,678,645
      Others                                                                                    24,469                23,298

                                                                                             9,722,494            10,701,943

     The principal activities of the Group are container transport and logistics.

     Revenue comprises gross freight income, service and other income from the operation of the container transport and
     logistics and rental income from the investment property.

  (b) Segment information
     The principal activities of the Group are container transport and logistics. Container transport and logistics include
     global containerised shipping services in major trade lanes, covering Trans-Pacific, Trans-Atlantic, Asia/Europe and
     Intra-Asia/Australasia trades, and integrated services over the management and control of effective storage and flow
     of goods. In accordance with the Group’s internal financial reporting provided to the chief operating decision-makers,
     who are responsible for allocating resources, assessing performance of the operating segments and making strategic
     decisions, the reportable operating segments are container transport and logistics and others. The Executive Directors
     are the Group’s chief operating decision-makers.




                                                                                     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025 135
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



5. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
    (b) Segment information (Continued)
         Operating segments
         The segment results for the year ended 31st December 2025 are as follows:


                                                                              Container
                                                                              transport
          US$’000                                                           and logistics   Others         Total
          Revenue from contracts with customers:
            Over time                                                          9,504,609         –     9,504,609
          Revenue from other source                                              193,416    24,469       217,885

                                                                               9,698,025    24,469     9,722,494
          Other operating income                                                 317,708     4,569       322,277

                                                                              10,015,733    29,038    10,044,771

          Operating profit                                                     1,527,553     7,913     1,535,466
          Finance costs                                                          (18,291)        –       (18,291)
          Share of profits of joint ventures                                       4,845         –         4,845
          Share of profits of associated companies                                 8,400         –         8,400

          Profit before taxation                                               1,522,507     7,913     1,530,420
          Taxation                                                               (14,613)     (348)      (14,961)

          Profit for the year                                                  1,507,894     7,565     1,515,459

          Fair value loss from an investment property                                  –     2,246         2,246
          Additions to non-current assets*                                     2,630,050     2,246     2,632,296
          Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                          526,554        15       526,569
          Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                    464,319         –       464,319
          Amortisation of intangible assets                                        3,243         –         3,243




    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
136 Annual Report 2025
                                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



5. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
  (b) Segment information (Continued)
     Operating segments (Continued)
     The segment results for the year ended 31st December 2024 are as follows:


                                                                                      Container
                                                                                       transport
         US$’000                                                                    and logistics             Others                Total
         Revenue from contracts with customers:
           Over time                                                                 10,514,679                    –          10,514,679
         Revenue from other source                                                      163,966               23,298             187,264

                                                                                     10,678,645               23,298          10,701,943
         Other operating income                                                         379,542               17,679             397,221

                                                                                     11,058,187               40,977          11,099,164

         Operating profit/(loss)                                                       2,655,247             (30,403)          2,624,844
         Finance costs                                                                   (20,618)                  –             (20,618)
         Share of profits of joint ventures                                                4,284                   –               4,284
         Share of profits of associated companies                                          5,972                   –               5,972

         Profit/(loss) before taxation                                                 2,644,885             (30,403)          2,614,482
         Taxation                                                                        (47,751)             12,359             (35,392)

         Profit/(loss) for the year                                                    2,597,134             (18,044)          2,579,090

         Fair value loss from an investment property                                           –              50,531              50,531
         Additions to non-current assets*                                              1,911,134                 537           1,911,671
         Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                   434,285                  14             434,299
         Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                             462,409                   –             462,409
         Amortisation of intangible assets                                                 4,207                   –               4,207

     *      Additions to non-current assets comprise additions to property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets, investment property and
            intangible assets.




                                                                                             Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                               Annual Report 2025 137
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



5. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
    (b) Segment information (Continued)
         Operating segments (Continued)
         The segment assets and liabilities at 31st December 2025 and 2024 are as follows:


                                                                                             2025
                                                                        Container
                                                                        transport
          US$’000                                                     and logistics               Others                Group
          Segment assets                                                17,222,676               296,228           17,518,904
          Joint ventures                                                    10,930                     –               10,930
          Associated companies                                             139,215                     –              139,215

          Total assets                                                  17,372,821               296,228           17,669,049

          Segment liabilities                                           (4,137,600)             (118,092)          (4,255,692)


                                                                                              2024
                                                                         Container
                                                                          transport
          US$’000                                                      and logistics              Others                Group
          Segment assets                                                17,051,422               571,545            17,622,967
          Joint ventures                                                    10,113                     –                10,113
          Associated companies                                             135,303                     –               135,303

          Total assets                                                  17,196,838               571,545            17,768,383

          Segment liabilities                                            (4,399,586)            (119,300)           (4,518,886)

         The segment of “Others” primarily includes assets and liabilities of property investment and corporate level activities.
         Assets under the segment of “Others” consist primarily of investment property, investments at amortised cost, portfolio
         investments at fair value through profit or loss together with cash and bank balances related to property investment
         activities. Liabilities under the segment of “Others” primarily include creditors and accruals and deferred taxation
         liabilities related to property investment and corporate level activities.




    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
138 Annual Report 2025
                                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



5. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
  (b) Segment information (Continued)
     Geographical information
     The Group’s two reportable operating segments operate in below main geographical areas, even though they are
     managed on a worldwide basis. Freight revenues from container transport and logistics are analysed based on the
     outbound cargoes of each geographical territory. Revenues from other sources are analysed based on the geographical
     territory that the Group derives revenue from customers.

     The Group’s non-current assets mainly include container vessels and containers which are primarily utilised across
     geographical markets for shipment of cargoes throughout the world. Accordingly, non-current assets by geographical
     areas are not presented.


                                                                                                                             Additions to
                                                                                                                             non-current
         US$’000                                                                                         Revenue                   assets#
         Year ended 31st December 2025
           Asia                                                                                         7,646,560                   40,822
           Europe                                                                                       1,096,812                    2,507
           North and South America                                                                        662,356                    9,628
           Australia and Africa                                                                           316,766                      385
           Unallocated*                                                                                         –                2,578,954

                                                                                                        9,722,494                2,632,296

         Year ended 31st December 2024
           Asia                                                                                         8,608,240                   63,835
           Europe                                                                                       1,144,812                    4,413
           North and South America                                                                        624,814                    9,216
           Australia and Africa                                                                           324,077                    1,605
           Unallocated*                                                                                         –                1,832,602

                                                                                                       10,701,943                1,911,671

     #
            Additions to non-current assets comprise additions to property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets, investment property and
            intangible assets.


     *      Unallocated additions to non-current assets comprise additions to container vessels and capitalised dry-docking costs, assets under
            construction, scrubbers and other vessel equipment, containers and computer software costs.




                                                                                               Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025 139
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



6. OPERATING COSTS

     US$’000                                                                                       2025                  2024
     Cargo and logistics                                                                      3,758,930             3,727,246
     Vessel and voyage                                                                        1,967,247             1,811,855
     Bunker cost                                                                              1,199,122             1,240,641
     Equipment and repositioning                                                              1,146,440             1,085,407

                                                                                              8,071,739             7,865,149
     Direct operating expenses from property that generated rental income                        16,239                15,767

                                                                                              8,087,978             7,880,916

    For the year ended 31st December 2025, cargo and logistics costs included a reversal of onerous contract provision (note 36)
    of US$20.0 million (2024: US$20.0 million).

7. OTHER OPERATING INCOME

     US$’000                                                                                       2025                  2024
     Interest income from banks                                                                 315,603               387,453
     Interest income from deposits in a fellow subsidiary                                         2,305                 2,250
     Interest income from investments at amortised cost                                           2,606                 2,686
     Income from portfolio investments at fair value through profit or loss
        Distribution                                                                                 11                    18
        Dividend income                                                                             244                 1,058
     Dividend income from investments at fair value through other
        comprehensive income                                                                          2                    59
     Subsidies                                                                                    1,229                 2,677
     Others                                                                                         277                 1,020

                                                                                                322,277               397,221

8. OTHER GAINS/(LOSSES), NET

     US$’000                                                                                       2025                  2024
     Fair value loss from an investment property                                                 (2,246)              (50,531)
     Fair value gain on portfolio investments at fair value through
       profit or loss (realised and unrealised)                                                   1,960                   643
     Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                           17,245                17,476
     (Loss)/gain on early termination of leases                                                    (111)                1,199
     Gain on bargain purchase of an associated company                                                –                 1,347
     Exchange gain                                                                               34,789                14,734

                                                                                                 51,637               (15,132)




    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
140 Annual Report 2025
                                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



9. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES

   US$’000                                                                                     2025                2024
   Wages, salaries and bonuses (including share-based compensation)                          631,089            797,110
   Pension and retirement benefits
     Defined contribution plans (note 23)                                                     44,228             54,978
     Defined benefit plan (note 23)                                                               97                436

                                                                                             675,414            852,524

  Employee benefit expenses of US$360.4 million (2024: US$433.4 million) are included in “operating costs” in the
  consolidated profit and loss account.

10. DIRECTORS’ AND MANAGEMENT’S EMOLUMENTS
  (a) Directors’ emoluments
      The remuneration of each Director is set out below:


                                                                                                Employer’s
                                                                  Salaries                    contribution
       Name of Director                                               and    Discretionary    to provident
       US$’000                                         Fees       benefits        bonuses     fund scheme          Total
       For the year ended 31st December 2025
         Mr. Wan Min                                      –             –               –               –             –
         Mr. Zhang Feng*5                                 –             –               –               –             –
         Mr. Chen Yangfan*6                               –             –               –               –             –
         Mr. Tao Weidong                                  –           233             185               –           418
         Mr. Tung Lieh Cheung Andrew                    358             –               –               –           358
         Mr. Yu Fulin*2                                   –             –               –               –             –
         Mr. Gu Jinshan*3                                 –             –               –               –             –
         Ms. Wang Dan                                    45             –               –               –            45
         Mr. Ip Sing Chi                                 45             –               –               –            45
         Mr. Chow Philip Yiu Wah                        132             –               –               –           132
         Dr. Chung Shui Ming Timpson                    115             –               –               –           115
         Mr. Yang Liang Yee Philip                      115             –               –               –           115
         Ms. Chen Ying                                   81             –               –               –            81
         Mr. Chen Hong*4                                 49             –               –               –            49
         Mr. So Gregory Kam Leung*1                      90             –               –               –            90




                                                                                  Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025 141
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



10. DIRECTORS’ AND MANAGEMENT’S EMOLUMENTS (CONTINUED)
    (a) Directors’ emoluments (Continued)

                                                                                                                   Employer’s
                                                                                  Salaries                      contribution
              Name of Director                                                        and     Discretionary      to provident
              US$’000                                              Fees           benefits         bonuses      fund scheme               Total
              For the year ended 31st December 2024
                Mr. Wan Min                                           –                 –                 –                 –                –
                Mr. Chen Yangfan                                      –                 –                 –                 –                –
                Mr. Tao Weidong*7                                     –               132               163                 –              295
                Mr. Yang Zhijian*8                                    –               429                 –                20              449
                Mr. Tung Lieh Cheung Andrew                         354                 –                 –                 –              354
                Mr. Gu Jinshan*3                                      –                 –                 –                 –                –
                Ms. Wang Dan                                         45                 –                 –                 –               45
                Mr. Ip Sing Chi                                      45                 –                 –                 –               45
                Mr. Chow Philip Yiu Wah                             106                 –                 –                 –              106
                Dr. Chung Shui Ming Timpson                          98                 –                 –                 –               98
                Mr. Yang Liang Yee Philip                           111                 –                 –                 –              111
                Ms. Chen Ying                                        71                 –                 –                 –               71
                Mr. So Gregory Kam Leung                             77                 –                 –                 –               77

         *1      Passed away on 13th December 2025.
         *2      Appointed with effect from 12th December 2025. Mr. Yu Fulin has decided to waive his director’s emoluments during his appointment
                 term, including the total amount of HK$29,167 for the period from 12th December 2025 to 31st December 2025 and HK$350,000 for
                 each subsequent year (subject to adjustment by the Board from time to time) within his appointment term.
         *3      Resigned with effect from 10th December 2025. For the year ended 31st December 2025, Mr. Gu Jinshan has waived his director’s
                 emoluments of HK$450,000 (2024: HK$450,000) during his appointment term.
         *4      Appointed with effect from 9th May 2025.
         *5      Appointed with effect from 16th April 2025.
         *6      Resigned with effect from 16th April 2025.
         *7      Appointed with effect from 29th May 2024.
         *8      Resigned with effect from 29th May 2024.


         During the year, no emoluments were paid by the Group to any of the Directors as an inducement to join or upon
         joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office.




    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
142 Annual Report 2025
                                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



10. DIRECTORS’ AND MANAGEMENT’S EMOLUMENTS (CONTINUED)
  (b) Five highest paid individuals
      The five individuals whose emoluments were the highest in the Group for the year do not include any Director (2024:
      did not include any Director) whose emoluments are reflected in the analysis presented above. The emoluments payable
      to the five (2024: five) individuals are as follows:


       US$’000                                                                                    2025                 2024
       Basic salaries, housing allowances, other allowances and benefits in kind                 2,148                 2,389
       Discretionary bonuses                                                                     2,673                 2,442
       Estimated money value of other benefits                                                       –                    58
       Pension costs – defined contribution plans                                                  586                   445

                                                                                                 5,407                 5,334

      The emoluments of the five (2024: five) non-director individuals for the year fell within the following bands:


                                                                                             Number of individuals

       Emolument bands (US$)                                                                      2025                 2024
       769,201 ~ 833,300               (HK$6,000,001 ~ HK$6,500,000)                                  1                   2
       897,401 ~ 961,500               (HK$7,000,001 ~ HK$7,500,000)                                  2                   1
       1,025,601 ~ 1,089,700           (HK$8,000,001 ~ HK$8,500,000)                                  1                   1
       1,730,701 ~ 1,794,800           (HK$13,500,001 ~ HK$14,000,000)                                1                   1

                                                                                                      5                   5


  (c) Key management compensation

       US$’000                                                                                    2025                 2024
       Salaries, discretionary bonuses and other employee benefits                               5,063                 7,916
       Estimated money value of other benefits                                                       –                    58
       Pension costs – defined contribution plans                                                  338                   547

                                                                                                 5,401                 8,521

      The Group usually determines and pays discretionary bonuses to employees (including Directors) around middle of
      each year based on the actual financial results of the Group for the preceding year. The discretionary bonuses shown
      above represent actual payments to the Directors and individuals during the current financial year in relation to
      performance for the preceding year.




                                                                                     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025 143
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



11. OPERATING PROFIT

        US$’000                                                                                      2025                  2024
        Operating profit is arrived at after crediting:
          Operating lease rental income
            Land and buildings                                                                     24,469                 23,298

        and after charging:
          Depreciation of property, plant and equipment (note 16)                                 526,569               434,299
          Depreciation of right-of-use assets (note 17)                                           464,319               462,409
          Amortisation of intangible assets (note 21)                                               3,243                 4,207
          Expenses relating to short-term leases and leases with low-value assets
             Vessels and equipment                                                                453,378               460,480
             Land and buildings                                                                     3,713                 4,172
          Direct operating expenses from property that generated rental income                     16,239                15,767
          Auditors’ remuneration
             Audit                                                                                   2,171                 2,751
             Non-audit                                                                                   –                   812

    Amongst the expenses relating to short-term leases and leases with low-value assets, US$454.8 million and US$2.3 million
    (2024: US$462.5 million and US$2.2 million) are included in “operating costs” and “business and administrative expenses”
    respectively in the consolidated profit and loss account.

12. FINANCE COSTS

        US$’000                                                                                      2025                  2024
        Interest expense
           Lease liabilities                                                                       57,422                 62,194
        Amount capitalised under assets under construction (note 16(a))                           (39,131)               (41,576)

        Net interest expense                                                                       18,291                 20,618

    The borrowing costs of the debts to finance the assets under construction (note 16) represent an average capitalisation rate of
    approximately 4.2% (2024: 4.3%) per annum.

13. TAXATION

        US$’000                                                                                      2025                  2024
        Current taxation
          HKSAR profits tax*                                                                       (1,803)                  (977)
          Non HKSAR taxation                                                                       14,868                 65,069

                                                                                                   13,065                 64,092
        Deferred taxation                                                                           1,896                (28,700)

                                                                                                   14,961                 35,392

    *      The negative amounts represent over-provision in prior years.


    Taxation has been provided at the appropriate tax rates prevailing in the countries/regions in which the Group operates on
    the estimated assessable profits for the year. These rates range from 5% to 39% (2024: 5% to 39%) and the rates applicable to
    the withholding tax for undistributed earnings of subsidiaries range from 5% to 30% (2024: 5% to 30%). The HKSAR profits
    tax for ocean freight transportation business is charged based on the relevant entity’s Hong Kong-sourced income (i.e. at a
    percentage of the total worldwide ocean freight transportation business profit) under the HKSAR tax incentive regime for
    international shipping businesses and at the applicable tax rate of 16.5% (2024: 16.5%).




    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
144 Annual Report 2025
                                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



13. TAXATION (CONTINUED)
  In December 2021, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development released the Pillar Two Model Rules (the
  Global Anti-Base Erosion Proposal, or “GloBE”) to reform international corporate taxation. Large multinational enterprises
  with consolidated revenue of over EUR750 million are subject to the rules. They are required to calculate their GloBE
  effective tax rate for each jurisdiction where they operate and will be liable to pay a minimum effective tax rate of 15%.

  The Group is within the scope of the GloBE. However, international shipping income and certain qualified ancillary
  international shipping income are excluded from the GloBE. Certain jurisdictions where the Group has operations, such as
  the United Kingdom, countries under the European Union, Australia and Canada, etc. have their Pillar Two legislation being
  effective in 2024. The Pillar Two legislation has also been enacted in Hong Kong in 2025 and becomes effective from 1st
  January 2025. The Group applies the exception from recognising and disclosing information about deferred tax assets and
  liabilities related to the Pillar Two income taxes, as provided in the Amendments to HKAS 12 issued in July 2023.

  As the Group operates worldwide and the types of international shipping income and ancillary income covered by the
  exclusion are subject to complicated rules and restrictions, the Group would continue to cooperate with the ultimate parent
  company in assessing the full impact of the rules, covering Hong Kong and other jurisdictions.

  The tax of the Group’s profit before taxation differs from the theoretical amount that would arise using the applicable tax
  rates, being the weighted average of rates prevailing in the territories in which the Group operates, as follows:


   US$’000                                                                                      2025                  2024
   Profit before taxation                                                                  1,530,420             2,614,482
   Less: Share of profits of joint ventures                                                   (4,845)               (4,284)
         Share of profits of associated companies                                             (8,400)               (5,972)

                                                                                           1,517,175             2,604,226

   Tax calculated at applicable tax rates                                                    257,237               449,741
   Income not subject to tax                                                                (499,760)             (674,952)
   Expenses not deductible for tax purposes                                                  252,416               253,268
   Tax losses not recognised                                                                   5,861                 5,339
   Temporary differences not recognised                                                          828                 2,051
   Utilisation of previously unrecognised tax losses                                          (2,776)              (12,589)
   Utilisation of previously unrecognised temporary differences                               (2,489)               (1,066)
   Over-provision in prior years                                                              (1,839)               (2,110)
   Withholding tax                                                                             5,275                16,454
   Change in tax rates                                                                            73                  (662)
   Other items                                                                                   135                   (82)

                                                                                              14,961                35,392




                                                                                   Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025 145
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



14. EARNINGS PER ORDINARY SHARE
    The calculation of basic and diluted earnings per ordinary share is based on the Group’s profit attributable to equity holders
    of the Company divided by the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the year.

    The basic and diluted earnings per ordinary share are the same since there are no potential dilutive shares.


                                                                                                     2025                  2024

     Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue (thousands)                              660,373               660,373

     Group’s profit attributable to equity holders of the Company (US$’000)                     1,513,483             2,577,446

     Earnings per share attributable to equity holders of the Company (US$)                           2.29                 3.90

15. DIVIDENDS

     US$’000                                                                                         2025                  2024
     Interim paid of US$0.72 (2024: US$0.63) per ordinary share                                   475,469               416,035
     Proposed final of US$0.42 (2024: US$1.32) per ordinary share                                 277,357               871,693

                                                                                                  752,826             1,287,728

    The final dividend for 2024 of US$871.7 million and the interim dividend for 2025 of US$475.5 million have been accounted
    for as an appropriation of retained profit in the year ended 31st December 2025.

    The Board of Directors proposes a final dividend in respect of 2025 of US$0.42 per ordinary share. The final dividend will
    be payable in cash in US dollars or Hong Kong dollars (HK$3.276 converted at the exchange rate of US$1 to HK$7.8) or
    Renminbi (to be converted at the average of middle exchange rate between US dollars and Renminbi as announced by the
    People’s Bank of China for the 5 business days before and excluding the date of the annual general meeting of the Company).
    The proposed dividend will be accounted for as an appropriation of retained profit in the year ending 31st December 2026.




    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
146 Annual Report 2025
                                                                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



16. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                                                                                                                         Vehicles,
                                                                                                                                   scrubbers and
                                                                                                                                     other vessel
                                          Container                                     Freehold                                      equipment,
                                         vessels and                                    land and                     Leasehold          computer,
                                         capitalised          Assets    Containers     buildings     Buildings    improvement            terminal
                                        dry-docking           under           and         outside      outside             and          and other
   US$’000                                     costs    construction       chassis    Hong Kong     Hong Kong         furniture        equipment          Total
   Cost
     At 1st January 2025                   6,546,953       1,012,292     2,661,146          7,137       45,102           75,112           470,073    10,817,815
     Currency translation adjustments              –               –            36            132          930            1,291               699         3,088
     Additions                                44,115       1,508,443       459,341              –            –            5,734            49,789     2,067,422
     Reclassification (note 17)            1,933,565      (1,492,922)            –              –            –                –                 –       440,643
     Disposals/written off                   (23,456)              –      (128,616)             –            –          (10,548)           (8,947)     (171,567)

     At 31st December 2025                8,501,177       1,027,813      2,991,907         7,269        46,032          71,589           511,614     13,157,401

   Accumulated depreciation
     At 1st January 2025                   2,467,674              –      1,200,520          3,623       27,742          65,166            342,270     4,106,995
     Currency translation adjustments              –              –             27            123          586             888                560         2,184
     Charge for the year                     309,772              –        145,220             43        1,485           6,677             63,372       526,569
     Reclassification (note 17)              164,857              –              –              –            –               –                  –       164,857
     Disposals/written off                   (23,057)             –       (102,258)             –            –          (9,700)            (8,857)     (143,872)

     At 31st December 2025                2,919,246               –      1,243,509         3,789        29,813          63,031           397,345      4,656,733

   Net book amount
     At 31st December 2025                5,581,931       1,027,813      1,748,398         3,480        16,219           8,558           114,269      8,500,668



                                                                                                                                         Vehicles,
                                                                                                                                   scrubbers and
                                                                                                                                     other vessel
                                          Container                                     Freehold                                      equipment,
                                         vessels and                                    land and                     Leasehold          computer,
                                          capitalised         Assets    Containers     buildings     Buildings    improvement            terminal
                                        dry-docking           under           and         outside      outside             and          and other
   US$’000                                      costs   construction       chassis    Hong Kong     Hong Kong         furniture        equipment          Total
   Cost
     At 1st January 2024                   5,004,242       1,103,583     2,632,183          7,120       45,791          72,309            419,381     9,284,609
     Currency translation adjustments              –               –           (28)            17         (657)         (1,491)              (874)       (3,033)
     Additions                                25,688       1,052,335       163,842              –            –           8,261             65,149     1,315,275
     Reclassification (note 17)            1,539,244      (1,143,626)            –              –            –               –                  –       395,618
     Disposals/written off                   (22,221)              –      (134,851)             –          (32)         (3,967)           (13,583)     (174,654)

     At 31st December 2024                 6,546,953       1,012,292     2,661,146          7,137       45,102          75,112            470,073    10,817,815

   Accumulated depreciation
     At 1st January 2024                   2,110,231              –      1,178,416          3,532       26,609          65,466            292,364     3,676,618
     Currency translation adjustments              –              –            (18)            17         (400)         (1,073)              (700)       (2,174)
     Charge for the year                     236,786              –        127,665             74        1,556           4,544             63,674       434,299
     Reclassification (note 17)              141,839              –              –              –            –               –                  –       141,839
     Disposals/written off                   (21,182)             –       (105,543)             –          (23)         (3,771)           (13,068)     (143,587)

     At 31st December 2024                 2,467,674              –      1,200,520          3,623       27,742          65,166            342,270     4,106,995

   Net book amount
     At 31st December 2024                 4,079,279       1,012,292     1,460,626          3,514       17,360            9,946           127,803     6,710,820




                                                                                                     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025 147
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



16. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED)
    (a) Interest costs of US$39.1 million (2024: US$41.6 million) during the year were capitalised as part of assets under
        construction.

    (b) Depreciation charges of US$497.6 million (2024: US$409.8 million) and US$29.0 million (2024: US$24.5 million) have
        been included in “operating costs” and “business and administrative expenses” respectively.

    (c) As at 31st December 2025, the buildings outside Hong Kong are held under leasehold land with lease term of 50 years
        (2024: 50 years).

    (d) Included in the container vessels and capitalised dry-docking costs, the net book value of capitalised dry-docking costs
        amounts to US$82.2 million (2024: US$62.7 million).

17. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

                                                     Container
                                                    vessels and                                       Vehicles,
                                                    capitalised                                      furniture
                                                   dry-docking                       Land and        and other
     US$’000                                              costs     Containers       buildings      equipment            Total
     Cost
      At 1st January 2025                             3,041,195        114,171         192,728           2,139       3,350,233
      Currency translation adjustments                        –              –           2,564             212           2,776
      Additions                                         539,712              –          18,761             374         558,847
      Reclassification (note 16)                       (440,643)             –               –               –        (440,643)
      Disposals/written off                            (308,037)           (42)        (20,181)           (514)       (328,774)
       At 31st December 2025                         2,832,227         114,129         193,872           2,211      3,142,439
     Accumulated depreciation
      At 1st January 2025                             1,491,505         32,045          92,881           1,026       1,617,457
      Currency translation adjustments                        –              –             714              99             813
      Charge for the year                               422,227          6,027          35,513             552         464,319
      Reclassification (note 16)                       (164,857)             –               –               –        (164,857)
      Disposals/written off                            (307,946)           (12)        (19,728)           (513)       (328,199)
       At 31st December 2025                         1,440,929          38,060         109,380           1,164      1,589,533
     Net book amount
      At 31st December 2025                          1,391,298          76,069          84,492           1,047      1,552,906




    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
148 Annual Report 2025
                                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



17. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (CONTINUED)

                                                 Container
                                                vessels and                                       Vehicles,
                                                 capitalised                                      furniture
                                               dry-docking                      Land and         and other
   US$’000                                             costs    Containers      buildings       equipment            Total
   Cost
    At 1st January 2024                           2,997,314       114,238         184,210               2,110    3,297,872
    Currency translation adjustments                      –             –          (4,857)               (119)      (4,976)
    Additions                                       549,882             –          43,986                 620      594,488
    Reclassification (note 16)                     (395,618)            –               –                   –     (395,618)
    Disposals/written off                          (110,383)          (67)        (30,611)               (472)    (141,533)
     At 31st December 2024                        3,041,195       114,171         192,728               2,139    3,350,233
   Accumulated depreciation
    At 1st January 2024                           1,322,866         26,031         86,199               1,071    1,436,167
    Currency translation adjustments                      –              –         (2,073)                (62)      (2,135)
    Charge for the year                             420,861          6,029         35,031                 488      462,409
    Reclassification (note 16)                     (141,839)             –              –                   –     (141,839)
    Disposals/written off                          (110,383)           (15)       (26,276)               (471)    (137,145)
     At 31st December 2024                        1,491,505         32,045         92,881               1,026    1,617,457
   Net book amount
    At 31st December 2024                         1,549,690         82,126         99,847               1,113    1,732,776

  Depreciation charges of US$438.7 million (2024: US$437.1 million) and US$25.6 million (2024: US$25.3 million) have been
  included in “operating costs” and “business and administrative expenses” respectively.

18. INVESTMENT PROPERTY

   US$’000                                                                                     2025                  2024
   Balance at beginning of year                                                              200,000             250,000
   Additions                                                                                   2,246                 531

                                                                                             202,246             250,531
   Fair value loss                                                                            (2,246)            (50,531)

   Balance at end of year                                                                    200,000             200,000


  Background
  The investment property, “Wall Street Plaza”, is a commercial property located at 88, Pine Street, New York, USA. The
  property is situated on three parcels of freehold land, all of which are wholly owned by the Group.

  Valuation processes of the Group
  The Group’s investment property was valued at 31st December 2025 and 2024 by an independent professionally qualified
  valuer who holds a recognised relevant professional qualification. The Group’s finance department reviews the valuation
  performed by the independent valuer for financial reporting purposes. This team reports directly to the Chief Financial
  Officer. As at 31st December 2025 and 2024, the fair value of the property has been determined by Cushman & Wakefield,
  Inc..




                                                                                 Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025 149
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



18. INVESTMENT PROPERTY (CONTINUED)
    Valuation techniques
    Fair value of the investment property is derived by using the discounted cash flow method with significant unobservable
    inputs (level 3). The net present value of the income stream is estimated by applying an appropriate discount rate which
    reflects the risk profile.

    There were no changes to the valuation techniques during the year.

    Information about fair value measurement using significant unobservable inputs
    Discount rate is estimated by Cushman & Wakefield, Inc. based on the risk profile of the property being valued. If the
    discount rate is higher, the fair value would be lower. At 31st December 2025, discount rate of 8.8% per annum (2024: 8.3%
    per annum) is used in the valuation.

    Net operating income growth rates of 0% per annum (2024: 0% per annum) for the first year and 3% per annum (2024: 3%
    per annum) for the remaining years are used in the valuation. If the growth rate is higher, the fair value would be higher.

    Prevailing market rents are estimated based on recent lettings of US$52 per sq ft to US$56 per sq ft (2024: US$48 per sq ft to
    US$54 per sq ft), within the subject property. If the rents are higher, the fair value would be higher.

19. INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES

     US$’000                                                                                             2025             2024

     Share of net assets                                                                               10,930            10,005

    The Group’s share of assets, liabilities and results of the joint ventures are summarised below:


     US$’000                                                                                             2025             2024
     Non-current assets                                                                                 1,992               811
     Current assets                                                                                    13,987            12,874
     Non-current liabilities                                                                             (918)                –
     Current liabilities                                                                               (4,131)           (3,680)

     Share of net assets                                                                               10,930            10,005

     Income                                                                                             19,463           17,252
     Expenses                                                                                          (14,618)         (12,968)

     Share of profits of joint ventures                                                                  4,845            4,284

     Share of total comprehensive income of joint ventures                                               4,950            4,092

    Particulars of the joint ventures at 31st December 2025 are shown on page 186.




    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
150 Annual Report 2025
                                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



20. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATED COMPANIES

    US$’000                                                                                          2025                 2024

    Share of net assets                                                                           139,215              135,303

   The Group’s share of assets, liabilities and results of the associated companies are summarised as follows:


    US$’000                                                                                          2025                 2024
    Non-current assets                                                                            132,956              132,349
    Current assets                                                                                 42,010               34,583
    Non-current liabilities                                                                        (4,970)              (4,516)
    Current liabilities                                                                           (30,781)             (27,113)

    Share of net assets                                                                           139,215              135,303

    Income                                                                                         79,235               78,168
    Expenses                                                                                      (70,835)             (72,196)

    Share of profits of associated companies                                                        8,400                5,972

    Share of total comprehensive income of associated companies                                    11,498                4,146

   Particulars of the associated companies at 31st December 2025 are shown on page 185.

21. INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                                                                                     Computer
    US$’000                                                                                                      software costs
    Year ended 31st December 2025
      Opening net book amount                                                                                            4,840
      Currency translation adjustments                                                                                      10
      Additions                                                                                                          3,781
      Amortisation                                                                                                      (3,243)

       Closing net book amount                                                                                           5,388

    At 31st December 2025
      Cost                                                                                                             129,299
      Accumulated amortisation                                                                                        (123,911)

       Net book amount                                                                                                   5,388

    Year ended 31st December 2024
      Opening net book amount                                                                                            7,679
      Currency translation adjustments                                                                                      (9)
      Additions                                                                                                          1,377
      Amortisation                                                                                                      (4,207)

       Closing net book amount                                                                                           4,840

    At 31st December 2024
      Cost                                                                                                             125,397
      Accumulated amortisation                                                                                        (120,557)

       Net book amount                                                                                                   4,840

   Amortisation of US$3.2 million (2024: US$4.2 million) is included in “business and administrative expenses” in the
   consolidated profit and loss account.


                                                                                        Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025 151
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



22. DEFERRED TAXATION ASSETS/(LIABILITIES)

     US$’000                                                                                         2025                  2024
     Deferred taxation assets                                                                       32,691                37,010
     Deferred taxation liabilities                                                                (181,505)             (184,113)

                                                                                                  (148,814)             (147,103)

    Deferred taxation assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legal right to set off current taxation assets with current
    taxation liabilities and when the deferred taxation relates to the same taxation authority. The above assets/(liabilities)
    shown in the consolidated balance sheet are determined after appropriate offsetting of the relevant amounts and include the
    following:


     US$’000                                                                                         2025                  2024

     Deferred taxation assets to be recovered after more than twelve months                        12,951                 10,670

     Deferred taxation liabilities to be settled after more than twelve months                    (181,441)             (183,400)

    Deferred taxation is calculated in full on temporary differences under the liability method using applicable tax rates
    prevailing in the countries in which the Group operates. The movements in deferred taxation assets and liabilities (prior to
    offsetting of balances within the same taxation jurisdiction) during the year were as follows:


                                                Accelerated                         Deferred
                                                accounting              Lease      deductible
     US$’000                                   depreciation         liabilities     expenses         Tax losses            Total
     Deferred taxation assets
     At 1st January 2024                               1,684           15,235            8,343            4,253           29,515
     Currency translation adjustments                    (49)            (756)            (222)              12           (1,015)
     Credited/(charged) to consolidated
       profit and loss account                          (478)           3,008           20,398            4,267           27,195

     At 31st December 2024 and
       1st January 2025                                1,157           17,487           28,519            8,532           55,695
     Currency translation adjustments                     78              234              237               38              587
     (Charged)/credited to consolidated
       profit and loss account                          (689)            (521)         (12,562)           8,744           (5,028)

     At 31st December 2025                               546           17,200           16,194          17,314           51,254




    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
152 Annual Report 2025
                                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



22. DEFERRED TAXATION ASSETS/(LIABILITIES) (CONTINUED)

                                                                                                             Undistributed
                                             Accelerated                      Revaluation                       earnings of
                                                     tax    Right-of-use    of investment        Deferred      subsidiaries
    US$’000                                 depreciation          assets         property         revenue     and affiliates     Total
    Deferred taxation liabilities
    At 1st January 2024                            1,789          13,966           66,016           2,022           121,537    205,330
    Currency translation adjustments                  (8)           (738)               –            (281)                –     (1,027)
    (Credited)/charged to consolidated
       profit and loss account                      107            3,616          (15,378)           (491)           10,641     (1,505)

    At 31st December 2024 and
       1st January 2025                            1,888          16,844           50,638           1,250           132,178    202,798
    Currency translation adjustments                  77             221                –             104                 –        402
    (Credited)/charged to consolidated
       profit and loss account                       52            (572)            (843)            (963)             (806)    (3,132)

    At 31st December 2025                         2,017          16,493           49,795             391           131,372     200,068


   Deferred taxation assets of US$55.3 million (2024: US$51.1 million) arising from unused tax losses of US$301.6 million
   (2024: US$267.7 million) have not been recognised in the consolidated financial statements. Unused tax losses of US$251.0
   million (2024: US$227.9 million) have no expiry date and the remaining balance will expire at various dates up to and
   including 2045.

23. PENSION AND RETIREMENT ASSETS
   The Group operates a number of defined benefit and defined contribution pension and retirement schemes in the countries
   in which the Group operates. The total charges to the consolidated profit and loss account for the year were US$44.3 million
   (2024: US$55.4 million).

   Defined contribution schemes
   The principal defined contribution schemes are operated in the PRC and the USA. These schemes cover approximately 75%
   of the Group’s employees. Contributions to the defined contribution schemes, all the assets of which are held in trust funds
   separate from the Group, are based on a percentage of an employee’s salary, depending upon the length of service of the
   employee, but the Group’s contributions to certain schemes may be reduced by contributions forfeited by those employees
   who leave the schemes prior to vesting fully in those contributions.

   In 2008, the Group terminated the defined benefit scheme and post-retirement medical plans in the USA at the request of
   the labour unions. All the pension assets and obligations were transferred to a defined benefit multi-employer pension plan
   and a defined benefit multi-employer post-retirement medical plan (the “Plans”) together with other industry players. Since
   the Group is not able to identify its share of the underlying financial position and performance of the Plans with sufficient
   reliability for accounting purposes, accordingly the Plans are accounted for by the Group as defined contribution plans.




                                                                                             Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                               Annual Report 2025 153
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



23. PENSION AND RETIREMENT ASSETS (CONTINUED)
    Defined contribution schemes (Continued)
    The charges for the defined contribution schemes to the consolidated profit and loss account during the year are as follows:


     US$’000                                                                                        2025                  2024
     Contributions to the schemes                                                                  44,653                55,928
     Forfeitures utilised                                                                            (425)                 (950)

                                                                                                   44,228                54,978


    Defined benefit scheme
    The amounts recognised in the consolidated balance sheet are as follows:


     US$’000                                                                                        2025                  2024

     Net scheme assets                                                                             16,272                16,973

    Net funded scheme assets
    The defined benefit scheme is operated in the United Kingdom which was valued by Barnett Waddingham LLP. The defined
    benefit scheme (the “Scheme”) covers less than 1% of the Group’s employees and is funded. The assets of the Scheme are held
    in trust funds separate from the Group. Contributions to the Scheme are assessed in accordance with the advice of qualified
    actuaries in compliance with local practice and regulations. The actuarial assumptions used to calculate the projected benefit
    obligations of the Group’s pension schemes vary according to the economic conditions of the countries in which they are
    situated.

    The net scheme assets of the Scheme recognised in the consolidated balance sheet are determined as follows:


     US$’000                                                                                        2025                  2024
     Fair value of plan assets                                                                   145,266                139,918
     Present value of funded obligations                                                        (128,994)              (122,945)

     Surplus of funded plan                                                                        16,272                16,973




    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
154 Annual Report 2025
                                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



23. PENSION AND RETIREMENT ASSETS (CONTINUED)
  Defined benefit scheme (Continued)
  Net funded scheme assets (Continued)
  Movements in the fair value of the plan assets of the Scheme during the year are as follows:


   US$’000                                                                                           2025             2024
   Balance at beginning of year                                                                  139,918           153,530
   Currency translation adjustments                                                                8,794            (1,465)
   Interest income on plan assets                                                                  7,559             6,644
   Remeasurement loss on assets                                                                     (414)           (8,509)
   Contributions from the Group                                                                      523               849
   Contributions from the plan members                                                                87                90
   Benefits paid                                                                                 (11,201)          (11,221)

   Balance at end of year                                                                        145,266           139,918

  Movements in the present value of obligations of the Scheme during the year are as follows:


   US$’000                                                                                           2025             2024
   Balance at beginning of year                                                                  122,945           140,040
   Currency translation adjustments                                                                7,733            (1,257)
   Current service cost                                                                            1,030             1,037
   Interest expense                                                                                6,626             6,043
   Experience losses/(gains) on liabilities                                                        3,893              (727)
   Losses/(gains) from changes to demographic assumptions                                             24              (294)
   Gains from changes to financial assumptions                                                    (2,143)          (10,766)
   Contributions from the plan members                                                                87                90
   Benefits paid                                                                                 (11,201)          (11,221)

   Balance at end of year                                                                        128,994           122,945

  The charges of the Scheme recognised in the consolidated profit and loss account are as follows:


   US$’000                                                                                           2025             2024
   Current service cost                                                                            1,030             1,037
   Interest expense                                                                                6,626             6,043
   Interest income on plan assets                                                                 (7,559)           (6,644)

   Net expense recognised for the year                                                                 97              436

  Charges of US$79,000 (2024: US$126,000) and US$18,000 (2024: US$310,000) respectively are included in “operating costs”
  and “business and administrative expenses” in the consolidated profit and loss account.




                                                                                     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025 155
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



23. PENSION AND RETIREMENT ASSETS (CONTINUED)
    Defined benefit scheme (Continued)
    Net funded scheme assets (Continued)
    The main actuarial assumptions made for the Scheme are as follows:


                                                                                                        2025                  2024
        Discount rate                                                                                   5.4%                  5.4%
        Inflation rate                                                                                  3.1%                  3.5%
        Expected future salary increases                                                                2.4%                  2.7%
        Expected future pension increases                                                               3.1%                  2.6%

        Actual return on plan assets (US$’000)                                                         7,145                 (1,865)

    At 31st December 2025, if discount rate had been 0.5% higher/lower, with all other variables held constant, the present value
    of the funded obligations would have been US$5.7 million lower/US$6.2 million higher. At 31st December 2025, if inflation
    rate had been 0.2% higher/lower, with all other variables held constant, the fair value of the funded obligations would have
    been US$1.2 million higher/US$1.5 million lower. The sensitivities show the likely effect of a single assumption being
    adjusted while holding all other assumptions constant.

    Plan assets of the Scheme comprise the following:


        US$’000                                                            2025                                  2024
        Equity                                                       9,031                 6%              9,055                6%
        Debt                                                       118,276                81%             96,721               69%
        Others                                                      17,959                13%             34,142               25%

                                                                   145,266              100%             139,918              100%

    Expected normal and deficit reduction contributions to the Scheme for the year ending 31st December 2026 are US$0.2
    million.

    Through its defined benefit pension plan, the Group is exposed to a number of risks as follows:

    •      Investment risk. The Scheme holds investments in asset classes, such as equities, which have volatile market values and
           while these assets are expected to provide real returns over the long term, the short-term volatility can cause additional
           funding to be required if deficit emerges.

    •      Interest rate and market risk. The Scheme’s liabilities are assessed using market yields on high quality corporate bonds to
           discount the liabilities. As the Scheme holds assets such as equities, the value of the assets and liabilities may not move
           in the same way.

    •      Inflation risk. A significant proportion of the benefits under the Scheme are linked to inflation. Although the Scheme’s
           assets are expected to provide a good hedge against inflation over the long term, movements over the short term could
           lead to deficits emerging.

    •      Longevity and other demographic risk. If members live longer than assumed, a deficit will emerge in the Scheme.




    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
156 Annual Report 2025
                                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



24. RESTRICTED BANK BALANCES

   US$’000                                                                                          2025                  2024
   Non-current                                                                                         –                   292
   Current                                                                                         4,634                 3,753

                                                                                                   4,634                 4,045

  As at 31st December 2025, the restricted bank balances of US$4.6 million (2024: US$4.0 million) are funds pledged or
  required to be utilised for specific purposes.

  The carrying amounts of the Group’s restricted bank balances are mainly denominated in Hong Kong dollars (2024: Hong
  Kong dollars).

  The credit quality of restricted bank balances by reference to Standard & Poor’s and/or Moody’s credit ratings is as follows:


   US$’000                                                                                          2025                  2024
   AA                                                                                              4,631                 3,751
   A                                                                                                   –                   289
   BBB                                                                                                 3                     5

                                                                                                   4,634                 4,045

25. INVESTMENTS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
  Investments at fair value through other comprehensive income include the following:


   US$’000                                                                                          2025                  2024

   Unlisted equity securities                                                                         34                    34

  There were no movements in investments at fair value through other comprehensive income during the year.

  The carrying amounts of the Group’s investments at fair value through other comprehensive income are mainly denominated
  in Japanese yen (2024: Japanese yen).

26. INVESTMENTS AT AMORTISED COST

   US$’000                                                                                          2025                  2024
   Listed debt securities
      Overseas                                                                                    47,846                52,887
   Less: Current portion included in current assets                                              (30,846)               (4,998)

                                                                                                  17,000                47,889

   Market value                                                                                   48,227                52,765




                                                                                      Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025 157
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



26. INVESTMENTS AT AMORTISED COST (CONTINUED)
    Movements in investments at amortised cost are as follows:


     US$’000                                                                                      2025                  2024
     Balance at beginning of year                                                               52,887                52,926
     Redemptions on maturity                                                                    (5,000)                    –
     Amortisation                                                                                  (41)                  (39)

     Balance at end of year                                                                     47,846                52,887

    The carrying amounts of investments at amortised cost are denominated in US dollars (2024: US dollars).

    The credit quality of investments at amortised cost by reference to Standard & Poor’s and/or Moody’s credit ratings is as
    follows:


     US$’000                                                                                      2025                  2024

     BBB                                                                                        47,846                52,887

    The maximum exposure to credit risk at the balance sheet date is the carrying amount of investments at amortised cost.

27. OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS

     US$’000                                                                                      2025                  2024
     Deposit for vessel equipment                                                                  454                   157
     Others                                                                                     12,458                 9,120

                                                                                                12,912                 9,277

28. INVENTORIES

     US$’000                                                                                      2025                  2024
     Bunker                                                                                    169,337               171,991
     Consumable stores and others                                                               27,971                19,522

                                                                                               197,308               191,513




    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
158 Annual Report 2025
                                                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



29. DEBTORS AND PREPAYMENTS

   US$’000                                                                                        2025                 2024
   Trade receivables
     Third parties                                                                             379,415              433,781
     Joint ventures                                                                                  –                  108
     Fellow subsidiaries                                                                         5,324                6,312
     Related companies                                                                           1,418                1,087
   Less: Provision for impairment                                                              (41,549)             (44,720)

   Trade receivables – net                                                                     344,608              396,568
   Other debtors                                                                               171,831              208,324
   Other prepayments, utility and other deposits                                               118,615              102,133
   Amounts due from related parties
     Fellow subsidiaries                                                                        23,001               36,384
     Related companies                                                                          27,069                  194

                                                                                               685,124              743,603

  The credit quality of trade receivables net of provision for impairment, by reference to Standard & Poor’s and/or Moody’s
  credit ratings (if available) or to historical information about counterparty default rates is as follows:


   US$’000                                                                                        2025                 2024
   Counterparties with external credit rating
     AA and A                                                                                   30,664               31,559
     BBB                                                                                         9,403                9,042
     BB and below                                                                                3,776                3,721

                                                                                                43,843               44,322

   Counterparties without external credit rating
     Group 1                                                                                    23,939               32,623
     Group 2                                                                                   274,947              317,042
     Group 3                                                                                     1,879                2,581

                                                                                               300,765              352,246

                                                                                               344,608              396,568

  Note:

  Group 1 – new customers (less than 6 months).

  Group 2 – existing customers (more than 6 months) with no defaults in the past.


  Group 3 – existing customers (more than 6 months) with some defaults in the past.


  Trade receivables are normally due for payment on presentation of invoices or granted with an approved credit period
  ranging mainly from 10 to 30 days. Debtors with overdue balances are requested to settle all outstanding balances before any
  further credit is granted.




                                                                                      Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025 159
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



29. DEBTORS AND PREPAYMENTS (CONTINUED)
    The ageing analysis of the Group’s trade receivables, net of provision for impairment, prepared in accordance with the dates
    of invoices, is as follows:


     US$’000                                                                                        2025                   2024
     Below 1 month                                                                               263,817                312,895
     2 to 3 months                                                                                70,957                 76,391
     4 to 6 months                                                                                 7,540                  6,594
     Over 6 months                                                                                 2,294                    688

                                                                                                 344,608                396,568

    There is no concentration of credit risk with respect to trade receivables, as the Group has a large number of internationally
    dispersed customers. Other debtors and amounts due from related parties are fully performing.

    The carrying amounts of the Group’s trade receivables are denominated in the following currencies:


     US$’000                                                                                        2025                   2024
     US dollars                                                                                    69,909               102,276
     Euro                                                                                          68,222                80,220
     Renminbi                                                                                      64,182                63,197
     Australian dollars                                                                            33,961                33,141
     Japanese yen                                                                                  23,163                20,223
     Pound sterling                                                                                10,791                13,023
     Canadian dollars                                                                               8,889                12,117
     Hong Kong dollars                                                                              2,265                 1,992
     Other currencies                                                                              63,226                70,379

                                                                                                 344,608                396,568

    Movements in the provision for impairment of trade receivables are as follows:


     US$’000                                                                                        2025                   2024
     Balance at beginning of year                                                                  44,720                40,123
     Currency translation adjustments                                                                 358                    44
     Provision                                                                                      8,328                10,066
     Written off                                                                                   (1,135)               (1,078)
     Reversal                                                                                     (10,722)               (4,435)

     Balance at end of year                                                                        41,549                44,720

    To measure the expected credit losses which are included in the balance of provision for impairment of trade receivables,
    trade receivables have been grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics and due dates of invoices.

    The expected loss rates are based on the payment profiles over a period of 36 months before 31st December 2025 or 31st
    December 2024 respectively and the corresponding historical credit losses experienced within the year. The historical loss
    rates are adjusted to reflect current and forward-looking information on macroeconomic factors affecting the ability of the
    customers to settle the receivables.




    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
160 Annual Report 2025
                                                                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



30. PORTFOLIO INVESTMENTS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

      US$’000                                                                                                          2025             2024
      Listed equity securities
         Hong Kong                                                                                                    11,134           9,174

  The carrying amounts of the Group’s portfolio investments at fair value through profit or loss are mainly denominated in
  Hong Kong dollars (2024: Hong Kong dollars).

  The fair values of all listed equity securities are based on their current bid prices in active markets.

31. CASH AND BANK BALANCES

      US$’000                                                                                                          2025             2024
      Short-term bank deposits
        Maturing within three months from the date of placement                                                  2,656,854         4,810,575
      Deposits placed with a fellow subsidiary*                                                                    124,041           127,603
      Cash at bank and in hand                                                                                     314,254           712,786
                                                                                                                 3,095,149         5,650,964
      Short-term bank deposits
        Maturing more than three months from the date of placement                                               3,148,033         2,252,509
                                                                                                                 6,243,182         7,903,473

  *      The deposits placed with a fellow subsidiary, a finance company, bear interest at prevailing market rates.


  The carrying amounts of the Group’s cash and bank balances are mainly denominated in US dollars (2024: US dollars).

  The credit quality of cash at bank and in hand and short-term bank deposits by reference to Standard & Poor’s, Moody’s and/
  or Fitch’s credit ratings is as follows:


      US$’000                                                                                                          2025             2024
      AA                                                                                                         1,462,637         1,470,589
      A                                                                                                          3,425,199         5,769,538
      BBB                                                                                                        1,218,695           528,928
      BB                                                                                                             1,190             1,634
      B                                                                                                              4,546                 –
      Others                                                                                                       130,915           132,784
                                                                                                                 6,243,182         7,903,473




                                                                                                       Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025 161
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



32. SHARE CAPITAL

     US$’000                                                                                                2025                    2024
     Authorised:
       900,000,000 ordinary shares of US$0.10 each                                                       90,000                   90,000
       65,000,000 convertible redeemable preferred shares of US$1 each                                   65,000                   65,000
       50,000,000 redeemable preferred shares of US$1 each                                               50,000                   50,000

                                                                                                        205,000                  205,000


                                                                                             Number of shares          Ordinary shares
                                                                                                 (thousands)                  US$’000
     Issued and fully paid:
        At 31st December 2024 and 2025                                                                  660,373                   66,037

33. RESERVES

                                                           Employee                                   Foreign
                                                         share-based                     Capital     exchange
                                                 Share compensation    Contributed   redemption    translation      Retained
     US$’000                                  premium        reserve       surplus       reserve       reserve         profit         Total
     At 1st January 2024                       734,717        10,760        88,547         4,696      (32,536)     10,334,875    11,141,059
     Total comprehensive income/(loss)
       for the year                                 –             –             –             –         (6,721)     2,580,724     2,574,003
     Transactions with owners
       Employee share-based compensation            –             14            –             –             –               –            14
       2023 final dividend                          –              –            –             –             –         (95,754)      (95,754)
       2023 second special dividend                 –              –            –             –             –         (23,774)      (23,774)
       2024 interim dividend                        –              –            –             –             –        (416,035)     (416,035)

     At 31st December 2024 and
       1st January 2025                        734,717        10,774        88,547         4,696      (39,257)     12,380,036    13,179,513
     Total comprehensive income/(loss)
       for the year                                 –             –             –             –         (1,115)     1,511,295     1,510,180
     Transactions with owners
       2024 final dividend                          –             –             –             –             –        (871,693)     (871,693)
       2025 interim dividend                        –             –             –             –             –        (475,469)     (475,469)

     At 31st December 2025                     734,717        10,774        88,547        4,696       (40,372)     12,544,169    13,342,531




    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
162 Annual Report 2025
                                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



34. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS
  An intermediate holding company of the Group, COSCO SHIPPING Holdings Co., Ltd. (“COSCO SHIPPING Holdings”)
  operates share option schemes whereby options are granted to eligible employees of the Group to subscribe for its shares.
  COSCO SHIPPING Holdings has no legal or constructive obligation to repurchase or settle the options in cash.

  At a special general meeting of COSCO SHIPPING Holdings held on 30th May 2019, the shareholders of COSCO SHIPPING
  Holdings approved the adoption of a share option scheme (the “2019 Share Option Scheme”). No consideration was paid by
  the grantees for the acceptance of share options.

  At a special general meeting of COSCO SHIPPING Holdings held on 29th May 2020, the shareholders of COSCO SHIPPING
  Holdings approved the adoption of a share option scheme (the “2020 Share Option Scheme”). No consideration was paid by
  the grantees for the acceptance of share options.

  Under the 2019 Share Option Scheme and 2020 Share Option Scheme, the exercises of the options of three batches are subject
  to two-year, three-year and four-year vesting periods respectively during which a participant is not allowed to exercise any
  option granted. After the expiration of each vesting period, the participant may exercise the options in three batches in the
  one year, one year and three years after the expiration of each vesting period respectively. Within the exercise period of the
  share options, and subject to the fulfilment of the vesting conditions and the exercise arrangement of the share options, grant
  of each share option entitles the grantee to subscribe for one A share of COSCO SHIPPING Holdings at relevant exercise
  price in three batches evenly after the expiry of each vesting period.

  Movements of the share options granted by COSCO SHIPPING Holdings to the employees of the Group during the years
  ended 31st December 2025 and 2024 are set out below:


                                                                                        Year ended 31st December 2025
                                                                                           Number of share options
                                                                       Outstanding                                          Outstanding
                                                                           as at 1st        Exercised          Forfeited      as at 31st
                                                                           January         during the         during the     December
   Date of grant            Exercisable period   Exercise price                2025            period            period            2025
   3rd June 2019            Note i               Note iii                  939,031                  –                  –        939,031
   29th May 2020            Note ii              Note iii                  234,259           (234,259)                 –               –
                                                                          1,173,290         (234,259)                   –       939,031


                                                                                        Year ended 31st December 2024
                                                                                           Number of share options
                                                                        Outstanding                                         Outstanding
                                                                            as at 1st       Exercised          Forfeited      as at 31st
                                                                            January        during the         during the     December
   Date of grant            Exercisable period   Exercise price                 2024           period             period           2024
   3rd June 2019            Note i               Note iii                 1,228,357           (55,066)         (234,260)        939,031
   29th May 2020            Note ii              Note iii                 1,505,364        (1,271,105)                 –        234,259
                                                                           2,733,721       (1,326,171)          (234,260)      1,173,290




                                                                                          Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                            Annual Report 2025 163
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



34. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (CONTINUED)
    Notes:

    (i)    The share options were granted on 3rd June 2019 under the 2019 Share Option Scheme at an exercise price of RMB4.10 (refer to note (iii) for
           the revised exercise price). According to the provisions of the 2019 Share Option Scheme, share options under each grant have a validity period
           of ten years from 30th May 2019 and cannot be exercised evenly during the two-year, three-year and four-year period commencing from the
           date of grant (the “Restriction Period”). Besides, subject to the fulfilment of the relevant vesting conditions, share options will be exercised in
           three batches evenly over a period of one year, one year and three years after the expiry of each Restriction Period, i.e. 33%, 33% and 34%.

    (ii)   The share options were granted on 29th May 2020 under the 2020 Share Option Scheme at an exercise price of RMB3.50 (refer to note (iii) for
           the revised exercise price). According to the provisions of the 2020 Share Option Scheme, share options under each grant have a validity period
           of ten years from 29th May 2020 and cannot be exercised evenly during the Restriction Period. Besides, subject to the fulfilment of the relevant
           vesting conditions, share options will be exercised in three batches evenly over a period of one year, one year and three years after the expiry of
           each Restriction Period, i.e. 33%, 33% and 34%.

    (iii) Upon the completion of the capitalisation issue of 3 shares for every 10 shares by converting capital reserve to share capital of COSCO
          SHIPPING Holdings in July 2021, the exercise price of the outstanding share options under the 2019 Share Option Scheme was adjusted from
          RMB4.10 per share to RMB3.15 per share and the exercise price of the outstanding share options under the 2020 Share Option Scheme was
          adjusted from RMB3.50 per share to RMB2.69 per share.

           According to the 2021 final profit distribution plan of COSCO SHIPPING Holdings, the exercise price of options granted for the 2019 Share
           Option Scheme was adjusted from RMB3.15 per share to RMB2.28 per share and the exercise price of options granted for the 2020 Share
           Option Scheme was adjusted from RMB2.69 per share to RMB1.82 per share on 10th June 2022.

           According to the 2022 interim profit distribution plan of COSCO SHIPPING Holdings, the exercise price of options granted for the 2019 Share
           Option Scheme was adjusted from RMB2.28 per share to RMB1 per share and the exercise price of options granted for the 2020 Share Option
           Scheme was adjusted from RMB1.82 per share to RMB1 per share on 12th December 2022.




    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
164 Annual Report 2025
                                                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



35. LEASE LIABILITIES

    US$’000                                                                                           2025                  2024
    Non-current                                                                                    711,064                811,607
    Current                                                                                        568,384                561,616
                                                                                                 1,279,448              1,373,223

   The maturity of lease liabilities is as follows:


                                                                                                    Present            Minimum
    US$’000                                                                                           value            payments
    At 31st December 2025
      2026                                                                                         568,384                602,228
      2027                                                                                         369,987                387,945
      2028                                                                                         168,980                177,178
      2029                                                                                          95,968                100,993
      2030                                                                                          35,871                 38,231
      2031 onwards                                                                                  40,258                 41,247
                                                                                                 1,279,448              1,347,822
    At 31st December 2024
      2025                                                                                          561,616               600,485
      2026                                                                                          412,803               432,401
      2027                                                                                          233,542               242,408
      2028                                                                                           97,344               100,223
      2029                                                                                           61,154                62,718
      2030 onwards                                                                                    6,764                 7,160
                                                                                                  1,373,223             1,445,395

36. PROVISION
   The Group entered into the TSA in October 2019 to which the Group committed to place, or procure the placement of an
   annual minimum number of vessel lifts in LBCT for 20 years. Failure to meet the committed volume for each contract year
   would require certain level of deficiency payment as stipulated in the TSA.

   As at 31st December 2025, the Group reassessed the expected number of vessel lifts in LBCT for each of the remaining
   contract years with reference to future prospects of the market and its expected load factor. The current economic
   environment, tariff policies and other targeted policies in the USA are still highly uncertain. Frequent shifts in tariff policies
   and the exceptionally intense market competition are expected to have some negative impact on the demand/import of
   the USA in the near future. As at 31st December 2025, with these uncertainties over such a long-term contract period,
   management reassessed that the projected vessel lifts in LBCT would result in a shortfall on minimum volume commitment
   over the remaining contract period. The Group estimated an onerous contract provision of US$876.7 million as at 31st
   December 2025 (2024: US$896.7 million).

   Movements in the onerous provision are as follows:


    US$’000                                                                                            2025                  2024
    Balance at beginning of year                                                                   896,745                916,745
    Credited to consolidated profit and loss account                                               (20,000)               (20,000)

    Balance at end of year                                                                         876,745                896,745

   Refer to note 4(d) for more details of the calculation methodology adopted and key assumptions used by management in
   estimating the onerous provision.



                                                                                         Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025 165
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



37. CREDITORS AND ACCRUALS

        US$’000                                                                                                       2025                      2024
        Trade payables
          Third parties                                                                                            178,994                   203,696
          Joint ventures                                                                                             1,697                     1,375
          Fellow subsidiaries                                                                                       23,873                    23,894
          Related companies                                                                                         27,548                    28,662

                                                                                                                   232,112                   257,627
        Other creditors                                                                                            182,150                   160,366
        Accrued expenses#                                                                                        1,333,915                 1,482,933
        Contract liabilities*                                                                                       19,649                    19,618
        Amounts due to related parties
          Joint ventures                                                                                             3,461                      4,506
          Fellow subsidiaries                                                                                        6,510                      4,722
          Related companies                                                                                         24,267                        264

                                                                                                                 1,802,064                 1,930,036

    #
           Accrued expenses mainly represent accrual for operating costs for container transport and logistics operation and accrued discretionary
           bonuses.


    *      As permitted by HKFRS 15, the transaction price for contracts with an original expected duration of one year or less is exempt from disclosure
           due to practical expedient.

    The ageing analysis of the Group’s trade payables, prepared in accordance with the dates of invoices, is as follows:


        US$’000                                                                                                       2025                     2024
        Below 1 month                                                                                              151,100                   182,022
        2 to 3 months                                                                                               69,097                    67,192
        4 to 6 months                                                                                                2,354                     2,490
        Over 6 months                                                                                                9,561                     5,923
                                                                                                                   232,112                   257,627

    The carrying amounts of the Group’s trade payables are denominated in the following currencies:


        US$’000                                                                                                       2025                     2024
        US dollars                                                                                                  92,082                   124,493
        Renminbi                                                                                                    37,582                    31,407
        Euro                                                                                                        34,868                    31,797
        Japanese yen                                                                                                14,456                    13,063
        Hong Kong dollars                                                                                            8,056                     9,509
        Pound sterling                                                                                               5,737                     4,183
        Canadian dollars                                                                                             4,163                     5,861
        Other currencies                                                                                            35,168                    37,314
                                                                                                                   232,112                   257,627




    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
166 Annual Report 2025
                                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



38. COMMITMENTS
  (a) Capital commitments – Property, plant and equipment

      US$’000                                                                                    2025                  2024
      Contracted but not provided for
        Vessels under construction                                                          3,830,655              2,209,801
        Others                                                                                 25,203                  5,470
                                                                                            3,855,858              2,215,271

  (b) Lease commitments
     The non-cancellable lease commitments include leases of low-value assets, short-term leases with a term of twelve
     months or less and long-term leases with a term of over twelve months not yet commenced at 31st December 2025.

     The future aggregate minimum lease payments under non-cancellable short-term leases or low-value leases are payable
     in the following years:


                                                                    Vessels and             Land and
      US$’000                                                       equipment               buildings                  Total
      At 31st December 2025
        Less than 1 year                                                234,683                   980               235,663
        Between 1 and 2 years                                            71,795                     –                71,795
        Between 2 and 5 years                                            79,470                     –                79,470
        Over 5 years                                                        722                     –                   722
                                                                        386,670                   980               387,650
      At 31st December 2024
        Less than 1 year                                                179,470                  1,184              180,654
        Between 1 and 2 years                                            83,445                      –               83,445
        Between 2 and 5 years                                           135,660                      –              135,660
        Over 5 years                                                      1,577                      –                1,577
                                                                        400,152                  1,184              401,336

     On 22nd October 2024, the Group as lessee entered into the charterparties for the chartering of a total of six vessels for
     a term of 15 years commencing from the dates of delivery of the respective vessels, which are expected to be between the
     fourth quarter of 2026 and the first quarter of 2028. As at 31st December 2025, the aggregate minimum lease payments
     payable by the Group for all vessels under the charterparties are US$1,582.3 million (2024: US$1,563.4 million).

     On 19th September 2025, the Group as lessee entered into another charterparties for the chartering of a total of five
     vessels for a term of 7.5 years commencing from the dates of delivery of the respective vessels, which are expected to be
     between the fourth quarter of 2027 and the third quarter of 2028. As at 31st December 2025, the aggregate minimum
     lease payments payable by the Group for all vessels under the charterparties are US$428.0 million.




                                                                                    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025 167
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



38. COMMITMENTS (CONTINUED)
    (c) Operating lease rental receivable
         The future aggregate minimum lease rental income under non-cancellable operating leases are receivable in the
         following years:


                                                                                       Land and
          US$’000                                                     Vessels          buildings               Total
          At 31st December 2025
            Less than 1 year                                         149,770              26,077            175,847
            Between 1 and 2 years                                     11,682              22,082             33,764
            Between 2 and 5 years                                          –              45,836             45,836
            Over 5 years                                                   –              34,645             34,645
                                                                     161,452             128,640            290,092
          At 31st December 2024
            Less than 1 year                                         108,060              21,252             129,312
            Between 1 and 2 years                                          –              18,022              18,022
            Between 2 and 5 years                                          –              38,721              38,721
            Over 5 years                                                   –              34,807              34,807
                                                                     108,060             112,802             220,862

39. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
    (a) Reconciliation of operating profit to cash generated from operations

          US$’000                                                                           2025                2024
          Operating profit                                                             1,535,466           2,624,844
          Interest income                                                               (320,514)           (392,389)
          Dividend income and distribution                                                  (257)             (1,135)
          Reversal of provision for onerous contract                                     (20,000)            (20,000)
          Depreciation and amortisation                                                  994,131             900,915
          Net fair value loss from assets                                                    286              49,888
          Gain on disposal of non-current assets                                         (17,245)            (17,476)
          Loss/(gain) on early termination of leases                                         111              (1,199)
          Gain on bargain purchase of an associated company                                    –              (1,347)
          Employee share-based compensation                                                    –                  14
          Operating profit before working capital changes                              2,171,978           3,142,115
          (Increase)/decrease in inventories                                              (5,795)              5,673
          Decrease/(increase) in debtors and prepayments                                  53,918             (28,905)
          (Decrease)/increase in creditors and accruals                                 (144,884)            171,191
          Change in net pension assets                                                      (426)               (413)
          Cash generated from operations                                               2,074,791           3,289,661




    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
168 Annual Report 2025
                                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



39. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT (CONTINUED)
  (b) The reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities is as follows:

       US$’000                                                                                                 Lease liabilities
       At 1st January 2024                                                                                            1,438,238
       Cash flow
         Outflow from financing activities                                                                             (660,006)
       Non-cash changes
         Inception of leases (note 39(c))                                                                               591,796
         Termination of leases                                                                                           (5,587)
         Currency translation adjustments                                                                                (3,248)
         Finance costs                                                                                                   12,030

       At 31st December 2024 and 1st January 2025                                                                     1,373,223
       Cash flow
         Outflow from financing activities                                                                             (656,069)
       Non-cash changes
         Inception of leases (note 39(c))                                                                               552,577
         Termination of leases                                                                                             (464)
         Currency translation adjustments                                                                                 2,003
         Finance costs                                                                                                    8,178

       At 31st December 2025                                                                                          1,279,448


  (c) Major non-cash transactions
      During the year, major non-cash transactions included the inception of leases of US$552.6 million (2024: US$591.8
      million).

  (d) Analysis of cash and cash equivalents

       US$’000                                                                                      2025                   2024
       Bank balances and deposits maturing within three months
         from the date of placement                                                            3,095,149              5,650,964


  (e) Cash outflow for leases
      In addition to the cash flows arising from lease liabilities as stated in note 39(b) above, the total cash outflow for short-
      term and low-value leases and interest expense on lease liabilities for the year ended 31st December 2025 is US$507.0
      million (2024: US$515.9 million).




                                                                                       Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025 169
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



40. SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
    The Company is controlled by COSCO SHIPPING, the ultimate parent company of the Group and a state-owned enterprise
    established in the PRC.

    COSCO SHIPPING itself is controlled by the PRC government, which also owns a significant portion of the productive
    assets in the PRC. Government-related entities and their subsidiaries directly or indirectly controlled, jointly controlled or
    significantly influenced by the PRC government are defined as related parties of the Group. On that basis, related parties
    include COSCO SHIPPING and its subsidiaries (other than the Group) (collectively referred to as “COSCO SHIPPING
    Group”) and related entities of COSCO SHIPPING (including joint ventures and associated companies), other government-
    related entities and their subsidiaries, entities in which the Company is able to exercise joint control or significant influence,
    and key management personnel of the Company and COSCO SHIPPING as well as their close family members. The Group’s
    transactions with other government-related entities and their subsidiaries include but are not limited to rendering or
    receiving of services, purchases or sales of assets and receiving of bank deposit services. The detailed disclosures in relation
    to these transactions and outstanding balances are exempted. The Directors believe that the information of related party
    transactions has been adequately disclosed in the consolidated financial statements.

    In addition to the related party information and transactions disclosed elsewhere in the consolidated financial statements,
    the following is a summary of significant related party transactions conducted in the ordinary course of business between the
    Group and its related parties during the year.

    Save and except for terminal charges of US$189.5 million (2024: US$133.3 million), which formed part of the total terminal
    charges of US$441.0 million (2024: US$387.2 million) transacted with related parties but did not constitute connected
    transactions of the Group, all other transactions set out in table (a) below constituted connected transactions of the Group
    which the Company has complied with the disclosure requirements in accordance with Chapter 14A of the Rules Governing
    the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited as disclosed in the section headed “Connected
    Transactions” of the Report of the Directors on pages 93 to 98 of this annual report.

    (a) Transactions with COSCO SHIPPING Group and related entities of COSCO SHIPPING
        (including joint ventures and associated companies)

          US$’000                                                                                       2025                  2024
          Income
            Container transport income (note ii)                                                    165,468                178,825
            Freight forwarding income                                                                16,730                 18,853
            Service income
               Vessels                                                                              193,416                163,966
               Containers                                                                            40,303                 25,679
            Information technology service income                                                    60,633                 55,669
            Interest income                                                                           2,305                  2,250

          Expenses
            Cargo transportation costs                                                              135,876                123,638
            Freight forwarding expenses                                                              37,202                 33,363
            Terminal charges (note iii)                                                             440,961                387,159
            Expenses relating to short-term leases and leases with low-value assets
               Vessels                                                                              201,367                207,341
               Containers                                                                            81,427                 77,506
               Land and buildings                                                                     1,185                    929
            Slot hire expenses                                                                       18,484                 14,763
            Purchase of bunker (note iv)                                                            235,521                297,371
            Crew expenses                                                                             3,177                  2,831
            Insurance expenses                                                                        4,000                  3,933
            Service fee                                                                                 300                    300

          Others
            Purchase of containers                                                                  290,318                117,520
            Instalments of vessels under construction (note v)                                    1,459,417              1,000,205



    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
170 Annual Report 2025
                                                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



40. SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
  (b) Transactions with joint ventures of the Group

           US$’000                                                                                                2025                      2024
           Income
             Container transport income                                                                             471                      459

           Expenses
             Cargo transportation costs                                                                         18,394                   16,127


  (c) Transactions with other related parties

           US$’000                                                                                                2025                      2024
           Income
             Container transport income                                                                          1,677                       160
             Freight forwarding income                                                                             727                     1,187

           Expenses
             Cargo transportation costs                                                                         12,800                   19,745
             Freight forwarding expenses                                                                           909                    1,040
             Terminal charges                                                                                  183,087                  171,333
             Expenses relating to short-term leases and leases with low-value assets
                Containers                                                                                            –                       80
             Slot hire expenses                                                                                       –                    2,232

           Others
             Purchase of containers                                                                                   –                  10,548


  (d) Transactions with state-owned banks
         As at 31st December 2025, approximately 50% (2024: 60%) of the Group’s bank balances are with state-owned banks.

  Notes:

  (i)    These transactions were conducted either (i) based on terms as governed by the master agreements and subsisting agreements entered into
         between the Group and COSCO SHIPPING Group or (ii) based on terms as set out in the underlying agreements, statutory rates or market
         prices or actual costs incurred, or as mutually agreed between the Group and the parties in concern.


  (ii)   Container transport income of US$58.4 million (2024: US$60.9 million) were transacted with the associated companies and joint ventures of
         COSCO SHIPPING during the year ended 31st December 2025.


  (iii) Terminal charges of US$312.3 million (2024: US$276.9 million) were transacted with the associated companies and joint ventures of COSCO
        SHIPPING during the year ended 31st December 2025.


  (iv)   Bunker of US$203.0 million (2024: US$187.1 million) was purchased from a joint venture of COSCO SHIPPING during the year ended 31st
         December 2025.


  (v)    The Group entered into shipbuilding contracts for fourteen vessels with a subsidiary and a joint venture of COSCO SHIPPING respectively for
         an aggregate consideration of US$3,080.0 million during the year ended 31st December 2025 (2024: nil). The remaining capital commitment is
         disclosed in note 38(a).




                                                                                                   Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025 171
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



41. COMPANY BALANCE SHEET
    As at 31st December 2025

     US$’000                                         2025        2024
     ASSETS
     Non-current asset
     Investments in subsidiaries                  180,261     180,261

     Current assets
     Prepayments                                       107         106
     Amounts due from subsidiaries               5,166,473   3,858,388
     Restricted bank balances                        2,799       2,530
     Cash and bank balances                             14          20

                                                 5,169,393   3,861,044

     Total assets                                5,349,654   4,041,305

     EQUITY
     Equity holders
     Share capital                                  66,037      66,037
     Reserves (note)                             5,243,952   3,914,206

     Total equity                                5,309,989   3,980,243

     LIABILITIES
     Current liabilities
     Creditors and accruals                         2,896       2,628
     Amounts due to subsidiaries                   36,769      58,434

                                                   39,665      61,062

     Total equity and liabilities                5,349,654   4,041,305




    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
172 Annual Report 2025
                                                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



41. COMPANY BALANCE SHEET (CONTINUED)
  Note:

  Movements of reserves


                                                                 Employee
                                                               share-based                          Capital
                                                    Share    compensation      Contributed      redemption         Retained
   US$’000                                       premium           reserve         surplus          reserve           profit           Total
   At 1st January 2024                             734,717           10,760          88,547           4,696        3,391,851       4,230,571
   Total comprehensive income for the year               –                –               –               –          219,184         219,184
   Transactions with owners
      Employee share-based compensation                  –               14               –               –                –              14
      2023 final dividend                                –                –               –               –          (95,754)        (95,754)
      2023 second special dividend                       –                –               –               –          (23,774)        (23,774)
      2024 interim dividend                              –                –               –               –         (416,035)       (416,035)

   At 31st December 2024 and 1st January 2025      734,717           10,774          88,547           4,696        3,075,472       3,914,206
   Total comprehensive income for the year               –                –               –               –        2,676,908       2,676,908
   Transactions with owners
      2024 final dividend                                –                –               –               –         (871,693)       (871,693)
      2025 interim dividend                              –                –               –               –         (475,469)       (475,469)

   At 31st December 2025                           734,717          10,774           88,547           4,696       4,405,218        5,243,952


  Under the Bermuda Companies Act and the memorandum of association and bye-laws of the Company, the contributed surplus is also distributable.
  Accordingly, total distributable reserves of the Company amounted to US$4,493.8 million as at 31st December 2025 (2024: US$3,164.0 million).


42. APPROVAL OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  The consolidated financial statements were approved by the Board of Directors on 12th March 2026.




                                                                                               Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025 173
Principal Subsidiaries, Associated Companies and Joint Ventures
as at 31st December 2025




                                    Effective     Issued and fully paid up
                                    percentage    capital/registered capital/
 Name of Company                    held by Group contributed cash capital      Principal activities              Place of incorporation   Area of operations

 Subsidiaries

 CargoSmart (Zhuhai) Ltd.           100             Registered capital          Shipping and logistics software   China*                   China
                                                    US$23,725,000               application development

 Consolidated Leasing &             100             1 common stock              Investment holding, equipment USA                          USA
   Terminals, Inc.                                  US$100                      owning and leasing

 Containers No. 1 Inc.              100             10,000 ordinary shares      Equipment owning and leasing      Marshall Islands         Worldwide
                                                    US$100,000

 Containers No. 3 Inc.              100             10,000 ordinary shares      Equipment leasing                 Marshall Islands         Worldwide
                                                    US$100,000

 Containers No. 5 Inc.              100             5,000 ordinary shares       Equipment leasing                 Marshall Islands         Worldwide
                                                    US$5,000

 Dongguan Orient Container Co., Ltd. 100            Registered capital          Container depot and               China*                   China
                                                    HK$29,000,000               warehousing

 Far Gain Investment Limited        100             10,000 ordinary shares      Investment holding                Hong Kong, China         Hong Kong, China
                                                    HK$10,000

 Glory Top Investment Limited       100             10,000 ordinary shares      Portfolio investment              Hong Kong, China         Hong Kong, China
                                                    HK$10,000

 Hai Dong Transportation Company    100             100,000 ordinary shares     Freight forwarding                Hong Kong, China         Hong Kong, China
   Limited                                          HK$100,000

 IQAX Limited                       100             20,000,000 class A          AI and blockchain digital data    Hong Kong, China         Hong Kong, China
                                                    ordinary shares             on network applications and
                                                    US$20,000,000               platform design

 Kenwake Limited                    100             1,600,000 ordinary shares   Investment holding                United Kingdom           United Kingdom
                                    100             520,000 5% cumulative
                                                    preference shares
                                                    £2,120,000

 Laronda Company Limited            100             5,000 ordinary shares       Portfolio investment              British Virgin Islands   Worldwide
                                                    US$5,000

 Maritime Delivery Services Inc.    100             1,000 common stock          Trucking service                  USA                      USA
                                                    US$10,000

 Newcontainer 1370A Shipping Inc.   100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning and chartering        Marshall Islands         Worldwide
                                                    US$5,000

 Newcontainer 1371A Shipping Inc.   100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning and chartering        Marshall Islands         Worldwide
                                                    US$5,000

 Newcontainer 1420 Shipping Inc.    100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning and chartering        Marshall Islands         Worldwide
                                                    US$5,000




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
174 Annual Report 2025
                                          Principal Subsidiaries, Associated Companies and Joint Ventures
                                                                                                                         as at 31st December 2025




                                   Effective     Issued and fully paid up
                                   percentage    capital/registered capital/
Name of Company                    held by Group contributed cash capital      Principal activities          Place of incorporation   Area of operations

Subsidiaries (Continued)

Newcontainer 1421 Shipping Inc.    100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning and chartering    Marshall Islands         Worldwide
                                                   US$5,000

Newcontainer 1484 Shipping Inc.    100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning and chartering    Marshall Islands         Worldwide
                                                   US$5,000

Newcontainer 1564A Shipping Inc.   100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship chartering               Marshall Islands         Worldwide
                                                   US$5,000

Newcontainer 1565A Shipping Inc.   100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning and chartering    Marshall Islands         Worldwide
                                                   US$5,000

Newcontainer 1584A Shipping Inc.   100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship chartering               Marshall Islands         Worldwide
                                                   US$5,000

Newcontainer 1585A Shipping Inc.   100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning and chartering    Marshall Islands         Worldwide
                                                   US$5,000

Newcontainer 1667A Shipping Inc.   100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning and chartering    Marshall Islands         Worldwide
                                                   US$5,000

Newcontainer 1668A Shipping Inc.   100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning and chartering    Marshall Islands         Worldwide
                                                   US$5,000

Newcontainer 2002 Shipping Inc.    100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning and chartering    Marshall Islands         Worldwide
                                                   US$5,000

Newcontainer 2004 Shipping Inc.    100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning and chartering    Marshall Islands         Worldwide
                                                   US$5,000

Newcontainer 2005 Shipping Inc.    100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship chartering               Marshall Islands         Worldwide
                                                   US$5,000

Newcontainer 2007 Shipping Inc.    100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship chartering               Marshall Islands         Worldwide
                                                   US$5,000

Newcontainer 2009 Shipping Inc.    100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning and chartering    Marshall Islands         Worldwide
                                                   US$5,000

Newcontainer 2010 Shipping Inc.    100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning and chartering    Marshall Islands         Worldwide
                                                   US$5,000

Newcontainer 2011 Shipping Inc.    100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning and chartering    Marshall Islands         Worldwide
                                                   US$5,000

Newcontainer 2172 Shipping Inc.    100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship chartering               Marshall Islands         Worldwide
                                                   US$5,000

Newcontainer 2173 Shipping Inc.    100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship chartering               Marshall Islands         Worldwide
                                                   US$5,000




                                                                                                       Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025 175
Principal Subsidiaries, Associated Companies and Joint Ventures
as at 31st December 2025




                                      Effective     Issued and fully paid up
                                      percentage    capital/registered capital/
 Name of Company                      held by Group contributed cash capital      Principal activities         Place of incorporation   Area of operations

 Subsidiaries (Continued)

 Newcontainer 4090 Shipping Inc.      100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning and chartering   Marshall Islands         Worldwide
                                                      US$5,000

 Newcontainer No. 5 Shipping Inc.     100             500 ordinary shares         Ship owning and chartering   Liberia†                 Worldwide
                                                      US$5,000

 Newcontainer No. 6 Shipping Inc.     100             500 ordinary shares         Ship owning and chartering   Liberia†                 Worldwide
                                                      US$5,000

 Newcontainer No. 9                   100             500 ordinary shares         Ship owning and chartering   Marshall Islands         Worldwide
   (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

 Newcontainer No. 10                  100             500 ordinary shares         Ship owning and chartering   Marshall Islands         Worldwide
   (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

 Newcontainer No. 15                  100             500 ordinary shares         Ship owning and chartering   Marshall Islands         Worldwide
   (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

 Newcontainer No. 51                  100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning and chartering   Marshall Islands         Worldwide
   (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

 Newcontainer No. 52                  100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning and chartering   Marshall Islands         Worldwide
   (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

 Newcontainer No. 67                  100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning and chartering   Marshall Islands         Worldwide
   (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

 Newcontainer No. 69                  100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning and chartering   Marshall Islands         Worldwide
   (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

 Newcontainer No. 73                  100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning and chartering   Marshall Islands         Worldwide
   (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

 Newcontainer No. 75                  100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning and chartering   Marshall Islands         Worldwide
   (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

 Newcontainer No. 81                  100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning and chartering   Marshall Islands         Worldwide
   (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

 Newcontainer No. 82                  100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning and chartering   Marshall Islands         Worldwide
   (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

 Newcontainer No. 83                  100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning and chartering   Marshall Islands         Worldwide
   (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

 Newcontainer No. 85                  100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning and chartering   Marshall Islands         Worldwide
   (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

 Newcontainer No. 86                  100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning and chartering   Marshall Islands         Worldwide
   (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
176 Annual Report 2025
                                            Principal Subsidiaries, Associated Companies and Joint Ventures
                                                                                                                           as at 31st December 2025




                                     Effective     Issued and fully paid up
                                     percentage    capital/registered capital/
Name of Company                      held by Group contributed cash capital      Principal activities          Place of incorporation   Area of operations

Subsidiaries (Continued)

Newcontainer No. 87                  100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship chartering               Marshall Islands         Worldwide
  (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

Newcontainer No. 88                  100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning and chartering    Marshall Islands         Worldwide
  (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

Newcontainer No. 89                  100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning and chartering    Marshall Islands         Worldwide
  (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

Newcontainer No. 90                  100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship chartering               Marshall Islands         Worldwide
  (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

Newcontainer No. 93                  100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning and chartering    Marshall Islands         Worldwide
  (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

Newcontainer No. 95                  100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning and chartering    Marshall Islands         Worldwide
  (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

Newcontainer No. 96                  100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning and chartering    Marshall Islands         Worldwide
  (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

Newcontainer No. 97                  100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning and chartering    Marshall Islands         Worldwide
  (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

Newcontainer No. 98                  100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning and chartering    Marshall Islands         Worldwide
  (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

Newcontainer No. 99                  100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning and chartering    Marshall Islands         Worldwide
  (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

Newcontainer No. 100                 100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning and chartering    Marshall Islands         Worldwide
  (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

Newcontainer No. 101                 100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning and chartering    Marshall Islands         Worldwide
  (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

Newcontainer No. 102                 100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning and chartering    Marshall Islands         Worldwide
  (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

Newcontainer No. 103                 100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning and chartering    Marshall Islands         Worldwide
  (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

Newcontainer No. 107                 100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning and chartering    Marshall Islands         Worldwide
  (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

Newcontainer No. 108                 100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning and chartering    Marshall Islands         Worldwide
  (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000




                                                                                                         Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025 177
Principal Subsidiaries, Associated Companies and Joint Ventures
as at 31st December 2025




                                      Effective     Issued and fully paid up
                                      percentage    capital/registered capital/
 Name of Company                      held by Group contributed cash capital      Principal activities         Place of incorporation   Area of operations

 Subsidiaries (Continued)

 Newcontainer No. 109                 100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning and chartering   Marshall Islands         Worldwide
   (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

 Newcontainer No. 110                 100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning and chartering   Marshall Islands         Worldwide
   (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

 Newcontainer No. 111                 100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning and chartering   Marshall Islands         Worldwide
   (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

 Newcontainer No. 112                 100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning and chartering   Marshall Islands         Worldwide
   (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

 Newcontainer No. 113                 100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning and chartering   Marshall Islands         Worldwide
   (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

 Newcontainer No. 115                 100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning and chartering   Marshall Islands         Worldwide
   (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

 Newcontainer No. 116                 100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning and chartering   Marshall Islands         Worldwide
   (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

 Newcontainer No. 117                 100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning and chartering   Marshall Islands         Worldwide
   (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

 Newcontainer No. 118                 100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning and chartering   Marshall Islands         Worldwide
   (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

 Newcontainer No. 119                 100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning and chartering   Marshall Islands         Worldwide
   (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

 Newcontainer No. 120                 100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning and chartering   Marshall Islands         Worldwide
   (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

 Newcontainer No. 121                 100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning and chartering   Marshall Islands         Worldwide
   (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

 Newcontainer No. 122                 100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning and chartering   Marshall Islands         Worldwide
   (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

 Newcontainer No. 123                 100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning and chartering   Marshall Islands         Worldwide
   (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

 Newcontainer No. 125                 100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning and chartering   Marshall Islands         Worldwide
   (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

 Newcontainer No. 126                 100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning and chartering   Marshall Islands         Worldwide
   (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

 Newcontainer No. 127                 100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning and chartering   Marshall Islands         Worldwide
   (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
178 Annual Report 2025
                                            Principal Subsidiaries, Associated Companies and Joint Ventures
                                                                                                                           as at 31st December 2025




                                     Effective     Issued and fully paid up
                                     percentage    capital/registered capital/
Name of Company                      held by Group contributed cash capital      Principal activities          Place of incorporation   Area of operations

Subsidiaries (Continued)

Newcontainer No. 128                 100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning and chartering    Marshall Islands         Worldwide
  (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

Newcontainer No. 129                 100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning and chartering    Marshall Islands         Worldwide
  (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

Newcontainer No. 130                 100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning and chartering    Marshall Islands         Worldwide
  (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

Newcontainer No. 131                 100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning and chartering    Marshall Islands         Worldwide
  (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

Newcontainer No. 132                 100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning and chartering    Marshall Islands         Worldwide
  (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

Newcontainer No. 133                 100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning and chartering    Marshall Islands         Worldwide
  (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

Newcontainer No. 134                 100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning and chartering    Marshall Islands         Worldwide
  (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

Newcontainer No. 135                 100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning and chartering    Marshall Islands         Worldwide
  (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

Newcontainer No. 136                 100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning and chartering    Marshall Islands         Worldwide
  (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

Newcontainer No. 137                 100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning and chartering    Marshall Islands         Worldwide
  (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

Newcontainer No. 138                 100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning and chartering    Marshall Islands         Worldwide
  (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

Newcontainer No. 139                 100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning and chartering    Marshall Islands         Worldwide
  (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

Newcontainer No. 140                 100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning and chartering    Marshall Islands         Worldwide
  (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

Newcontainer No. 141                 100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning and chartering    Marshall Islands         Worldwide
  (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

Newcontainer No. 142                 100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning and chartering    Marshall Islands         Worldwide
  (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

Newcontainer No. 143                 100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning                   Marshall Islands         Worldwide
  (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000                    (under construction)

Newcontainer No. 145                 100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning                   Marshall Islands         Worldwide
  (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000                    (under construction)




                                                                                                         Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025 179
Principal Subsidiaries, Associated Companies and Joint Ventures
as at 31st December 2025




                                      Effective     Issued and fully paid up
                                      percentage    capital/registered capital/
 Name of Company                      held by Group contributed cash capital      Principal activities   Place of incorporation   Area of operations

 Subsidiaries (Continued)

 Newcontainer No. 146                 100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning            Marshall Islands         Worldwide
   (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000                    (under construction)

 Newcontainer No. 147                 100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning            Marshall Islands         Worldwide
   (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000                    (under construction)

 Newcontainer No. 148                 100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning            Marshall Islands         Worldwide
   (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000                    (under construction)

 Newcontainer No. 149                 100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning            Marshall Islands         Worldwide
   (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000                    (under construction)

 Newcontainer No. 150                 100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning            Marshall Islands         Worldwide
   (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000                    (under construction)

 Newcontainer No. 151                 100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning            Marshall Islands         Worldwide
   (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000                    (under construction)

 Newcontainer No. 152                 100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning            Marshall Islands         Worldwide
   (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000                    (under construction)

 Newcontainer No. 153                 100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning            Marshall Islands         Worldwide
   (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000                    (under construction)

 Newcontainer No. 155                 100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning            Marshall Islands         Worldwide
   (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000                    (under construction)

 Newcontainer No. 156                 100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning            Marshall Islands         Worldwide
   (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000                    (under construction)

 Newcontainer No. 157                 100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning            Marshall Islands         Worldwide
   (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000                    (under construction)

 Newcontainer No. 158                 100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning            Marshall Islands         Worldwide
   (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000                    (under construction)

 Newcontainer No. 159                 100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning            Marshall Islands         Worldwide
   (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000                    (under construction)

 Newcontainer No. 160                 100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning            Marshall Islands         Worldwide
   (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000                    (under construction)

 Newcontainer No. 161                 100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning            Marshall Islands         Worldwide
   (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000                    (under construction)

 Newcontainer No. 162                 100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning            Marshall Islands         Worldwide
   (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000                    (under construction)

 Newcontainer No. 163                 100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning            Marshall Islands         Worldwide
   (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000                    (under construction)




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
180 Annual Report 2025
                                            Principal Subsidiaries, Associated Companies and Joint Ventures
                                                                                                                               as at 31st December 2025




                                     Effective     Issued and fully paid up
                                     percentage    capital/registered capital/
Name of Company                      held by Group contributed cash capital      Principal activities              Place of incorporation   Area of operations

Subsidiaries (Continued)

Newcontainer No. 165                 100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning                       Marshall Islands         Worldwide
  (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000                    (under construction)

Newcontainer No. 166                 100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning                       Marshall Islands         Worldwide
  (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000                    (under construction)

OLL Logistics (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd.   100             10,000 ordinary shares      Logistics, cargo consolidation    Malaysia                 Malaysia
                                                     RM10,000                    and forwarding

O M Depot Company Limited            51              80,000 ordinary shares      Container depot                   Thailand                 Thailand
                                                     THB8,000,000

OOCL (Agencies) Holdings Inc.        100             5,000 ordinary shares       Investment holding                Marshall Islands         Worldwide
                                                     US$5,000

OOCL (Assets) Holdings Inc.          100             500 ordinary shares         Investment holding                Liberia†                 Worldwide
                                                     US$5,000

OOCL (Assets USA) Holdings Inc.      100             50,000 ordinary shares      Investment holding                Liberia†                 USA
                                                     US$50,000

OOCL (Australia) Pty. Limited        100             200,000 ordinary shares     Liner agency                      Australia                Australia
                                                     A$200,000

OOCL BENELUX                         100             226,271 ordinary shares     Liner agency                      Belgium                  Belgium
                                                     €609,799

OOCL (Cambodia) Limited              100             50,000 ordinary shares      Liner agency                      Cambodia                 Cambodia
                                                     Riel200,000,000

OOCL (Canada) Inc.                   100             10,000 common stock         Liner agency                      Canada                   Canada
                                                     C$91,000

OOCL (China) Investment Limited      100             2 ordinary shares           Investment holding                Hong Kong, China         China
                                                     HK$2

OOCL (Corporate Services) Limited    100             2 ordinary shares           Provision of corporate services   Hong Kong, China         Hong Kong, China
                                                     HK$2

OOCL (Denmark) A/S                   100             1,000 ordinary shares       Liner agency                      Denmark                  Northern Europe
                                                     DKK500,000

OOCL (Europe) Limited                100             5,000,000 ordinary shares   Container transport,              United Kingdom           Worldwide
                                                     £5,000,000                  investment holding and liner
                                                                                 territorial office

OOCL (Finland) Ltd Oy                100             150 ordinary shares         Liner agency                      Finland                  Finland
                                                     €2,522.82




                                                                                                           Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                                             Annual Report 2025 181
Principal Subsidiaries, Associated Companies and Joint Ventures
as at 31st December 2025




                                     Effective     Issued and fully paid up
                                     percentage    capital/registered capital/
 Name of Company                     held by Group contributed cash capital      Principal activities              Place of incorporation   Area of operations

 Subsidiaries (Continued)

 OOCL (HK) Limited                   100             500 ordinary shares         Investment holding                Hong Kong, China         Hong Kong, China
                                                     HK$50,000

 OOCL (India) Private Limited        100             1,000 equity shares         Liner agency                      India                    India
                                                     INR100,000

 OOCL (Infotech) Holdings Limited    100             2 ordinary shares           Investment holding, owner         British Virgin Islands   Worldwide
                                                     US$2                        of intellectual property rights
                                                                                 and proprietary information
                                                                                 and provision of information
                                                                                 technology service

 OOCL (Italy) S.r.l.                 100             1 quota                     Liner agency                      Italy                    Italy
                                                     €10,000

 OOCL (Korea) Ltd.                   100             16,000 common stock         Liner agency                      Korea                    Korea
                                                     Won160,000,000

 OOCL (Liners) Holdings Limited      100             2 ordinary shares           Investment holding                Hong Kong, China         Hong Kong, China
                                                     HK$2

 OOCL (Logistics) Holdings Limited   100             10,000 ordinary shares      Investment holding                British Virgin Islands   Worldwide
                                                     US$10,000

 OOCL (Mexico), S.A. de C.V.         100             600,000 ordinary shares     Liner agency                      Mexico                   Mexico
                                                     Mexican Peso600,000

 OOCL (New Zealand) Ltd.             100             100 ordinary shares         Liner agency                      New Zealand              New Zealand
                                                     NZD1,000

 OOCL Pakistan (Private) Ltd.        100             1,350,000 ordinary shares   Liner agency                      Pakistan                 Pakistan
                                                     PKR13,500,000

 OOCL (Philippines) Inc.             100             55,000 common stock         Liner agency                      Philippines              Philippines
                                                     Philippine Peso5,500,000

 OOCL (Poland) Ltd. sp. z o.o.       100             1,000 ordinary shares       Liner agency                      Poland                   Poland
                                                     PLN50,000

 OOCL (Portugal), Lda                100             2 quotas                    Liner agency                      Portugal                 Portugal
                                                     €25,000

 OOCL (Russia) Ltd.                  100             1 ordinary share            Liner agency                      Russia                   Russia
                                                     RUB10,000

 OOCL (Shanghai) Logistics           100             Registered capital          Management of transportation      China*                   China
  Management Limited                                 RMB5,000,000                and logistics services

 OOCL (Singapore) Pte Ltd            100             100,000 ordinary shares     Liner agency                      Singapore                Singapore
                                                     S$100,000

 OOCL (Terminals) Investment         100             500 ordinary shares         Investment holding                British Virgin Islands   Worldwide
  Limited                                            US$500




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
182 Annual Report 2025
                                          Principal Subsidiaries, Associated Companies and Joint Ventures
                                                                                                                             as at 31st December 2025




                                   Effective     Issued and fully paid up
                                   percentage    capital/registered capital/
Name of Company                    held by Group contributed cash capital      Principal activities             Place of incorporation   Area of operations

Subsidiaries (Continued)

OOCL (USA) Inc.                    100             1,030 common stock          Liner agency                     USA                      USA
                                                   US$1,030

OOCL (Vietnam) Co., Ltd.           100             Legal capital               Liner agency                     Vietnam                  Vietnam
                                                   US$500,000

OOCL China Domestics Ltd.          100             Registered capital          Transportation and freight       China±                   China
                                                   RMB21,250,000               agency

OOCL GEMİ ACENTELİĞİ               100             100,000 shares              Liner agency                     Türkiye                  Türkiye
 HİZMETLERİ VE TİCARET                             TL.100,000
 ANONİM ŞİRKETİ

OOCL LLC                           100             Capital of                  Equipment owning and leasing     USA                      USA
                                                   US$500,000

OOCL Logistics Limited             100             10,000 ordinary shares      Investment holding               British Virgin Islands   Hong Kong, China
                                                   US$10,000

OOCL Logistics (Asia Pacific)      100             200 ordinary shares         Investment holding,              Bermuda                  Worldwide
 Limited                                           US$20,000                   management of international
                                                                               transportation and logistics

OOCL Logistics (Australia) Pty.    100             200,000 ordinary shares     Logistics, cargo consolidation   Australia                Australia
 Limited                                           A$200,000                   and forwarding

OOCL Logistics (Cambodia) Ltd.     100             1,250 ordinary shares       Logistics, cargo consolidation   Cambodia                 Cambodia
                                                   Riel5,000,000               and forwarding

OOCL Logistics (Canada) Ltd.       100             1,000 common stock          Logistics, cargo consolidation   Canada                   Canada
                                                   C$1,000                     and forwarding

OOCL Logistics (China) Ltd         100             Registered capital          Logistics, cargo consolidation   China*                   China
                                                   US$4,840,000                and forwarding

OOCL Logistics (Europe) Limited    100             2 ordinary shares           Logistics, cargo consolidation    United Kingdom          Europe
                                                   £2                          and forwarding territorial office

OOCL Logistics (Hong Kong) Limited 100             50,000 ordinary shares      Logistics, cargo consolidation   Hong Kong, China         Hong Kong, China
                                                   HK$500,000                  and forwarding

OOCL Logistics (India) Private     100             35,000 equity shares        Logistics, cargo consolidation   India                    India
 Limited                                           INR3,500,000                and forwarding

OOCL Logistics (Japan) Ltd.        100             6,200 ordinary shares       Logistics, cargo consolidation   Japan                    Japan
                                                   Yen10,000,000               and forwarding

OOCL Logistics (Korea) Ltd.        100             280,000 common stock        Logistics, cargo consolidation   Korea                    Korea
                                                   Won2,800,000,000            and forwarding

OOCL Logistics Mexico, S.A. de C.V. 100            500,000 ordinary shares     Logistics, cargo consolidation   Mexico                   Mexico
                                                   Mexican Peso500,000         and forwarding




                                                                                                         Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025 183
Principal Subsidiaries, Associated Companies and Joint Ventures
as at 31st December 2025




                                   Effective     Issued and fully paid up
                                   percentage    capital/registered capital/
 Name of Company                   held by Group contributed cash capital        Principal activities              Place of incorporation   Area of operations

 Subsidiaries (Continued)

 OOCL Logistics Pakistan (Pvt.)    100             1,300,000 ordinary shares     Logistics, cargo consolidation    Pakistan                 Pakistan
  Limited                                          PKR13,000,000                 and forwarding

 OOCL Logistics (Russia) Limited   100             1 ordinary share              Logistics, cargo consolidation    Russia                   Russia
                                                   RUB10,000                     and forwarding

 OOCL Logistics (Singapore) Pte.   100             2 ordinary shares             Logistics, cargo consolidation    Singapore                Singapore
  Limited                                          S$2                           and forwarding

 OOCL Logistics (USA) Inc.         100             100 common stock              Logistics, cargo consolidation,   USA                      USA
                                                   US$200                        forwarding and investment
                                                                                 holding

 OOCL Logistics Line Limited       100             2 ordinary shares             Transportation and freight        Hong Kong, China         Worldwide
                                                   HK$2                          forwarding

 OOCL Logistics Warehousing        100             Registered capital            Warehousing and logistics         China*                   China
  and Transportation (Shanghai)                    US$1,000,000                  services
  Co., Ltd.

 OOCL Logistics Warehousing        100             Registered capital            Warehousing, transportation       China*                   China
  and Transportation (Tianjin)                     US$4,700,000                  and logistics services
  Co., Ltd.

 OOCL Transport & Logistics        100             169,477,152 ordinary shares   Investment holding                Bermuda                  Worldwide
  Holdings Limited#                                US$169,477,152

 OOCL Warehousing (Shanghai)       100             Registered capital            Warehousing and depot             China*                   China
  Limited                                          US$10,000,000                 services

 OOIL (Investments) Inc.#          100             500 ordinary shares           Investment holding                Liberia†                 Worldwide
                                                   US$5,000

 Orient Overseas Associates        100             Limited partnership           Property owning                   USA                      USA

 Orient Overseas Building Corp.    100             10 common stock               Property owning                   USA                      USA
                                                   US$150,000

 Orient Overseas Container Line    100             Registered capital            Liner agency                      China*                   China
   (China) Co., Ltd.                               US$3,400,000

 Orient Overseas Container Line    100             66,000,000 ordinary shares    Investment holding                United Kingdom           United Kingdom
   (Europe) Limited                                £66,000,000

 Orient Overseas Container Line    100             500,000 ordinary shares       Liner agency                      Malaysia                 Malaysia
   (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd.                            RM500,000

 Orient Overseas Container Line    100             3,100 ordinary shares         Liner agency                      Spain                    Spain
   (Spain), S.L.U.                                 €3,100

 Orient Overseas Container Line    100             5,000 ordinary shares         Ship management and vessel        Cayman Islands           Worldwide
   (U.K.) Limited                                  US$5,000                      operator




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
184 Annual Report 2025
                                              Principal Subsidiaries, Associated Companies and Joint Ventures
                                                                                                                                  as at 31st December 2025




                                      Effective     Issued and fully paid up
                                      percentage    capital/registered capital/
Name of Company                       held by Group contributed cash capital        Principal activities             Place of incorporation   Area of operations

Subsidiaries (Continued)

Orient Overseas Container Line Inc.   100             500 ordinary shares           Investment holding               Liberia†                 Worldwide
                                                      US$25,000,000

Orient Overseas Container Line        100             10,000 ordinary shares        Container transport              Hong Kong, China         Worldwide
  Limited                                             HK$1,000,000

Shanghai IQAX Information             100             Registered capital            AI and blockchain digital data   China*                   China
  Technology Limited                                  RMB20,000,000                 on network applications and
                                                                                    platform design

The Speed Limited                     100             5,000 ordinary shares         Provision of financing to Group Marshall Islands          Worldwide
                                                      US$5,000

Union Faith (H.K.) Limited            100             1 ordinary share              Ship owning and chartering       Hong Kong, China         Worldwide
                                                      HK$1

Wall Street Plaza, Inc.               100             40 class A common stock        Investment holding              USA                      USA
                                      100             160 class B common stock
                                      100             20,000 series A non-cumulative
                                                      non-voting preferred stock
                                      100             18,000 series B non-cumulative
                                                      non-voting preferred stock
                                      100             19,500 series C non-cumulative
                                                      non-voting preferred stock
                                      100             19,000 series D non-cumulative
                                                      non-voting preferred stock
                                                      US$76,500,200

Associated companies

COSCO SHIPPING Ports (Tianjin)        20              10 ordinary shares            Investment holding               British Virgin Islands   Hong Kong, China
 Limited                                              US$10

Eshipping Global Supply Chain         42.35           Registered capital            Supply chain management          China§                   China
  Management (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.                     RMB40,000,000

Ningbo Yuan Dong Terminal Ltd.        20              Registered capital            Terminal operating               China§                   China
                                                      RMB2,500,000,000

Tianjin Port Container Terminal       9               Registered capital            Terminal operating               China§                   China
  Co., Ltd.                                           RMB2,408,312,700




                                                                                                             Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                                               Annual Report 2025 185
Principal Subsidiaries, Associated Companies and Joint Ventures
as at 31st December 2025




                                       Effective     Issued and fully paid up
                                       percentage    capital/registered capital/
    Name of Company                    held by Group contributed cash capital      Principal activities   Place of incorporation   Area of operations

    Joint ventures

    OOCL (U.A.E.) L.L.C.               49              300 ordinary shares         Liner agency           Dubai                    Dubai
                                                       AED300,000

    Qingdao Orient International       55              Registered capital          Container depot        China§                   China
      Container Storage &                              RMB69,900,000
      Transportation Co., Ltd.

    Sinovnl Company Limited            30              Legal capital               Container depot        Vietnam                  Vietnam
                                                       US$1,000,000

#
        Direct subsidiaries of the Company.
†       Companies incorporated in Liberia but redomiciled to the Marshall Islands.
*       Wholly foreign-owned enterprise.
§       Sino-foreign equity joint venture enterprise.
±       Domestic joint venture enterprise.




        Orient Overseas (International) Limited
186 Annual Report 2025
                                                  Fleet and Container Information

Fleet
The following table sets out the Group’s vessels as at 31st December 2025.


                                    TEU                              SERVICE IN       DATE PLACED
 VESSEL NAME                   CAPACITY        OWNERSHIP             WHICH USED       IN SERVICE  FLAG

 OOCL Abu Dhabi                     24,188     Owned                 N/A              2024           Hong Kong, China
 OOCL America                        5,344     Owned                 Intra-Asia       1995           Hong Kong, China
 OOCL Asia                           8,063     Owned                 N/A              2006           Hong Kong, China
 OOCL Atlanta                        8,063     Owned                 N/A              2005           Hong Kong, China
 OOCL Australia                      4,583     Owned                 Intra-Asia       2006           Hong Kong, China
 OOCL Bangkok                       13,208     Owned                 Trans-Pacific    2013           Hong Kong, China
 OOCL Bauhinia                      16,828     Owned                 Trans-Pacific    2024           Hong Kong, China
 OOCL Beijing                        8,888     Owned                 N/A              2011           Hong Kong, China
 OOCL Belgium                        2,992     Owned                 Intra-Asia       1998           Hong Kong, China
 OOCL Berlin                        13,208     Owned                 Trans-Pacific    2013           Hong Kong, China
 OOCL Brisbane                       4,578     Owned                 Asia-Australia   2009           Hong Kong, China
 OOCL Brussels                      13,208     Owned                 Trans-Pacific    2013           Hong Kong, China
 OOCL Busan                          4,578     Owned                 Asia-Australia   2008           Hong Kong, China
 OOCL California                     5,344     Owned                 Intra-Asia       1995           Hong Kong, China
 OOCL Canada                         8,888     Owned                 N/A              2011           Hong Kong, China
 OOCL Charleston                     4,578     Owned                 Intra-Asia       2010           Hong Kong, China
 OOCL Chicago                        5,714     Owned                 Asia-Australia   2000           Hong Kong, China
 OOCL Chongqing                     13,208     Owned                 Trans-Atlantic   2013           Hong Kong, China
 OOCL Daffodil                      16,828     Owned                 Trans-Pacific    2025           Hong Kong, China
 OOCL Dalian                         4,578     Owned                 Intra-Asia       2009           Hong Kong, China
 OOCL Denmark                       24,188     Owned                 N/A              2024           Hong Kong, China
 OOCL Europe                         8,063     Owned                 Trans-Atlantic   2006           Hong Kong, China
 OOCL Felixstowe                    24,188     Owned                 Asia-Europe      2023           Hong Kong, China
 OOCL Finland                       24,188     Owned                 N/A              2024           Hong Kong, China
 OOCL Gdynia                        24,188     Owned                 Asia-Europe      2023           Hong Kong, China
 OOCL Genoa                          8,888     Owned                 N/A              2015           Hong Kong, China
 OOCL Guangzhou                      4,578     Owned                 Trans-Atlantic   2010           Hong Kong, China
 OOCL Hamburg                        8,063     Owned                 Intra-Asia       2004           Hong Kong, China
 OOCL Ho Chi Minh City               8,888     Owned                 N/A              2015           Hong Kong, China
 OOCL Houston                        4,578     Owned                 Asia-Australia   2007           Hong Kong, China
 OOCL Iris                          16,828     Owned                 Trans-Pacific    2025           Hong Kong, China
 OOCL Italy                          5,888     Owned                 Asia-Australia   2007           Hong Kong, China
 OOCL Jakarta                        4,578     Owned                 Intra-Asia       2010           Hong Kong, China
 OOCL Kapok                         16,828     Owned                 Trans-Pacific    2025           Hong Kong, China
 OOCL Kobe                           4,578     Owned                 Intra-Europe     2007           Hong Kong, China
 OOCL Korea                         13,208     Owned                 N/A              2014           Hong Kong, China
 OOCL Kuala Lumpur                   5,888     Owned                 Asia-Australia   2007           Hong Kong, China
 OOCL Lavender                      16,828     Owned                 Trans-Pacific    2025           Hong Kong, China
 OOCL Le Havre                       4,578     Owned                 Intra-Asia       2010           Hong Kong, China
 OOCL Lilac                         16,828     Owned                 Trans-Pacific    2025           Hong Kong, China
 OOCL London                         8,063     Owned                 Trans-Pacific    2010           Hong Kong, China
 OOCL Luxembourg                     8,063     Owned                 Intra-Asia       2010           Hong Kong, China
 OOCL Magnolia                      16,828     Owned                 Trans-Pacific    2025           Hong Kong, China
 OOCL Malaysia                      13,208     Owned                 Asia-Europe      2013           Hong Kong, China
 OOCL Montreal                       4,402     Owned                 Trans-Atlantic   2003           Hong Kong, China
 OOCL Nagoya                         4,578     Owned                 Intra-Asia       2009           Hong Kong, China
 OOCL New York                       5,770     Owned                 Trans-Pacific    1999           Hong Kong, China
 OOCL New Zealand                    4,578     Owned                 Intra-Asia       2009           Hong Kong, China
 OOCL Norfolk                        4,578     Owned                 Intra-Asia       2009           Hong Kong, China



                                                                                      Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025 187
Fleet and Container Information




                                     TEU                        SERVICE IN       DATE PLACED
 VESSEL NAME                    CAPACITY      OWNERSHIP         WHICH USED       IN SERVICE  FLAG

 OOCL Oakland                        5,888    Owned             Trans-Pacific    2007       Hong Kong, China
 OOCL Panama                         4,578    Owned             Asia-Australia   2008       Hong Kong, China
 OOCL Piraeus                       24,188    Owned             Asia-Europe      2023       Hong Kong, China
 OOCL Poland                        13,208    Owned             Trans-Pacific    2013       Hong Kong, China
 OOCL Portugal                      24,188    Owned             N/A              2024       Hong Kong, China
 OOCL Rotterdam                      8,063    Owned             Trans-Pacific    2004       Hong Kong, China
 OOCL San Francisco                  5,714    Owned             Trans-Pacific    2000       Hong Kong, China
 OOCL Savannah                       4,578    Owned             Intra-Asia       2010       Hong Kong, China
 OOCL Scandinavia                   21,413    Owned             Asia-Europe      2017       Hong Kong, China
 OOCL Seoul                          8,063    Owned             N/A              2010       Hong Kong, China
 OOCL Shanghai                       5,770    Owned             Asia-Australia   1999       Hong Kong, China
 OOCL Singapore                     13,208    Owned             Trans-Pacific    2014       Hong Kong, China
 OOCL Southampton                    8,063    Owned             Trans-Pacific    2007       Hong Kong, China
 OOCL Spain                         24,188    Owned             Asia-Europe      2023       Hong Kong, China
 OOCL Sunflower                     16,828    Owned             Trans-Pacific    2025       Hong Kong, China
 OOCL Sweden                        24,188    Owned             N/A              2024       Hong Kong, China
 OOCL Taipei                         8,888    Owned             Intra-Asia       2015       Hong Kong, China
 OOCL Texas                          4,578    Owned             Asia-Australia   2008       Hong Kong, China
 OOCL Tokyo                          8,063    Owned             Trans-Pacific    2007       Hong Kong, China
 OOCL Tulip                         16,828    Owned             Trans-Pacific    2025       Hong Kong, China
 OOCL Turkiye                       24,188    Owned             Asia-Europe      2023       Hong Kong, China
 OOCL United Kingdom                21,413    Owned             Asia-Europe      2017       Hong Kong, China
 OOCL Utah                           8,888    Owned             N/A              2015       Hong Kong, China
 OOCL Valencia                      24,188    Owned             N/A              2024       Hong Kong, China
 OOCL Violet                        16,828    Owned             Trans-Pacific    2025       Hong Kong, China
 OOCL Washington                     8,063    Owned             N/A              2010       Hong Kong, China
 OOCL Yokohama                       4,578    Owned             Asia-Australia   2007       Hong Kong, China
 OOCL Zeebrugge                     24,188    Owned             Asia-Europe      2023       Hong Kong, China
 OOCL Zhoushan                       4,583    Owned             Intra-Asia       2006       Hong Kong, China
 Androusa                            4,256    Long Term lease   Intra-Asia       2010       Liberia
 Anina                               1,008    Long Term lease   Intra-Europe     2006       Portugal
 Baltrum                             1,930    Long Term lease   Intra-Asia       2023       Antigua and Barbuda
 Box Endeavour                       1,708    Long Term lease   Intra-Asia       2015       Liberia
 Bright Tsubaki                      2,888    Long Term lease   Intra-Asia       2024       Panama
 Buxmelody                           2,702    Long Term lease   Intra-Asia       2008       Liberia
 Cape Fortius                        2,210    Long Term lease   Intra-Asia       2017       Cyprus
 Cape Syros                          2,202    Long Term lease   Intra-Asia       2015       Cyprus
 Cebu                                1,930    Long Term lease   Intra-Asia       2023       Antigua and Barbuda
 Dolphin II                          5,095    Long Term lease   Trans-Pacific    2007       Panama
 GSL Maren                           2,546    Long Term lease   Intra-Asia       2014       Liberia
 Integra                             1,808    Long Term lease   Intra-Asia       2017       Marshall Islands
 Irenes Rainbow                      2,782    Long Term lease   Intra-Asia       2024       Cyprus
 Lady Jane                           5,047    Long Term lease   Intra-Asia       2005       Marshall Islands
 Manet                               2,288    Long Term lease   Intra-Asia       2001       Liberia
 Nordic Istria                       1,084    Long Term lease   Intra-Europe     2011       Portugal
 Norfolk                             4,563    Long Term lease   Asia-Australia   2009       Liberia
 OOCL Brazil                         8,476    Long Term lease   Asia-Australia   2010       Panama
 OOCL Bremerhaven                    5,920    Long Term lease   Trans-Atlantic   2024       Liberia
 OOCL Chennai                        5,920    Long Term lease   Trans-Pacific    2024       Liberia
 OOCL Durban                         8,476    Long Term lease   Asia-Australia   2011       Panama
 OOCL Egypt                         13,208    Long Term lease   Trans-Pacific    2013       Hong Kong, China
 OOCL France                        13,208    Long Term lease   N/A              2013       Hong Kong, China



    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
188 Annual Report 2025
                                                                          Fleet and Container Information




                               TEU                       SERVICE IN          DATE PLACED
VESSEL NAME               CAPACITY    OWNERSHIP          WHICH USED          IN SERVICE  FLAG

OOCL Germany                 21,413   Long Term lease    Asia-Europe         2017           Hong Kong, China
OOCL Hong Kong               21,413   Long Term lease    Asia-Europe         2017           Hong Kong, China
OOCL Indonesia               21,413   Long Term lease    Asia-Europe         2018           Hong Kong, China
OOCL Japan                   21,413   Long Term lease    Asia-Europe         2017           Hong Kong, China
OOCL Memphis                  8,888   Long Term lease    N/A                 2013           Hong Kong, China
OOCL Miami                    8,888   Long Term lease    N/A                 2013           Hong Kong, China
OOCL Seattle                  5,920   Long Term lease    Trans-Pacific       2024           Liberia
OOCL St. Lawrence             5,047   Long Term lease    Trans-Atlantic      2005           Marshall Islands
OOCL Veracruz                 5,920   Long Term lease    Trans-Atlantic      2024           Liberia
Pepi Star                     1,809   Long Term lease    Intra-Europe        2024           Liberia
Phen Basin                    4,253   Long Term lease    Intra-Asia          2007           Liberia
Pride C                       1,023   Long Term lease    Asia-Australia      2024           Liberia
Rena P                        4,253   Long Term lease    Trans-Pacific       2007           Marshall Islands
Rio Grande                    4,253   Long Term lease    Asia-Australia      2008           Malta
San Lorenzo                   1,708   Long Term lease    Intra-Asia          2014           Cyprus
Stratford                     8,533   Long Term lease    Intra-Asia          2006           Liberia
Seatrade Peru                 1,747   Long Term lease    Intra-Asia          2024           Liberia
Seattle C                     4,253   Long Term lease    Trans-Atlantic      2007           Cyprus
Singapore                     3,338   Long Term lease    Asia-Australia      2004           Liberia
SPIL Nirmala                  2,564   Long Term lease    Intra-Asia          2008           Panama
Stephania K                   1,809   Long Term lease    Intra-Asia          2024           Liberia
Tender Soul                   2,782   Long Term lease    Intra-Asia          2024           Marshall Islands
Vancouver                     4,253   Long Term lease    Intra-Asia          2007           Cyprus
Wan Hai 333                   2,988   Long Term lease    Intra-Asia          2023           Singapore
Wan Hai 335                   2,988   Long Term lease    Intra-Asia          2023           Singapore
Northern Majestic             6,976   Long Term lease    Intra-Asia          2003           Germany
Glen Canyon                   5,642   Long Term lease    Intra-Asia          2006           Liberia
Orca I                        5,308   Long Term lease    Intra-Asia          2006           Panama
Dear Panel                    2,782   Long Term lease    Intra-Asia          2025           Liberia
Symeon P                      2,782   Long Term lease    Intra-Asia          2025           Liberia
Protostar                     2,741   Long Term lease    Intra-Asia          2007           Antigua and Barbuda
ALS Venus                     2,546   Long Term lease    Intra-Asia          2014           Singapore
ALS Vesta                     2,546   Long Term lease    Intra-Asia          2014           Singapore
Moresby Chief                 2,404   Long Term lease    Intra-Asia          2020           Singapore
AS Anne                       2,194   Long Term lease    Intra-Asia          2016           Liberia
Monica                        1,809   Long Term lease    Intra-Asia          2024           Liberia
Inferro                       1,774   Long Term lease    Intra-Asia          2020           Marshall Islands
Dina Trader                     868   Long Term lease    Intra-Europe        2007           Gibraltar
COSCO Belgium                13,386   Short Term lease   Trans-Pacific       2013           Hong Kong, China
COSCO Denmark                13,386   Short Term lease   Asia-Europe         2014           Hong Kong, China
COSCO Excellence             13,133   Short Term lease   Asia-Europe         2012           Singapore
COSCO Hope                   13,133   Short Term lease   Trans-Atlantic      2012           Singapore
COSCO Italy                  13,386   Short Term lease   Trans-Pacific       2014           Hong Kong, China
COSCO Portugal               13,386   Short Term lease   Trans-Pacific       2014           Hong Kong, China
COSCO Shipping Alps          14,566   Short Term lease   Asia-Europe         2018           Hong Kong, China
COSCO Shipping Andes         14,566   Short Term lease   Asia-Europe         2018           Hong Kong, China
COSCO Shipping Aquarius      19,273   Short Term lease   Intra-Asia          2019           Hong Kong, China
COSCO Shipping Planet        21,237   Short Term lease   Intra-Asia          2019           Hong Kong, China
COSCO Shipping Rose          13,800   Short Term lease   Asia-Europe         2018           Hong Kong, China
COSCO Shipping Sakura        13,800   Short Term lease   Asia-Europe         2018           Hong Kong, China
CSCL Neptune                 14,074   Short Term lease   Asia-Europe         2012           Hong Kong, China
Future                        2,174   Short Term lease   Intra-Asia          1997           Panama



                                                                             Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                               Annual Report 2025 189
Fleet and Container Information




                                     TEU                         SERVICE IN        DATE PLACED
 VESSEL NAME                    CAPACITY      OWNERSHIP          WHICH USED        IN SERVICE  FLAG

 Mimmi Schulte                       2,345    Short Term lease   Intra-Europe      2017       Singapore
 Montpellier                         2,824    Short Term lease   Intra-Europe      2006       Liberia
 Teng Yun He                         1,702    Short Term lease   Intra-Asia        2000       China
 Xin Bei Lun                         4,250    Short Term lease   Intra-Asia        2005       China
 Xin Yan Tai                         5,688    Short Term lease   Intra-Asia        2005       China
 TOTAL 158 VESSELS               1,414,780

Container Information
The Group owned and leased 1,438,777 units (2,515,138 TEU) as of 31st December 2025.




    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
190 Annual Report 2025
                                                                                           10-Year Financial Summary


 US$’000                                                   2016          2017          2018         2019         2020          2021          2022          2023          2024          2025
 Consolidated Profit and Loss Data
 Revenue                                               5,297,693     5,981,676     6,572,655    6,878,740    8,191,304    16,832,185    19,820,188     8,343,857    10,701,943     9,722,494
 Operating profit/(loss)                               (138,227)      238,155       262,935      361,281      992,187      7,380,271    10,079,101     1,405,676     2,624,844     1,535,466
 Finance costs                                          (79,393)       (97,418)    (143,191)    (151,599)      (91,312)      (60,255)      (61,138)      (28,496)      (20,618)      (18,291)
 Profit/(loss) before taxation                         (199,667)      159,871       134,068      223,826      913,674      7,337,256    10,027,743     1,380,561     2,614,482     1,530,420
 Profit/(loss) for the year from
   continuing operations                               (219,221)      147,438        75,448      153,987      903,018      7,128,409     9,966,238     1,369,109     2,579,090     1,515,459
 Profit/(loss) for the year from
   discontinued operation                                      -        (9,782)      32,718     1,194,806            -             -             -             -             -             -
 Profit/(loss) for the year                            (219,221)      137,656       108,166     1,348,793     903,018      7,128,409     9,966,238     1,369,109     2,579,090     1,515,459
 Profit/(loss) attributable to equity
   holders of the Company                              (219,221)      137,656       108,166     1,348,793     902,723      7,128,127     9,965,245     1,367,852     2,577,446     1,513,483
 Per Ordinary Share
   Earnings/(loss) (US cents)
    from continuing operations                             (35.0)         23.6          12.1         24.6        144.3       1,108.5       1,509.0         207.0         390.0         229.0
    from discontinued operation                                -          (1.6)          5.2        190.9            -             -             -             -             -             -
   Dividends (US cents)                                        -          2.14          7.70      193.35       141.75        771.00       1,056.00       104.10        195.00        114.00
 Weighted average number of ordinary
   shares in issue (’000)                               625,793       625,793       625,793      625,793      625,793       643,051       660,373       660,373       660,373       660,373

 Consolidated Balance Sheet Data
 Property, plant and equipment                         6,076,673     6,251,457     5,880,057    3,162,424    3,744,666     4,047,629     4,696,239     5,607,991     6,710,820     8,500,668
 Right-of-use assets                                           -             -             -    2,830,674    2,303,265     2,801,858     2,509,695     1,861,705     1,732,776     1,552,906
 Cash and bank balances/Liquid assets                  2,186,946     2,534,463     2,246,803    2,858,824    3,323,013     7,197,101    11,213,902     6,722,188     7,903,473     6,243,182
 Assets held for sale                                          -             -      472,732             -            -       46,361              -             -             -             -
 Liabilities directly associated with assets
   classified as held for sale                                 -             -     (141,048)            -            -             -             -             -             -             -
 Other net current liabilities                         (738,046)     (671,309)     (596,779)    (979,118)   (1,221,034)   (2,161,795)   (3,075,991)   (1,420,797)   (1,684,655) (1,595,141)
 Total assets                                          9,404,590    10,069,296    10,053,860   11,201,865   10,644,553    15,846,977    20,035,161    15,609,185    17,768,383    17,669,049
 Long-term debt                                        3,489,272     3,930,025     3,695,834    3,342,224    2,489,488     2,028,596     1,367,909      919,370       811,607       711,064
 Total long and short-term debt                        4,090,737     4,554,183     4,197,756    3,991,089    3,069,843     2,690,640     2,080,120     1,438,238     1,373,223     1,279,448
 Net (cash)/debt                                       1,903,791     2,019,720     1,950,953    1,132,265    (253,170)    (4,506,461)   (9,133,782)   (5,283,950)   (6,530,250) (4,963,734)
 Ordinary shareholders’ equity                         4,519,286     4,682,513     4,735,130    4,927,407    5,642,114     9,669,657    13,435,998    11,207,096    13,245,550    13,408,568

 Other Financial Information
 Depreciation                                           400,351       428,482       385,622      409,255      430,689       553,967       854,137       843,185       896,708       990,888
 Capital expenditure                                    478,637       618,690       412,901      387,192      501,926      1,382,599     1,311,191     1,156,096     1,911,671     2,632,296

 Consolidated Financial Ratios/Percentages
 Debt to equity ratio                                       0.91          0.97          0.89         0.81         0.54          0.28          0.15          0.13          0.10          0.10
 Net (cash)/debt to equity ratio                            0.42          0.43          0.41         0.23        (0.04)        (0.47)        (0.68)        (0.47)        (0.49)        (0.37)
 Return on average ordinary shareholders’ equity (%)        (4.7)          3.0           2.3         27.9         17.1          93.1          86.3          11.1          21.1          11.4
 Creditors and accruals as a % of revenue                   13.1          12.4          12.8         15.6         16.9          14.7          16.6          21.0          18.0          18.5
 Debtors and prepayments as a % of revenue                   9.0           9.9           9.7          9.7          8.3           5.8           4.4           8.9           6.9           7.0
 Net asset value attributable to equity holders of
   the Company per ordinary share (US$)                     7.22          7.48          7.57         7.87         9.02         14.64         20.35         16.97         20.06         20.30

Notes:
(1) The results of discontinued operation prior to 2017 have not been restated or reclassified.
(2) The accounting policy on HKFRS 16 “Leases” was changed in 2019 and in accordance with the transitional provision in HKFRS 16, comparative
      figures have not been restated.
(3) From year 2022, restricted bank balances, portfolio investments at fair value through profit or loss and investments at amortised cost are no longer
      included in the Group’s liquidity and financial leverage analysis, related comparative figures prior to 2021 have not been restated.




                                                                                                                                Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025 191
Corporate Information

EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                           PRINCIPAL REGISTRAR                       SOLICITORS
  Mr. Wan Min (Chairman)                       Appleby Global Corporate Services         Conyers Dill & Pearman
  Mr. Zhang Feng                               (Bermuda) Limited                           Clarendon House
   (Chief Executive Officer)                     Canon’s Court, 22 Victoria Street         2 Church Street
  Mr. Tao Weidong                                PO Box HM 1179                            Hamilton HM 11
                                                 Hamilton HM EX                            Bermuda
NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                          Bermuda
  Mr. Tung Lieh Cheung Andrew                                                              and
  Mr. Yu Fulin                                BRANCH REGISTRAR
  Ms. Wang Dan                                 Computershare Hong Kong Investor            29th Floor, One Exchange Square
  Mr. Ip Sing Chi                              Services Limited                            8 Connaught Place, Central
                                                 Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor               Hong Kong, China
INDEPENDENT                                      Hopewell Centre
NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                          183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai          Slaughter and May
  Mr. Chow Philip Yiu Wah                        Hong Kong, China                           47th Floor, Jardine House
    (Lead Independent                                                                       1 Connaught Place, Central
    Non-Executive Director)                   LISTING EXCHANGE                              Hong Kong, China
  Dr. Chung Shui Ming Timpson                  The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
  Mr. Yang Liang Yee Philip                    Limited                                  AUDITOR
  Ms. Chen Ying                                Stock Code: 316                           SHINEWING (HK) CPA Limited
  Mr. Chen Hong                                                                          Certified Public Accountants
                                              WEBSITE                                    Registered Public Interest Entity
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER                        https://www.ooilgroup.com                 Auditor
  Mr. Pan Zhigang                                                                          17/F, Chubb Tower
                                              MAJOR BANKERS                                Windsor House
COMPANY SECRETARY                              Australia and New Zealand Banking           311 Gloucester Road, Causeway Bay
  Mr. Xiao Junguang                              Group Limited                             Hong Kong, China
                                               Bank of America, National Association
AUTHORISED                                     Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited
REPRESENTATIVES                                Bank of Communications Co., Ltd.
  Mr. Tao Weidong                              BNP Paribas
  Mr. Xiao Junguang                            China Citic Bank International Limited
                                               China Construction Bank Corporation
PRINCIPAL OFFICE                               Citibank, N.A.
  31st Floor, Harbour Centre                   Crédit Agricole Corporate and
  25 Harbour Road, Wanchai                       Investment Bank
  Hong Kong, China                             HSBC Holdings plc
                                               Industrial and Commercial Bank of
REGISTERED OFFICE                                China (Asia) Limited
  Clarendon House                              ING Bank N.V.
  2 Church Street                              JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.
  Hamilton HM 11                               Nanyang Commercial Bank, Limited
  Bermuda                                      Shanghai Pudong Development
                                                 Bank Co., Ltd.
                                               Standard Chartered Bank
                                                 (Hong Kong) Limited




    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
192 Annual Report 2025
