                        Orient Overseas (International) Limited 東方海外（國際）有限公司
東 方 海 外（ 國 際 ）有 限 公 司
  （於百慕達註冊成立之成員有限責任公司）                                                          (Incorporated in Bermuda with members’ limited liability)
       股份代號：0316.HK                                                                              Stock code: 0316.HK



     2025 中期報告                                                                  INTERIM REPORT 2025




                          INTERIM REPORT 2025 中期 報 告
Contents
  2    Chairman’s Statement
  4    Management Discussion and Analysis
  9    Other Information
  15   Index – Interim Financial Information
  16   Report on Review of Interim Financial Information
       Interim Financial Information
  17   – Condensed Consolidated Profit and Loss Account
  18   – Condensed Consolidated Statement
           of Comprehensive Income
  19   – Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet
  21   – Condensed Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
  22   – Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
  23   – Notes to the Interim Financial Information




                  Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2025   1
Chairman’s Statement
In this highly volatile market, despite facing extremely difficult operational challenges, Orient Overseas (International) Limited
(“OOIL”) and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) still achieved remarkable results for the first half of 2025. I am pleased to report that, the
Group achieved a profit attributable to shareholders of US$954 million for the six-month period ended 30th June 2025 (2024: US$833
million), a Group EBITDA of US$1,466 million (2024: US$1,277 million) and an EBITDA margin of 30.1% (2024: 27.5%). The profit
per ordinary share for the first half of 2025 was US$1.44 (2024: US$1.26).

In the first half of 2025, the Group achieved further operational excellence. Compared to the past interim results, liftings were almost
at their highest point ever, and revenue was the highest outside of the pandemic period. The financial position continued to be robust,
with the liabilities-to-assets ratio remaining at low levels.

The Board of Directors is pleased to announce an interim dividend of US$0.72 per ordinary share (2024: US$0.63 per ordinary share).

Geopolitical uncertainties still significantly influence the shipping market. If the situation in the Red Sea was a defining factor which
contributed to the strong performance of the container shipping market in 2024, then the ongoing changes in tariff policies and trade
disputes have undoubtedly played a decisive role in shaping market trends in the first half of 2025.

Both the International Monetary Fund (“IMF”) and the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development have lowered
their forecasts for global economic growth in 2025 in the first half of this year, to 2.8% and 2.9% respectively. Then, at the end of July
IMF raised its global growth forecast for 2025 to 3%, but the figure is still below the level it predicted at the beginning of the year and
the one in 2023 and 2024. Frequent shifts in tariff policies have disrupted long-term planning, raised concerns among customers, and
eroded both business and consumer confidence. This is especially evident on Trans-Pacific services, where freight rates have generally
declined compared to the beginning of the year. While the 90-day tariff suspension between China and the U.S. led to a rapid recovery
in freight rates from early-May lows, the rebound proved temporarily, with rates subsequently falling once more. Rapid capacity influx
and the arrival of new competitors have significantly expanded overall capacity, while ongoing policy uncertainties have fuelled market
concerns. As a result, many customers seem to have started to shift away from their precautious strategy of front-loading earlier this
year to a more cautious, wait-and-see approach at present.

Despite the overall challenges facing the market, liftings in other trades have held up relatively well during this round of tariff changes.
This resilience may be attributed to supply chain restructuring, varying economic conditions across regions, seasonalities, or port
congestion. Additionally, the full impact of factors affecting Trans-Pacific routes may not yet have materialised. Regardless of the cause,
the varied performance across different markets enables carriers to seize opportunities.

As a global carrier, we are committed to achieving balanced growth across regions. In response to trade pattern shift, we continue to
prioritise a Customer Focus approach by swiftly adapting our route network. While reinforcing our east-west services, we are also
accelerating investments in Southeast Asia, South Asia, the Middle East, and other emerging markets.

We continue to strengthen our synergy with COSCO SHIPPING Lines in areas such as cost optimisation and risk diversification. This
not only helps OOCL enhance its operational efficiency and market competitiveness, but also supports its global network deployment.

OOCL continues to grow its fleet in an orderly and rational manner, while optimising fleet composition. In the first half of 2025, we
took delivery of five 16,828 TEU container vessels, marking an upgrade of our fleet on Trans-Pacific routes. We also placed an order
for fourteen 18,500 TEU class methanol dual-fuel container vessels, once again demonstrating our Group’s commitment to building a
green fleet and supporting global energy conservation and emissions reduction.

OOCL is committed to furthering the development of an end-to-end intelligent and digitalised supply chain. By offering customised
solutions for international orders, origin management, warehousing, and distribution services, we effectively enhance the supply
chain. We further integrate AI into our network planning, internal processes, and container and vessel management, enhancing
both management efficiency and capabilities. Together with GSBN, we are promoting a digital ecosystem that brings together ports,
terminals, logistics providers, and other stakeholders across the supply chain to build a digitalised supply chain environment.




2           Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2025
                                                                                                           Chairman’s Statement


Green vessels, green IT and digitalisation, green supply chains, and green communities – together with the ongoing development
of green fuel and green product – form OOCL’s Sustainability 6G Plan. This initiative positions the Group to address global
environmental and social challenges while creating long-term value for stakeholders.

On behalf of the management team, I extend our heartfelt thanks to all staff – both onshore and offshore – for your dedication and hard
work. Your exceptional professionalism and “We Take It Personally” commitment have once again delivered outstanding service to our
customers and strengthened the Group’s reputation.

At the time of writing this report, our vessels sailing on major long-haul routes are nearly fully loaded, and this is expected to continue
in the coming weeks.

The trends in the first half of the year remind us that the shipping industry is highly dynamic and anything is possible. Ongoing policy
uncertainties, developments in the Red Sea, continued delivery of new vessels, changes in the global economy, and gradually tightening
of environmental regulations could all have profound impacts on overall market development. The additional port charges levied by the
U.S. on Chinese carriers will have a relatively large impact on the Group. On the other hand, as global trade patterns shift to becoming
more regional, market divergence may occur, or there may be delayed or deferred responses due to extended or restructured supply
chains, all of which may be potentially creating opportunities for shipping companies to refine their strategies in segmented markets.

The Group will continue to uphold an innovative and adaptive business strategy to effectively respond to market changes, actively seize
development opportunities, and maintain its industry-leading position. Through effective cost control, efficient and large-scale vessel
operations, and intelligent and diversified network construction, we are steadily promoting our end-to-end business. At the same time,
the Group continues to work with partners to promote green shipping, offer high-quality services to customers, create sustainable value
for shareholders, and to greenly and intelligently bridge world trade.




Wan Min
Chairman

Hong Kong, China, 21st August 2025




                                                                 Orient Overseas (International) Limited    Interim Report 2025          3
Management Discussion and Analysis

RESULTS
For the first six months of 2025, Orient Overseas (International) Limited and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) recorded a profit
attributable to equity holders of US$954 million compared to US$833 million for the corresponding period of 2024.

                                                  INTERIM RESULTS ANALYSIS

    US$’000                                                                                                         2025                2024
    Profit/(Loss) Before Taxation by Activity:
      Container Transport and Logistics                                                                         964,869              868,115
      Other Activities                                                                                            8,171              (37,585)

    Profit Before Taxation                                                                                      973,040              830,530
    Taxation                                                                                                    (17,905)               3,525

    Profit for the Period Ended 30th June                                                                       955,135              834,055
    Non-Controlling Interests                                                                                      (906)                (778)

    Profit Attributable to Equity Holders                                                                       954,229              833,277

Results of the Group’s operations arise from its business of container transportation and logistics conducted through the “OOCL”
brand, augmented by earnings from the Group’s liquidity management and investment activities at holding company level.

CONTAINER TRANSPORT
OOCL’s total liftings for the first half of 2025 increased by 7% and total liner revenues increased by 4% year on year. Despite being only
a single digit improvement, the year-on-year performance is the best post-pandemic period in terms of both liftings and liner revenue.

The container shipping market in the first half of 2025 was full of ups and downs. Geopolitical uncertainties and frequent adjustments
to tariff policies remained the primary influence on the market. At the beginning of the year, labour strike concerns on the U.S. East
Coast had been alleviated, and signs of de-escalation emerged for the situation in the Red Sea. However, new policies of the U.S.
administration brought uncertainty to the market. Combined with the seasonal peak before the Chinese New Year, freight rates rose
rapidly, reaching to the highs of this first half of the year. After that, as a result of the frequent tariff changes, freight rates plummeted,
forcing many shipping companies to restructure their services. With the 90-day tariff truce between China and the U.S., Trans-Pacific
freight rates rebounded quickly from early May lows. Shipping companies responded actively, and new competitors continuously
entered the market. Timely adjustments to capacity helped meet customer demands for schedule integrity, but deploying relatively
excessive capacity caused freight rates to peak again in early June before falling again. During this recent period, concerns over
resuming travel through the Red Sea have occasionally resurfaced, coupled with further shifts in the supply chain, capacity adjustments,
seasonal factors, and port congestion, other routes have not mirrored the changes seen in the Trans-Pacific route. Overall, by the end of
June 2025, freight rates on most routes were generally lower than those in the same period of 2024.

Trans-Pacific Trade
During the first half of 2025, the interplay between supply and demand was constantly shifting. As we began the year, strong demand
carried over up until Lunar New Year over fears of tariff hikes that were to be introduced under the new U.S. administration. As tariffs
did pick up significantly in April, U.S. demand on Chinese imports fell considerably but only for a short period of time where it was
followed by a quick rebound upon a 90-day truce in tariffs between the U.S. and China. Freight rate changed accordingly, peaked at the
earlier of June and then fell again.

From the supply side, carriers were constantly reacting to changes in market demand and adjusting capacity. When tariffs peaked in
April, carriers were in the process of pulling capacity from Trans-Pacific services. However, this moment was very brief following the
90-day truce, so carriers had to put capacity back into the Trans-Pacific, the expected higher freight rate also attracted new competitors
entering this market, which in turn contributes to the rapid and massive increase in capacity injection.

Total Trans-Pacific liftings in the first half of 2025 increased by 9% when compared to the same period in 2024, due to the strong
growth in first quarter while revenue fell by 0.5% resulting from revenue per TEU being 8% lower this period. Specifically on the
Trans-Pacific headhaul, impacts of competition amongst carriers for market share as well as effects of trade tariffs saw liftings increase
by 8%, revenue per TEU fall by 12% and revenue decrease by 5%.

4             Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2025
                                                                             Management Discussion and Analysis


Asia/Europe Trade
Despite the disruption in the Red Sea causing most Asia/Europe trade services to continue detouring via the Cape of Good Hope,
westbound freight rates across all trade lanes declined during January to May 2025. This was primarily due to the extra capacity from
newbuilds entering the market which outpaced the demand growth in headhaul/westbound, while intensified competition resulting
from tariffs escalation since April also made a contribution. However, following the temporary de-escalation of the U.S. and China
tariffs in mid-May, carriers quickly shifted vessel capacity to the Trans-Pacific trade, leading to a drop of capacity in June for the
Asia/Europe trade. Meanwhile, significant port congestion in major European ports, particularly in the Mediterranean, posed key
vessel delays and other disruptions. All these provided some support for the spot rate and freight rates picking up.

Asia/Europe trade’s total lifting reduced by 1%, mainly because the LL3 service, which had been suspended in 2024 due to the Red Sea
issue, only resumed in April 2025. Total revenue and revenue per TEU both fell by 6%.


Trans-Atlantic Trade
Total lifting for the first half of 2025 increased 14% compared to the same period last year, of which the westbound headhaul lifting
increased 11%. The improvement was aided by increased market demand for U.S. and Canadian scope to/from Europe in the first half
of 2025. Primarily because of increased liftings, total revenue increased 18% year-on-year, of which westbound total revenue increased
15% and westbound revenue per TEU increased 4%.


Intra-Asia/Australasia Trade
The effects of the U.S. trade tariffs impacted our Intra-Asia/Australasia services as trading became more regional. Our overall
liftings grew by 8% on Intra-Asia (including Australasia) trades for the first half of 2025 when compared to the same period last year
primarily due to new routes, and re-deployment of larger vessels from Trans-Pacific services during the second quarter. Total revenue
increased by 16%, while revenue per TEU rose by 8%. This revenue growth can be attributed primarily to a lower base effect in 2024
for Intra-Asia, as rates had been declining since 2023 and into the second quarter of 2024. Additionally, stronger contract rates in the
Australasia trade contributed to the improvement.


Bunker Cost
In the first half of 2025, average bunker price of OOCL was approximately US$541 per ton, an 8% decrease compared to US$589
per ton in the same period of 2024. This decline contributed to a reduction in total bunker cost. However, fuel oil and diesel oil
consumption rose by 2% in the first half of 2025 compared to the corresponding period in 2024 which was largely due to expansion of
fleet operating capacity.

Bunker price volatility during the period was shaped by global economic uncertainty and continued supply chain disruptions. Uneven
post-pandemic industrial recovery influenced global energy demand, contributing to fluctuations in fuel prices.


LOGISTICS
For the first half of 2025, OOCL Logistics demonstrated resilient performance across its operations, navigating a complex global
landscape while laying foundations for future growth.

The overall supply chain environment during the period continued to be shaped by evolving market dynamics, including certain
ongoing geopolitical considerations and adjustments within global trade patterns. Despite these broader market conditions, OOCL
Logistics maintained a steady performance. Our international business continued to show positive momentum, benefiting from
sustained demand for integrated logistics solutions and our ongoing efforts to enhance service offerings.

While the competitive environment in freight forwarding and domestic logistics segments remained active, our business units
successfully preserved stability and continued to focus on delivering reliable services to our customers. We remain committed to
supporting our customers’ needs for diversified sourcing options and robust supply chain resilience.




                                                               Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2025          5
Management Discussion and Analysis


Strategic progress was driven by key focus areas embedded within our operations. Significant advancements in digitalisation and
service enhancement continued, with the development and deployment of advanced digital solutions strengthening our technology
platforms. This focus delivers greater visibility, efficiency, and an improved customer experience throughout the value-chain journey.
We further leveraged partnerships with strategic service providers to solidify our end-to-end service capabilities, extending beyond
core transportation to offer next-generation logistics solutions. Concurrently, strategic groundwork progressed for targeted growth
in key emerging markets. Investments focused on understanding and developing opportunities in regions with significant potential,
including West Asia and Latin America, actively building the foundations to serve evolving customer requirements effectively in these
areas.

Looking ahead to the second half of 2025, OOCL Logistics remains dedicated to operational excellence and strategic advancement.
We are confident in our ability to adapt to the global environment and continue providing innovative, resilient logistics solutions that
enhance our customers’ competitive positions, underpinned by our focus on digital leadership and thoughtful market development.


VESSELS
In the first half of 2025, the Group took delivery of the second to sixth 16,828 TEU new-build vessels from Nantong COSCO KHI Ship
Engineering Co., Ltd. (NACKS) and Dalian COSCO KHI Ship Engineering Co., Ltd. (DACKS) respectively. Three vessels delivered
from NACKS are named OOCL Iris , OOCL Violet and OOCL Magnolia ; and two vessels delivered from DACKS are named OOCL
Sunflower and OOCL Daffodil . The remaining four new-built vessels of the same series will be delivered in the third to fourth quarter
of 2025.

For the seven 24,000 TEU class methanol compatible container vessels we ordered from NACKS in the year 2022, they will be delivered
from 2026 third quarter to 2028 first quarter.

During the first half of 2025, the Group placed orders for fourteen 18,500 TEU class methanol dual fuel new-buildings from NACKS
and DACKS, of which five new-buildings were from NACKS and nine new-buildings were from DACKS. Delivery of the fourteen new
buildings is scheduled to commence in the third quarter of 2028 and conclude in the third quarter of 2029.


OTHER ACTIVITIES
The other activities of the Group consist of property investments and other investment activities. The latter includes a centralised
treasury department that manages the Group’s liquidity and investments. The Group’s property investments represent its long-standing
ownership of Wall Street Plaza. Based on an independent valuation as at 30th June 2025, the assessed market value of Wall Street Plaza
remained at US$200.0 million.

The investment in Wall Street Plaza is historical in nature and the Group currently has no intention of further investment in property
other than as may arise in relation to the operation of our container transport and logistics business.


LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL RESOURCES
As at 30th June 2025, the Group had cash and bank balances amounting to US$7.0 billion and total debt of US$1.4 billion. Net cash
(representing cash and bank balances deducted by total debt) as at 30th June 2025 was therefore US$5.6 billion, compared to a net cash
of US$6.5 billion in 2024 year-end. The Group had a net cash to equity ratio of 0.42 : 1 as at 30th June 2025, compared with 0.49 : 1 as
at the end of 2024.

The debt of the Group comprises lease liabilities which are mainly denominated in US dollar. The Group’s debts are monitored to
ensure a smooth repayment schedule to maturity. The profile of the Group’s lease liabilities is set out in Note 17 to the Interim Financial
Information.

The cash and bank balances of the Group are predominantly cash deposits placed with a variety of banks and with tenors ranging from
overnight to up to 1 year. We review the list of approved banks and the exposure limits of each bank on a regular basis.

Given the inherently volatile nature of shipping industry earnings and the fluctuations of its asset values, the Group maintains a portion
of its liquid assets in a portfolio of longer tenor investments. The Group’s investment portfolio of US$63.5 million as at 30th June 2025
is predominantly comprised of investment grade bonds.




6           Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2025
                                                                             Management Discussion and Analysis


CURRENCY EXPOSURE AND RELATED HEDGES
The Group operates internationally and is exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from various currency exposures, primarily with
respect to fluctuation in the exchange rates of foreign currencies to the US dollar. Income and expenses from container transport and
logistics activities are mainly denominated in US dollar and in various currencies, mainly including Australian dollar, Canadian dollar,
Euro, Japanese yen and Renminbi.


EMPLOYEE INFORMATION
As at 30th June 2025, the Group had 11,656 full-time employees. Salary and benefit levels are maintained at competitive levels
and employees are rewarded on a performance-related basis within the general policy and framework of the Group’s salary and
discretionary bonus schemes. These schemes, based on the performance of the Group and individual employees, are regularly
reviewed. Other benefits are also provided including medical insurance and retirement funds. In support of the continuous
development of individual employees, training and development programmes are offered for different levels of employees. Social and
recreational activities are arranged for our employees around the world.


SAFETY, SECURITY AND ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION
The Group consistently maintains the highest safety and security standards as they remain a top priority in our business operations for
our people, cargo, ships and facilities, both onshore and at sea.

The Group’s Corporate Security Policy guides the prevention and suppression of security threats against international supply chain
operations. The Group is not only committed to complying with rules and regulations such as the International Ship and Port Facility
Security (ISPS) Code, but also to doing much more by embracing many other industry’s best practices and voluntary initiatives. The
Group actively collaborates with various governments and relevant authorities around the world as part of our efforts against activities
that might impinge upon maritime or cargo security. For example, the Group participates in various national security programmes
including the Customs-Trade Partnership Against Terrorism (C-TPAT) and the Authorised Economic Operator (AEO) initiatives.

In addition, the Group’s Global Data Centre maintains ISO 27001 certification in order to provide our customers and partners with
quality and secure information that is in accordance with international standards on information security management.

To ensure everyone takes part in protecting our assets and becomes more resilient against cyber-attacks, the Group has developed
programmes and initiatives such as annual cyber security training and mandatory tests for all employees, sophisticated monitoring and
protective systems, regular knowledge and trend updates, as well as conducting user awareness exercises focusing on various aspects of
this subject.

OOCL signed the Gulf of Guinea Declaration on Suppression of Piracy, demanding that no seafarer should face the grave risks of
kidnapping and violence when working in the Gulf of Guinea. The Group recognises the important steps taken and positive initiatives
underway by coastal States in the region. We urge stakeholders to sign this pledge and join together in a coalition to end the threat of
piracy in the Gulf of Guinea.

The Group also recognises that businesses must take responsibility for their industry’s effects on the environment. In our commitment
to further build on our Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) profile, the Group continues to engage in the United Nations’
Sustainable Development Goals (SDG) across our business strategies, operation, and corporate culture. The Group refers to the Ten
Principles of the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC) that sets out fundamental responsibilities in areas such as human rights,
labour, environment and anticorruption to tackle global environmental and social challenges. OOCL is also a member of the Maritime
Anti-Corruption Network (MACN), which aims to work within the industry to eliminate all forms of maritime corruption and foster
fair trade practices through collective initiatives.




                                                               Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2025          7
Management Discussion and Analysis


OOCL is dedicated to environmental protection and committed to data integrity standards. Each year, OOCL ensures that such
standards are consistent and upheld by certifying our environmental data through independent business assurance service providers.
Accredited by LRQA, OOCL has achieved excellent reporting standards through the use of the Clean Cargo verification tool. The
Group’s Sustainability Report is published on an annual basis and it covers the significant environmental, economic and social aspects
of the business arising from the principal activities of OOIL and its subsidiaries. To continue with our commitment in aligning with
international sustainability guidelines and principles, the report is prepared with reference to the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI)
Sustainability Reporting Standards and based on the reporting principles of materiality, quantitative, consistency and balance, which
have been set out in the Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Reporting Guide on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited,
Appendix C2 of Main Board Listing Rules. The report also refers to the Recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related
Financial Disclosures (TCFD) to disclose how the Group manages climate-related risks and opportunities. Besides, The Stock Exchange
of Hong Kong has published conclusions to its consultation on the enhancement of climate-related disclosures to further align the
existing reporting standard with the International Sustainability Standards Board (ISSB) Adoption Guide. We are fully aware of the new
climate-related disclosure requirements and are well-prepared for compliance needs in the 2025 Sustainability Report.

Our report has been assured by the independent business assurance service provider, LRQA with respect to the extent of its coverage
and information provided with reference to our adopted reporting standards. In doing so, this demonstrates our commitment to high
standards in governance, credibility and transparency.

We are very pleased to have been recognised for our consistent and sustained efforts in environmental protection initiatives, safety
management and community engagement. In recognition of our achievements, OOCL continues to achieve one of the best records
for the Green Flag Program, achieving full voluntary compliance in vessel speed reduction for our vessels. This initiative, organised
by the Port of Long Beach and Port of Los Angeles in the United States, encourages vessels to reduce their speed within specific zones
near the port, cutting air pollution such as smog-forming nitrogen oxides and greenhouse gases. Through our memberships with
environment-focused organisations such as the Clean Cargo and Global Logistics Emissions Council under Smart Freight Centre, the
World Shipping Council, and the Business Environment Council, we are committed to doing our part in addressing climate change and
environmental protection issues in countries and regions in which we operate.

OOIL was selected by Dow Jones Sustainability Indices (DJSI) to become a constituent of Dow Jones Sustainability Asia/Pacific Index
(DJSI Asia/Pacific). The stock of OOIL has also been included in the FTSE4Good Index Series and five sustainability-related Hang
Seng Indexes (HSI), namely Hang Seng Corporate Sustainability Index (HSSUS), Hang Seng ESG 50 Index, HSI ESG Enhanced
Index, HSI ESG Enhanced Select Index and Hang Seng Climate Change 1.5oC Target Index. OOCL also becomes one of the A-rated
companies in CDP’s Supplier Engagement Assessment (SEA), which evaluates corporate supply chain engagement on climate issues.
Our achievements in these globally-recognised sustainability indices and assessments are strong evidence of the Group’s commitment
to ESG and sustainability.

As part of our sustainability efforts in environmental and wildlife protection, OOCL participated in the Protecting Blue Whales and
Blue Skies Program – a Vessel Speed Reduction (VSR) programme that aims to reduce air pollution, fatal ship strikes on whales, and
underwater noise, in the San Francisco Bay and Southern California regions, which are also areas included in the World Shipping
Council Whale Chart. OOCL also participated in the Enhancing Cetacean Habitat and Observation (ECHO) Program to study how to
reduce the cumulative effects of shipping on at-risk whales throughout the southern coast of British Columbia in Canada. By creating
seasonal and predictable slow speed zones, the programmes help protect endangered whales, reduce fuel use and regional greenhouse
gas emissions, and improve air quality and human health outcomes.

To maintain the business process and ensure business integrity during periods when the Group’s system applications or offices cannot
be accessed due to exceptional events such as natural disasters, Business Continuity Plans (BCP) are in place for all regions in which we
operate. Each local BCP is customised according to the possible natural disasters or severe incidents that might happen in the area. All
local BCPs are reviewed periodically and updated upon external changes that could create a huge impact on our office.




8           Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2025
                                                                                         Other Information

INTERIM DIVIDEND
The Board of Directors of the Company (the “Board”) is pleased to announce an interim dividend of US$0.72 per ordinary share for the
six months ended 30th June 2025 to be paid on 15th October 2025 to the shareholders whose names appear on the register of members
of the Company on 12th September 2025. The interim dividend will be payable in cash in US dollar or Hong Kong dollar (HK$5.616
converted according to the exchange rate of US$1 to HK$7.8) or Renminbi (RMB5.138 converted according to the exchange rate of
US$1 to RMB7.1355, being the average of middle exchange rate between US dollar and Renminbi as announced by the People’s Bank
of China for the 5 business days before and excluding the date of Board meeting for, among other matters, considering the payment of
the interim dividend). Shareholders, who wish to change their currency election for the interim dividend, should complete the dividend
election form (the currency elected shall apply to all (but not part) of the dividend) and return it to the Company’s Hong Kong branch
share registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited (the “Branch Share Registrar”), at 17M Floor, Hopewell Centre,
183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong, not later than 4:30 p.m. on 30th September 2025.


CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS
The record date for determining the shareholders entitled to the interim dividend will be 12th September 2025. The register of
members of the Company will be closed from 8th September 2025 to 12th September 2025, both days inclusive, during which period
no transfer of shares will be registered. To qualify for the interim dividend, all share transfer documents must be accompanied with the
relevant share certificates and lodged with the Branch Share Registrar at Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s
Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong for registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on 5th September 2025.


DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS
As at 30th June 2025, the issued share capital of the Company consisted of 660,373,297 ordinary shares (the “Shares”). The interests
and short positions of the Directors and the Chief Executive of the Company in the shares, the underlying shares and the debentures
of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (“SFO”))
as at 30th June 2025, as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 352 of the SFO or otherwise
notified to the Company and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) pursuant to the Model Code for
Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) contained in Appendix C3 to the Rules Governing the Listing
of Securities on the Stock Exchange (the “Listing Rules”), were as follows:

(a) Interests and short positions in the Shares, the underlying Shares and the debentures of the Company:

     Nil.




                                                               Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2025          9
Other Information


(b) Interests and short positions in the shares of the associated corporations of the Company:

                                                                                                                                          Approximate
                                                                                                                                          percentage of
                                                                                                                                             total issued
                                                                                                Number of                                  share capital
                                                                                                  ordinary                                    of relevant
                                                                                             shares held as              Number          class of shares
       Name of associated                    Name of                                              personal              of shares         of associated
       corporation                           Director                 Capacity                     interest            interested           corporation

       COSCO SHIPPING                        WAN Min                  Beneficial owner              200,000              200,000               0.00566%
        Development Co., Ltd.                                                                     (H shares)           (H shares)               (Note 1)

                                                                      Interest of spouse                    –              90,000              0.00092%
                                                                                                                       (A shares)               (Note 1)

       COSCO SHIPPING                        WAN Min                  Beneficial owner               363,366              363,366              0.00937%
        Ports Limited                                                                                                                           (Note 2)

     Notes:

     (1)      The shareholding percentage was calculated on the basis of 3,528,899,000 H shares and 9,780,708,112 A shares of COSCO SHIPPING Development
              Co., Ltd. in issue as at 30th June 2025 (as the case may be).

     (2)      The shareholding percentage was calculated on the basis of 3,874,248,000 shares of COSCO SHIPPING Ports Limited in issue as at 30th June 2025.

(c) Interests and short positions in the underlying shares and the debentures of the associated corporation of the Company:

     Nil.

Save as disclosed above, as at 30th June 2025, none of the Directors or the Chief Executive of the Company had any interest or short
position in the shares, the underlying shares and the debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the
meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which were required to be (a) notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions
7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they are taken or deemed to have under such provisions
of the SFO); or (b) entered in the register kept by the Company pursuant to section 352 of the SFO; or (c) notified to the Company and
the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.




10             Orient Overseas (International) Limited       Interim Report 2025
                                                                                                                              Other Information


SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS
As at 30th June 2025, the following persons (other than the Directors or the Chief Executive of the Company) had an interest or short
position in the Shares and the underlying Shares which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2
and 3 of Part XV of the SFO as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under section 336 of the SFO:

                                                                                                       Number of Shares interested
     Name of substantial shareholder                           Capacity                                           (Long position)                Percentage

     Faulkner Global Holdings Limited                          Beneficial owner                                             469,344,972              71.07%

     COSCO SHIPPING Holdings (Hong Kong)                       Interest of controlled corporation                           469,344,972              71.07%
      Limited                                                                                                                  (Note 1)

     COSCO SHIPPING Holdings Co., Ltd.                         Interest of controlled corporation                           469,344,972              71.07%
                                                                                                                               (Note 2)

     China Ocean Shipping Company Limited                      Interest of controlled corporation                           469,344,972              71.07%
                                                                                                                               (Note 3)

     China COSCO SHIPPING Corporation                          Interest of controlled corporation                           469,344,972              71.07%
      Limited                                                                                                             (Notes 3 & 4)

     Shanghai Port Group (BVI) Development                     Beneficial owner                                              59,880,536                9.06%
       Co., Limited

     Shanghai International Port Group (HK)                    Interest of controlled corporation                            59,880,536                9.06%
       Co., Ltd.                                                                                                               (Note 5)

     Shanghai International Port (Group)                       Interest of controlled corporation                            59,880,536                9.06%
       Co., Ltd.                                                                                                               (Note 6)

Notes:

1.       COSCO SHIPPING Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited (“COSCO SHIPPING HK”) held 100% of the shares of Faulkner Global Holdings Limited
         (“Faulkner”) and, accordingly, had an indirect interest in the same Shares in which Faulkner had an interest.

2.       COSCO SHIPPING Holdings Co., Ltd. (“COSCO SHIPPING Holdings”) held 100% of the shares of COSCO SHIPPING HK and, accordingly, had an
         indirect interest in the same Shares in which COSCO SHIPPING HK had an interest.

3.       China Ocean Shipping Company Limited (“China Ocean Shipping”) held 38.25% of the shares of COSCO SHIPPING Holdings and, accordingly, had an
         indirect interest in the same Shares in which COSCO SHIPPING Holdings had an interest. China COSCO SHIPPING Corporation Limited (“COSCO
         SHIPPING”) held 45.25% of the shares of COSCO SHIPPING Holdings by itself and its subsidiaries. Both China Ocean Shipping and COSCO SHIPPING
         are state-owned enterprises established in the People’s Republic of China.

4.       COSCO SHIPPING held 100% of the shares of China Ocean Shipping and, accordingly, had an indirect interest in the same Shares in which China Ocean
         Shipping had an interest.

5.       Shanghai International Port Group (HK) Co., Ltd. (“SIPG HK”) held 100% of the shares of Shanghai Port Group (BVI) Development Co., Limited (“SIPG
         BVI”) and, accordingly, had an indirect interest in the same Shares in which SIPG BVI had an interest.

6.       Shanghai International Port (Group) Co., Ltd. (“SIPG”) held 100% of the shares of SIPG HK and, accordingly, had an indirect interest in the same Shares
         in which SIPG HK had an interest.




                                                                            Orient Overseas (International) Limited        Interim Report 2025              11
Other Information


The directorships and positions held by the Directors of the Company in the companies disclosed above as at the date of this interim
report are set out below:

(1) Mr. WAN Min is the chairman of the board and the Party Secretary of COSCO SHIPPING, an executive director of China Ocean
    Shipping, and the chairman of the board and an executive director of COSCO SHIPPING Holdings.

(2) Mr. ZHANG Feng is the executive vice president and a Party Committee member of COSCO SHIPPING, and the vice chairman
    of the board and an executive director of COSCO SHIPPING Holdings.

(3) Mr. TAO Weidong is the employee representative director of COSCO SHIPPING, and an executive director, the general manager
    and the Party Secretary of COSCO SHIPPING Holdings.

Save as disclosed above, as at 30th June 2025, the Company had not been notified by any person (other than the Directors or the Chief
Executive of the Company) who had an interest or short position in the Shares or the underlying Shares which were required to be
disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which were recorded in the register
required to be kept by the Company under section 336 of the SFO.


DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries was a party to any arrangement enabling the Directors of the Company to acquire
benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate at any time during the six
months ended 30th June 2025.


PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF SHARES
During the six months ended 30th June 2025, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries had purchased, sold or redeemed any of
the Company’s Shares (including sale of treasury shares (as defined in the Listing Rules) of the Company, if any).

As at 30th June 2025, the Company did not hold any treasury shares.


PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
No pre-emptive rights exist under Bermuda law in relation to the issue of new shares by the Company.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Compliance with the Corporate Governance Code
The Board and the management of the Company are committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance. The Company
considers that effective corporate governance makes an important contribution to corporate success and to the enhancement of
shareholder value.

The Company has adopted its own corporate governance code (the “CG Code”), which in addition to applying the principles as set out
in the Corporate Governance Code (the “SEHK Code”) contained in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules, also incorporates and conforms
to local and international best practices. The CG Code sets out the corporate governance principles applied by the Company and its
subsidiaries (the “Group”) and is constantly reviewed to ensure its transparency, accountability and independence.

Throughout the six months ended 30th June 2025, the Company complied with the SEHK Code, save for two recommended best
practices, as described below:

•    the remuneration of senior management of the Group was disclosed by bands, not on an individual basis

•    quarterly operational results, instead of quarterly financial results, were announced and published




12          Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2025
                                                                                                           Other Information


Securities Transactions by Directors
The Company has adopted its own code of conduct regarding securities transactions by Directors on terms no less exacting than the
required standard set out in the Model Code contained in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules.

All Directors of the Company have confirmed, following specific enquiry by the Company, that they fully complied with the required
standards set out in both the Company’s own code and the Model Code throughout the six months ended 30th June 2025.

Board of Directors
The Directors of the Company as at the date of this interim report were:

Executive Directors
Mr. WAN Min (Chairman)
Mr. ZHANG Feng (Chief Executive Officer)
Mr. TAO Weidong

Non-Executive Directors
Mr. TUNG Lieh Cheung Andrew
Mr. GU Jinshan
Ms. WANG Dan
Mr. IP Sing Chi

Independent Non-Executive Directors
Mr. CHOW Philip Yiu Wah (Lead Independent Non-Executive Director)
Dr. CHUNG Shui Ming Timpson
Mr. YANG Liang Yee Philip
Ms. CHEN Ying
Mr. SO Gregory Kam Leung
Mr. CHEN Hong

Changes in Composition of the Board and the Board Committees
The changes in composition of the Board and the Board Committees of the Company during the six months ended 30th June 2025 are
set out below:

 Effective date                      Detail of change
 13th March 2025                     –    Mr. CHOW Philip Yiu Wah was designated as the Lead Independent Non-Executive
                                          Director.

                                     –     Ms. CHEN Ying was appointed as a member of the Nomination Committee.

 3rd April 2025                      –     Ms. ZHENG Qi retired as the Chief Financial Officer and ceased as a member of the
                                           Compliance Committee and the Risk Committee.

                                     –     Mr. PAN Zhigang was appointed to succeed all positions of Ms. ZHENG Qi in the
                                           Company.

 16th April 2025                     –     Mr. CHEN Yangfan resigned as an Executive Director and the Chief Executive Officer,
                                           and ceased as a member of the Executive Committee and the Remuneration Committee
                                           and the chairman of the Inside Information Committee, the Risk Committee, the
                                           Strategic Development Committee and the Sustainability Committee.

                                     –     Mr. ZHANG Feng was appointed to succeed all positions of Mr. CHEN Yangfan in the
                                           Company.

 9th May 2025                        –     Mr. CHEN Hong was appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director and as
                                           a member of the Risk Committee, the Strategic Development Committee and the
                                           Sustainability Committee.




                                                               Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2025   13
Other Information


Changes in Directors’ Information
The changes in the information of the Directors since the date of 2024 annual report of the Company and up to the date of this
interim report are set out below pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules. Full biographies of the Directors are available on the
Company’s website (https://www.ooilgroup.com).

 Name of Director                     Detail of change
 ZHANG Feng                           Appointed as the vice chairman of the board and an executive director of COSCO SHIPPING
                                      Holdings (a company listed in Shanghai and Hong Kong) with effect from 28th May 2025

 CHEN Ying                            Appointed as an independent director of China CSSC Holdings Limited (a company listed in
                                      Shanghai) with effect from 3rd June 2025

 SO Gregory Kam Leung                 Voluntarily surrendered membership licence of the Law Society of Ontario, Canada which
                                      application was approved by the Law Society of Ontario on 23rd June 2025

 GU Jinshan                           Retired as the Party Secretary and the chairman of the board of SIPG (a company listed in
                                      Shanghai) with effect from 10th July 2025




14          Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2025
                                          Index – Interim Financial Information
Content                                                                                                               Page no.

Report on Review of Interim Financial Information                                                                            16

Condensed Consolidated Profit and Loss Account (Unaudited)                                                                   17

Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income (Unaudited)                                                         18

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet (Unaudited)                                                                             19

Condensed Consolidated Cash Flow Statement (Unaudited)                                                                       21

Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity (Unaudited)                                                            22

Notes to the Interim Financial Information

1.     General information                                                                                                   23

2.     Basis of preparation                                                                                                  23

3.     Financial risk management                                                                                             24

4.     Critical accounting estimates and judgements                                                                          25

5.     Revenue                                                                                                               26

6.     Segment information                                                                                                   26

7.     Operating profit                                                                                                      30

8.     Key management compensation                                                                                           30

9.     Finance costs                                                                                                         30

10.    Taxation                                                                                                              31

11.    Earnings per ordinary share                                                                                           31

12.    Dividends                                                                                                             32

13.    Capital expenditure                                                                                                   32

14.    Debtors and prepayments                                                                                               33

15.    Share capital                                                                                                         34

16.    Reserves                                                                                                              34

17.    Lease liabilities                                                                                                     34

18.    Provision                                                                                                             35

19.    Creditors and accruals                                                                                                35

20.    Commitments                                                                                                           36

21.    Significant related party transactions                                                                                37



                                                             Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2025   15
Report on Review of Interim Financial Information
To the Board of Directors of
Orient Overseas (International) Limited
(incorporated in Bermuda with members’ limited liability)


Introduction
We have reviewed the interim financial information of Orient Overseas (International) Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries
(hereinafter collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 17 to 38, which comprise the condensed consolidated balance
sheet as of 30th June 2025 and the related condensed consolidated profit and loss account, the condensed consolidated statement of
comprehensive income, the condensed consolidated cash flow statement and the condensed consolidated statement of changes in
equity for the six-month period then ended, and other explanatory notes. The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock
Exchange of Hong Kong Limited require the preparation of a report on interim financial information to be in compliance with the
relevant provisions thereof and Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting” (“HKAS 34”) issued by the Hong
Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of
this interim financial information in accordance with HKAS 34. Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on this interim financial
information based on our review, and to report our conclusion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of
engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents
of this report.


Scope of Review
We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410 “Review of Interim Financial
Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants.
A review of this interim financial information consists of making inquiries, primarily of persons responsible for financial and
accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures. A review is substantially less in scope than an audit
conducted in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we
would become aware of all significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.


Conclusion
Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the interim financial information is not prepared,
in all material respects, in accordance with HKAS 34.


Other Matter
The comparative condensed consolidated profit and loss account, the condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income,
the condensed consolidated cash flow statement and the condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity for the six-month
period ended 30th June 2024 and the relevant explanatory notes included in this interim financial information were extracted from the
interim financial information of the Group for the six-month period ended 30th June 2024 reviewed by another auditor who expressed
an unmodified conclusion on that interim financial information on 22nd August 2024.

The comparative condensed consolidated balance sheet as at 31st December 2024 and the relevant explanatory notes included in
this interim financial information were extracted from the consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31st
December 2024 audited by the same auditor who expressed an unmodified opinion on those consolidated financial statements on 13th
March 2025.




SHINEWING (HK) CPA Limited
Certified Public Accountants
Pang Wai Hang
Practising Certificate Number: P05044
Hong Kong

21st August 2025


16          Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2025
Condensed Consolidated Profit and Loss Account (Unaudited)
                                                                                                  For the six months ended 30th June 2025



 US$’000                                                                                   Note                  2025                 2024
 Revenue                                                                                   5, 6              4,876,265            4,645,576
 Operating costs                                                                                            (3,907,230)          (3,731,322)

 Gross profit                                                                                                  969,035             914,254
 Other operating income                                                                                        179,250             194,257
 Business and administrative expenses                                                                         (214,952)           (236,013)
 Reversal of/(provision for) impairment losses on financial assets, net                                          2,778              (6,995)
 Other gains/(losses), net                                                                                      41,883             (30,588)

 Operating profit                                                                           7                 977,994              834,915
 Finance costs                                                                              9                 (11,974)              (9,976)
 Share of profits of joint ventures                                                                             2,701                2,524
 Share of profits of associated companies                                                                       4,319                3,067

 Profit before taxation                                                                                       973,040              830,530
 Taxation                                                                                   10                (17,905)               3,525

 Profit for the period                                                                                        955,135              834,055

 Profit attributable to:
 Equity holders of the Company                                                                                954,229              833,277
 Non-controlling interests                                                                                        906                  778

                                                                                                              955,135              834,055

 Earnings per ordinary share (US$)                                                          11
 Basic and diluted                                                                                                1.44                 1.26




The notes on pages 23 to 38 form an integral part of this interim financial information.

                                                                Orient Overseas (International) Limited    Interim Report 2025            17
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income (Unaudited)
For the six months ended 30th June 2025



  US$’000                                                                                           2025       2024
  Profit for the period                                                                           955,135    834,055

  Other comprehensive loss:
  Item that will not be subsequently reclassified to profit or loss:
  Remeasurement (losses)/gains on defined benefit scheme                                             (201)     2,349

  Items that have been reclassified or may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
  Currency translation adjustments
     Subsidiaries                                                                                  (4,562)    (3,073)
     Joint ventures                                                                                   (23)      (142)
     Associated companies                                                                             569       (550)

  Total amount that has been reclassified or may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss    (4,016)    (3,765)

  Other comprehensive loss for the period, net of tax                                              (4,217)    (1,416)

  Total comprehensive income for the period                                                       950,918    832,639

  Total comprehensive income attributable to:
  Equity holders of the Company                                                                   949,980    832,088
  Non-controlling interests                                                                           938        551

                                                                                                  950,918    832,639




The notes on pages 23 to 38 form an integral part of this interim financial information.

18           Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2025
      Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet (Unaudited)
                                                                                                                 As at 30th June 2025



                                                                                                        30th June    31st December
US$’000                                                                               Note                   2025             2024

ASSETS
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment                                                          13               7,925,010             6,710,820
Right-of-use assets                                                                    13               1,705,354             1,732,776
Investment property                                                                    13                 200,000               200,000
Investments in joint ventures and associated companies                                                    145,646               145,308
Intangible assets                                                                      13                   5,669                 4,840
Deferred taxation assets                                                                                   33,227                37,010
Pension and retirement assets                                                                              18,592                16,973
Restricted bank balances                                                                                      291                   292
Investments at fair value through other comprehensive income                                                   34                    34
Investments at amortised cost                                                                              34,852                47,889
Other non-current assets                                                                                   12,445                 9,277

                                                                                                       10,081,120             8,905,219

Current assets
Inventories                                                                                               203,772               191,513
Debtors and prepayments                                                                14                 857,065               743,603
Investments at amortised cost                                                                              18,016                 4,998
Portfolio investments at fair value through profit or loss                                                 10,611                 9,174
Tax recoverable                                                                                             8,232                 6,650
Restricted bank balances                                                                                    4,881                 3,753
Cash and bank balances                                                                                  7,020,711             7,903,473

                                                                                                        8,123,288             8,863,164

Total assets                                                                                           18,204,408            17,768,383

EQUITY
Equity holders
Share capital                                                                          15                  66,037                66,037
Reserves                                                                               16              13,257,800            13,179,513

                                                                                                       13,323,837            13,245,550
Non-controlling interests                                                                                   4,364                 3,947

Total equity                                                                                           13,328,201            13,249,497




                                                             Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2025           19
Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet (Unaudited)
As at 30th June 2025



                                                                                                   30th June   31st December
 US$’000                                                                                   Note         2025            2024
 LIABILITIES
 Non-current liabilities
 Lease liabilities                                                                          17      809,527          811,607
 Deferred taxation liabilities                                                                      184,878          184,113
 Provision                                                                                  18      896,745          896,745

                                                                                                   1,891,150       1,892,465

 Current liabilities
 Creditors and accruals                                                                     19     2,265,808       1,930,036
 Lease liabilities                                                                          17       592,299         561,616
 Current taxation                                                                                    126,950         134,769

                                                                                                   2,985,057       2,626,421

 Total liabilities                                                                                 4,876,207       4,518,886

 Total equity and liabilities                                                                     18,204,408      17,768,383




Wan Min                                                             Tao Weidong
Director                                                            Director




The notes on pages 23 to 38 form an integral part of this interim financial information.

20          Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2025
Condensed Consolidated Cash Flow Statement (Unaudited)
                                                                                             For the six months ended 30th June 2025



 US$’000                                                                                                       2025                 2024
 Cash flows from operating activities
   Cash generated from operations                                                                         1,172,946            1,001,597
   Interest and financing charges paid                                                                      (25,550)             (25,794)
   Income tax paid                                                                                          (22,625)             (17,076)

    Net cash from operating activities                                                                    1,124,771              958,727

 Cash flows from investing activities
   Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                   24,976               32,032
   Decrease in portfolio investments at fair value through profit or loss                                         –                5,695
   Purchase of property, plant and equipment and other non-current assets                                  (973,880)            (742,012)
   (Increase)/decrease in restricted bank balances and bank deposits
     maturing more than three months from the date of placement                                            (560,232)           1,556,408
   Interest received                                                                                        152,878              193,300
   Movements of other investing activities                                                                    2,341                  130

    Net cash (used in)/from investing activities                                                         (1,353,917)           1,045,553

 Cash flows from financing activities
   Repayment of lease liabilities                                                                          (333,652)            (361,397)
   Dividends paid to equity holders of the Company                                                         (871,693)            (119,528)
   Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                                                 (521)                   –

    Cash used in financing activities                                                                    (1,205,866)            (480,925)

 Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                    (1,435,012)           1,523,355
 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period                                                         5,650,964            1,129,210
 Currency translation adjustments                                                                            (6,855)              (3,586)

 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period                                                               4,209,097            2,648,979

 Analysis of cash and cash equivalents
   Cash and bank balances                                                                                 7,020,711             6,685,466
   Bank deposits maturing more than three months from the date of placement                              (2,811,614)           (4,036,487)

    Cash and cash equivalents at end of period                                                            4,209,097            2,648,979




The notes on pages 23 to 38 form an integral part of this interim financial information.

                                                               Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2025            21
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity (Unaudited)
For the six months ended 30th June 2025



                                                                       Equity holders                          Non-
                                                                                                         controlling
 US$’000                                               Share capital         Reserves       Sub-total      interests        Total

 At 1st January 2025                                         66,037         13,179,513     13,245,550         3,947    13,249,497
 Total comprehensive income for the period                        –            949,980        949,980           938       950,918
 Transactions with owners
   2024 final dividend                                             –          (871,693)      (871,693)            –      (871,693)
   Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                     –                 –              –          (521)         (521)

 At 30th June 2025                                           66,037         13,257,800     13,323,837         4,364    13,328,201

 At 1st January 2024                                         66,037         11,141,059     11,207,096         3,267    11,210,363
 Total comprehensive income for the period                        –            832,088        832,088           551       832,639
 Transactions with owners
   Employee share-based compensation                               –                14             14             –            14
   2023 final dividend                                             –           (95,754)       (95,754)            –       (95,754)
   2023 second special dividend                                    –           (23,774)       (23,774)            –       (23,774)

 At 30th June 2024                                           66,037         11,853,633     11,919,670         3,818    11,923,488




The notes on pages 23 to 38 form an integral part of this interim financial information.

22          Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2025
                            Notes to the Interim Financial Information

1. General information
   Orient Overseas (International) Limited (the “Company”) is a members’ limited liability company incorporated in Bermuda. The
   address of its registered office is Clarendon House, 2 Church Street, Hamilton HM 11, Bermuda and the principal office is 31st
   Floor, Harbour Centre, 25 Harbour Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong, China.

   The Company has its shares listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.

   The ultimate parent company of the Group is China COSCO SHIPPING Corporation Limited (“COSCO SHIPPING”), a
   state-owned enterprise established in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”).

   This interim financial information is presented in US dollar, unless otherwise stated.

   This interim financial information was approved by the Board of Directors on 21st August 2025.


2. Basis of preparation
   The interim financial information of the Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) has been prepared in accordance with Hong
   Kong Accounting Standard (“HKAS”) 34 “Interim Financial Reporting” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
   Accountants (the “HKICPA”) and the applicable disclosure requirements of Appendix D2 to the Rules Governing the Listing of
   Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”). They have been prepared under the historical cost
   convention, as modified by the revaluation of investment property, investments at fair value through other comprehensive income
   and portfolio investments at fair value through profit or loss which are carried at fair value. The interim financial information
   should be read in conjunction with the annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31st December 2024, which
   have been prepared in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards issued by the HKICPA.

   The accounting policies and methods of computation used in the preparation of the interim financial information are consistent
   with those used in the annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31st December 2024 except for the adoption of
   amendments to existing standards effective for the financial year ending 31st December 2025.


   The adoption of revised standards
   In 2025, the Group adopted the following amendments to existing standards, which are relevant to its operations.


     Amendments to existing standards

     HKAS 21 and HKFRS 1 (Amendments)                     Lack of Exchangeability

   The adoption of the above amendments to existing standards does not have a material impact to the results and financial position
   of the Group.




                                                              Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2025      23
Notes to the Interim Financial Information


2. Basis of preparation (Continued)

     New standard and amendments and improvement to existing standards and interpretation that are
     relevant to the Group but not yet effective

      New standard and amendments and improvement to existing standards                                   Effective for accounting periods
      and interpretation                                                                                             beginning on or after

      HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7               Classification and Measurement of Financial Instruments                            1st January 2026
       (Amendments)
      HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7               Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity                                 1st January 2026
       (Amendments)
      HKFRS Accounting                  Annual Improvements – Volume 11                                                    1st January 2026
       Standards
      HKFRS 18                          Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements                                1st January 2027
      HK Int 5 (Amendment)              Classification by the Borrower of a Term Loan that                                 1st January 2027
                                           Contains a Repayment on Demand Clause
      HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28              Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its                         To be announced
       (Amendments)                        Associate or Joint Venture

     The Group has not early adopted the above new standard and amendments and improvement to existing standards and
     interpretation. The Group is in the process of assessing the impact of the new standard on the Group’s accounting policies
     and consolidated financial statements. The adoption of the above amendments and improvement to existing standards and
     interpretation is not expected to have a significant effect on the consolidated financial statements of the Group, except that the
     adoption of HKFRS 18 may have impact on the presentation of the Group’s consolidated financial statements.


3. Financial risk management
     All aspects of the Group’s financial risk management objectives and policies are consistent with those disclosed in the annual
     consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31st December 2024.


     3.1 Fair value estimation
          The financial instruments that are measured in the consolidated balance sheet at fair value, require disclosure of fair value
          measurements by level of the following fair value measurement hierarchy:

          •      Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1).

          •      Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (that
                 is, as prices) or indirectly (that is, derived from prices) (level 2).

          •      Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (that is, unobservable inputs) (level 3).

          The following table presents the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value at 30th June 2025:


              US$’000                                                                         Level 1            Level 3              Total
              Assets
              Portfolio investments at fair value through profit or loss
                Equity securities                                                             10,611                   –             10,611
              Investments at fair value through other comprehensive income
                Unlisted equity securities                                                          –                 34                    34

              Total                                                                           10,611                  34             10,645




24            Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2025
                                                                   Notes to the Interim Financial Information


3. Financial risk management (Continued)
   3.1 Fair value estimation (Continued)
        The following table presents the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value at 31st December 2024:


         US$’000                                                                       Level 1             Level 3             Total
         Assets
         Portfolio investments at fair value through profit or loss
           Equity securities                                                             9,174                  –              9,174
         Investments at fair value through other comprehensive income
           Unlisted equity securities                                                        –                 34                 34

         Total                                                                           9,174                 34              9,208

        There were no transfers among levels 1, 2 and 3 during the period.

        Specific valuation techniques used to value level 3 financial instruments include dealer quotes.

        There were no changes in valuation techniques during the period.

        Instruments included in level 3 comprise unlisted equity securities classified as investments at fair value through other
        comprehensive income.

        There were no movements in level 3 instruments during the period.


   3.2 Fair values of financial assets and liabilities measured at amortised cost

                                                                   Carrying amounts                           Fair values
                                                                 30th June     31st December            30th June    31st December
         US$’000                                                      2025              2024                 2025             2024
         Investments at amortised cost                              52,868              52,887             53,027            52,765

        The fair values of debtors, cash and bank balances, restricted bank balances, other financial assets and creditors approximate
        their carrying amounts due to the short-term maturities of these assets and liabilities.


4. Critical accounting estimates and judgements
   Estimates and judgements used in preparing the consolidated financial statements are continually evaluated and are based on
   historical experience and other factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the
   circumstances. The resulting accounting estimates will, by definition, seldom equal the related actual results.

   The estimates and assumptions applied in the preparation of the interim financial information are consistent with those used in
   the annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31st December 2024.




                                                             Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2025         25
Notes to the Interim Financial Information


5. Revenue
      US$’000                                                                                               2025               2024
      Container transport and logistics                                                                4,864,271          4,634,100
      Others                                                                                              11,994             11,476

                                                                                                       4,876,265          4,645,576

     The principal activities of the Group are container transport and logistics.

     Revenue comprises gross freight income, service and other income from the operation of the container transport and logistics and
     rental income from the investment property.


6. Segment information
     The principal activities of the Group are container transport and logistics. Container transport and logistics include
     global containerised shipping services in major trade lanes, covering Trans-Pacific, Trans-Atlantic, Asia/Europe and
     Intra-Asia/Australasia trades, and integrated services over the management and control of effective storage and flow of goods. In
     accordance with the Group’s internal financial reporting provided to the chief operating decision-makers, who are responsible
     for allocating resources, assessing performance of the operating segments and making strategic decisions, the reportable
     operating segments are container transport and logistics and others. The Executive Directors are the Group’s chief operating
     decision-makers.


     Operating segments
     The segment results for the six months ended 30th June 2025 are as follows:


                                                                                      Container
                                                                                      transport
      US$’000                                                                       and logistics         Others               Total
      Revenue from contracts with customers:
        Over time                                                                      4,751,356                –         4,751,356
      Revenue from other source                                                          112,915           11,994           124,909

                                                                                       4,864,271          11,994          4,876,265
      Other operating income                                                            176,152            3,098            179,250

                                                                                       5,040,423           15,092          5,055,515

      Operating profit                                                                  969,823             8,171           977,994
      Finance costs                                                                     (11,974)                –           (11,974)
      Share of profits of joint ventures                                                  2,701                 –             2,701
      Share of profits of associated companies                                            4,319                 –             4,319

      Profit before taxation                                                            964,869             8,171           973,040
      Taxation                                                                          (16,256)           (1,649)          (17,905)

      Profit for the period                                                              948,613            6,522           955,135

      Additions to non-current assets*                                                 1,680,535                –         1,680,535
      Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                      246,496                7           246,503
      Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                232,657                –           232,657
      Amortisation of intangible assets                                                    2,191                –             2,191




26          Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2025
                                                                                Notes to the Interim Financial Information


6. Segment information (Continued)
   Operating segments (Continued)
   The segment results for the six months ended 30th June 2024 are as follows:


                                                                                                    Container
                                                                                                     transport
       US$’000                                                                                    and logistics                Others              Total
       Revenue from contracts with customers:
         Over time                                                                                   4,553,214                      –          4,553,214
       Revenue from other source                                                                        80,886                 11,476             92,362

                                                                                                      4,634,100                11,476          4,645,576
       Other operating income                                                                          185,077                  9,180            194,257

                                                                                                      4,819,177                20,656          4,839,833

       Operating profit/(loss)                                                                         872,500                (37,585)          834,915
       Finance costs                                                                                    (9,976)                     –            (9,976)
       Share of profits of joint ventures                                                                2,524                      –             2,524
       Share of profits of associated companies                                                          3,067                      –             3,067

       Profit/(loss) before taxation                                                                    868,115               (37,585)           830,530
       Taxation                                                                                         (10,481)               14,006              3,525

       Profit/(loss) for the period                                                                     857,634               (23,579)           834,055

       Fair value loss from an investment property                                                           –                 50,000             50,000
       Additions to non-current assets*                                                              1,003,872                      –          1,003,872
       Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                                   204,828                      6            204,834
       Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                             229,835                      –            229,835
       Amortisation of intangible assets                                                                 2,125                      –              2,125

   *       Additions to non-current assets comprise additions to property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets.




                                                                         Orient Overseas (International) Limited         Interim Report 2025          27
Notes to the Interim Financial Information


6. Segment information (Continued)
     Operating segments (Continued)
     The segment assets and liabilities at 30th June 2025 are as follows:


                                                                                     Container
                                                                                     transport
      US$’000                                                                      and logistics            Others             Group
      Segment assets                                                                 17,744,783            306,195         18,050,978
      Joint ventures                                                                     13,987                  –             13,987
      Associated companies                                                              139,443                  –            139,443

      Total assets                                                                   17,898,213            306,195         18,204,408

      Segment liabilities                                                            (4,753,124)          (123,083)        (4,876,207)

     The segment assets and liabilities at 31st December 2024 are as follows:


                                                                                      Container
                                                                                       transport
      US$’000                                                                       and logistics           Others             Group
      Segment assets                                                                 17,051,422            571,545         17,622,967
      Joint ventures                                                                     10,113                  –             10,113
      Associated companies                                                              135,303                  –            135,303

      Total assets                                                                   17,196,838            571,545         17,768,383

      Segment liabilities                                                             (4,399,586)         (119,300)        (4,518,886)

     The segment of “Others” primarily includes assets and liabilities of property investment and corporate level activities. Assets
     under the segment of “Others” consist primarily of investment property, investments at amortised cost, portfolio investments at
     fair value through profit or loss together with cash and bank balances related to property investment activities. Liabilities under
     the segment of “Others” primarily include creditors and accruals and deferred taxation liabilities related to property investment
     and corporate level activities.




28          Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2025
                                                                               Notes to the Interim Financial Information


6. Segment information (Continued)
   Geographical information
   The Group’s two reportable operating segments operate in below main geographical areas, even though they are managed on a
   worldwide basis. Freight revenues from container transport and logistics are analysed based on the outbound cargoes of each
   geographical territory. Revenues from other sources are analysed based on the geographical territory that the Group derives
   revenue from customers.

   The Group’s non-current assets mainly include container vessels and containers which are primarily utilised across geographical
   markets for shipment of cargoes throughout the world. Accordingly, non-current assets by geographical areas are not presented.


                                                                                                                                            Additions to
                                                                                                                                            non-current
       US$’000                                                                                                             Revenue                assets#
       Six months ended 30th June 2025
        Asia                                                                                                              3,829,647              21,034
        Europe                                                                                                              568,510                 736
        North and South America                                                                                             324,556               2,537
        Australia and Africa                                                                                                153,552                 356
        Unallocated*                                                                                                              –           1,655,872

                                                                                                                          4,876,265           1,680,535

       Six months ended 30th June 2024
        Asia                                                                                                              3,665,092               26,090
        Europe                                                                                                              561,024                1,143
        North and South America                                                                                             281,697                1,084
        Australia and Africa                                                                                                137,763                   30
        Unallocated*                                                                                                              –              975,525

                                                                                                                          4,645,576            1,003,872

   #
          Additions to non-current assets comprise additions to property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets.

   *      Unallocated additions to non-current assets comprise additions to container vessels and capitalised dry-docking costs, assets under construction,
          scrubbers and vessel equipment, containers and computer software costs.




                                                                        Orient Overseas (International) Limited         Interim Report 2025            29
Notes to the Interim Financial Information


7. Operating profit
      US$’000                                                                                               2025               2024
      Operating profit is arrived at after crediting:

      Interest income from banks                                                                         175,712            190,893
      Interest income from deposits in a fellow subsidiary                                                 1,144                972
      Interest income from investments at amortised cost                                                   1,343              1,343
      Gross rental income from an investment property                                                     11,994             11,476
      Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                   10,509             10,970
      Income from portfolio investments at fair value through profit or loss
         Fair value gain (realised and unrealised)                                                          1,437                500
         Distribution                                                                                           5                  5
         Dividend income                                                                                       90                874
      Exchange gain                                                                                        29,947              7,960

      and after charging:

      Fair value loss from an investment property                                                               –            50,000
      Loss on early termination of leases                                                                      10                18


8. Key management compensation
      US$’000                                                                                               2025               2024
      Salaries, discretionary bonuses and other employee benefits                                           1,019              4,471
      Estimated money value of other benefits                                                                   –                 55
      Pension costs – defined contribution plans                                                               68                194

                                                                                                            1,087              4,720

     The Group usually determines and pays discretionary bonuses to employees (including Directors) around middle of each year
     based on the actual financial results of the Group for the preceding year. The discretionary bonuses represent actual payments to
     the Directors and individuals during the current financial period in relation to performance for the preceding year, if any.


9. Finance costs
      US$’000                                                                                               2025               2024
      Interest expense
         Lease liabilities                                                                                 29,899             31,456
      Amount capitalised under assets under construction                                                  (17,925)           (21,480)

      Net interest expense                                                                                 11,974              9,976




30         Orient Overseas (International) Limited      Interim Report 2025
                                                                   Notes to the Interim Financial Information


10. Taxation
    US$’000                                                                                                   2025               2024
    Current taxation
      HKSAR profits tax                                                                                      4,355               (749)
      Non HKSAR taxation                                                                                     8,899             15,992

                                                                                                            13,254             15,243
    Deferred taxation                                                                                        4,651            (18,768)

                                                                                                            17,905              (3,525)

   Taxation has been provided at the appropriate tax rates prevailing in the countries/regions in which the Group operates on the
   estimated assessable profits for the period. These rates range from 5% to 39% (2024: 5% to 39%) and the rates applicable to the
   withholding tax for undistributed earnings of subsidiaries range from 5% to 30% (2024: 5% to 30%). The HKSAR profits tax for
   ocean freight transportation business is charged based on the relevant entity’s Hong Kong-sourced income (i.e. at a percentage
   of the total worldwide ocean freight transportation business profit) under the HKSAR tax incentive regime for international
   shipping businesses and at the applicable tax rate of 16.5% (2024: 16.5%).

   In December 2021, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development released the Pillar Two Model Rules (the
   Global Anti-Base Erosion Proposal, or “GloBE”) to reform international corporate taxation. Large multinational enterprises with
   consolidated revenue of over EUR750 million are subject to the rules. They are required to calculate their GloBE effective tax rate
   for each jurisdiction where they operate and will be liable to pay a minimum effective tax rate of 15%.

   The Group is within the scope of the GloBE. However, international shipping income and certain qualified ancillary international
   shipping income are excluded from the GloBE. Certain jurisdictions where the Group has operations, such as the United
   Kingdom, countries under the European Union, Australia and Canada, etc. have their Pillar Two legislation being effective in
   2024. The Pillar Two legislation has also been enacted in Hong Kong in 2025 and becomes effective from 1st January 2025. The
   Group applies the exception from recognising and disclosing information about deferred tax assets and liabilities related to the
   Pillar Two income taxes, as provided in the Amendments to HKAS 12 issued in July 2023.

   As the Group operates worldwide and the types of international shipping income and ancillary income covered by the exclusion
   are subject to complicated rules and restrictions, the Group would continue to cooperate with the ultimate parent company in
   assessing the full impact of the rules, covering Hong Kong and other jurisdictions.


11. Earnings per ordinary share
   The calculation of basic and diluted earnings per ordinary share is based on the Group’s profit attributable to equity holders of the
   Company divided by the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the period.

   The basic and diluted earnings per ordinary share are the same since there are no potential dilutive shares.


                                                                                                              2025               2024

    Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue (thousands)                                        660,373            660,373

    Group’s profit attributable to equity holders of the Company (US$’000)                                 954,229            833,277

    Earnings per share attributable to equity holders of the Company (US$)                                    1.44                1.26




                                                              Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2025          31
Notes to the Interim Financial Information


12. Dividends
      US$’000                                                                                                                   2025                    2024
      Interim dividend of US$0.72 (2024: US$0.63) per ordinary share                                                        475,469               416,035

     The final dividend for 2024 of US$871.7 million has been accounted for as an appropriation of retained profit in the six months
     ended 30th June 2025.

     The Board of Directors declares an interim dividend of US$0.72 (2024: US$0.63) per ordinary share for the six months ended
     30th June 2025 on 21st August 2025. The interim dividend will be payable in cash in US dollar or Hong Kong dollar (HK$5.616
     converted at the exchange rate of US$1 to HK$7.8) or Renminbi (RMB5.138 converted at the exchange rate of US$1 to
     RMB7.1355, being the average of middle exchange rate between US dollar and Renminbi as announced by the People’s Bank of
     China for the 5 business days before and excluding the date of Board meeting for, among other matters, considering the payment
     of the interim dividend).


13. Capital expenditure
                                                             Property,
                                                             plant and        Right-of-use          Investment            Intangible
      US$’000                                               equipment               assets            property                assets                Total
      Net book amounts
       At 1st January 2025                                    6,710,820           1,732,776             200,000                 4,840          8,648,436
       Currency translation adjustments                             602               2,285                   –                     3              2,890
       Additions                                              1,317,897             359,621                   –                 3,017          1,680,535
       Reclassification, disposals/written off                  142,194            (156,671)                  –                     –            (14,477)
       Depreciation and amortisation                           (246,503)           (232,657)                  –                (2,191)          (481,351)

         At 30th June 2025                                    7,925,010           1,705,354             200,000                 5,669          9,836,033

         At 1st January 2024                                  5,607,991           1,861,705              250,000                7,679          7,727,375
         Currency translation adjustments                          (505)             (2,652)                   –                   (4)            (3,161)
         Fair value loss                                              –                   –              (50,000)                   –            (50,000)
         Additions                                              772,590             230,818                    –                  464          1,003,872
         Reclassification, disposals/written off                152,784            (174,004)                   –                    –            (21,220)
         Depreciation and amortisation                         (204,834)           (229,835)                   –               (2,125)          (436,794)

         At 30th June 2024                                    6,328,026           1,686,032              200,000                6,014          8,220,072

     Note:

     During the six months ended 30th June 2025, construction of five (2024: five) vessels was completed and the vessels were delivered to the Group.




32           Orient Overseas (International) Limited        Interim Report 2025
                                                                  Notes to the Interim Financial Information


14. Debtors and prepayments
                                                                                                        30th June    31st December
    US$’000                                                                                                  2025             2024
    Trade receivables
      Third parties                                                                                       431,944            433,781
      Joint ventures                                                                                        2,835                108
      Fellow subsidiaries                                                                                   8,475              6,312
      Related companies                                                                                     1,153              1,087
    Less: Provision for impairment                                                                        (42,051)           (44,720)

    Trade receivables – net                                                                               402,356            396,568
    Other debtors                                                                                         271,162            208,324
    Other prepayments, utility and other deposits                                                         115,885            102,133
    Amounts due from related parties
      Associated companies                                                                                  4,949                  –
      Fellow subsidiaries                                                                                  62,635             36,384
      Related companies                                                                                        78                194

                                                                                                          857,065            743,603

   Trade receivables are normally due for payment on presentation of invoices or granted with an approved credit period ranging
   mainly from 10 to 30 days. Debtors with overdue balances are requested to settle all outstanding balances before any further credit
   is granted.

   The ageing analysis of the Group’s trade receivables, net of provision for impairment, prepared in accordance with the dates of
   invoices, is as follows:


                                                                                                        30th June    31st December
    US$’000                                                                                                  2025             2024
    Below 1 month                                                                                         323,300            312,895
    2 to 3 months                                                                                          72,142             76,391
    4 to 6 months                                                                                           4,855              6,594
    Over 6 months                                                                                           2,059                688

                                                                                                          402,356            396,568




                                                             Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2025         33
Notes to the Interim Financial Information


15. Share capital
                                                                                                                   30th June        31st December
     US$’000                                                                                                            2025                 2024
     Authorised:
       900,000,000 ordinary shares of US$0.10 each                                                                     90,000                90,000
       65,000,000 convertible redeemable preferred shares of US$1 each                                                 65,000                65,000
       50,000,000 redeemable preferred shares of US$1 each                                                             50,000                50,000

                                                                                                                      205,000               205,000

     Issued and fully paid:
        660,373,297 ordinary shares of US$0.10 each                                                                    66,037                66,037


16. Reserves
                                                                     Employee                                   Foreign
                                                                   share-based                     Capital     exchange
                                                           Share compensation    Contributed   redemption    translation    Retained
     US$’000                                            premium        reserve       surplus       reserve       reserve       profit            Total
     At 1st January 2025                                 734,717        10,774        88,547        4,696       (39,257)   12,380,036       13,179,513
     Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the period          –             –             –            –        (4,048)      954,028          949,980
     Transaction with owners
        2024 final dividend                                   –             –             –             –             –      (871,693)        (871,693)

     At 30th June 2025                                   734,717        10,774        88,547        4,696       (43,305)   12,462,371       13,257,800

     At 1st January 2024                                 734,717        10,760        88,547         4,696      (32,536)   10,334,875       11,141,059
     Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the period          –             –             –             –       (3,538)      835,626          832,088
     Transactions with owners
        Employee share-based compensation                     –             14            –             –             –               –             14
        2023 final dividend                                   –              –            –             –             –         (95,754)       (95,754)
        2023 second special dividend                          –              –            –             –             –         (23,774)       (23,774)

     At 30th June 2024                                   734,717        10,774        88,547         4,696      (36,074)   11,050,973       11,853,633


17. Lease liabilities
                                                                                                                   30th June        31st December
     US$’000                                                                                                            2025                 2024
     Non-current                                                                                                      809,527               811,607
     Current                                                                                                          592,299               561,616

                                                                                                                   1,401,826               1,373,223




34          Orient Overseas (International) Limited       Interim Report 2025
                                                                              Notes to the Interim Financial Information


18. Provision
   The Group entered into the Terminal Service Agreement (“TSA”) in October 2019 to which the Group committed to place, or
   procure the placement of an annual minimum number of vessel lifts in Long Beach Container Terminal (“LBCT”) for 20 years.
   Failure to meet the committed volume for each contract year would require certain level of deficiency payment as stipulated in the
   TSA.

   As at 30th June 2025, the Group reassessed the expected number of vessel lifts in LBCT for each of the remaining contract years
   with reference to future prospects of the market and its expected load factor. The current economic environment, tariff policies
   and other targeted policies in the USA are still highly uncertain. Frequent shifts in tariff policies and the additional port charges
   to be levied by the USA on Chinese carriers are expected to have some negative impact on the demand/import of the USA in the
   near future. As at 30th June 2025, with these uncertainties over such a long-term contract period, management reassessed that the
   projected vessel lifts in LBCT would result in a shortfall on minimum volume commitment over the remaining contract period.
   The Group estimated an onerous contract provision of US$896.7 million as at 30th June 2025 (31st December 2024: US$896.7
   million).


19. Creditors and accruals
                                                                                                                        30th June       31st December
       US$’000                                                                                                               2025                2024
       Trade payables
         Third parties                                                                                                    186,043                203,696
         Joint ventures                                                                                                     1,486                  1,375
         Fellow subsidiaries                                                                                               35,500                 23,894
         Related companies                                                                                                 21,037                 28,662

                                                                                                                          244,066                257,627
       Other creditors                                                                                                    172,947                160,366
       Accrued expenses#                                                                                                1,468,005              1,482,933
       Contract liabilities                                                                                                18,911                 19,618
       Amounts due to related parties
         Joint ventures                                                                                                     6,475                   4,506
         Fellow subsidiaries*                                                                                             287,188                   4,722
         Related companies*                                                                                                68,216                     264

                                                                                                                        2,265,808              1,930,036

   #
          Accrued expenses mainly represent accrual for operating costs for container transport and logistics operation and accrued discretionary bonuses.

   *      As at 30th June 2025, the amounts due to fellow subsidiaries and related companies mainly include instalment payables for vessels under
          construction.

   The ageing analysis of the Group’s trade payables, prepared in accordance with the dates of invoices, is as follows:


                                                                                                                        30th June       31st December
       US$’000                                                                                                               2025                2024
       Below 1 month                                                                                                      182,933                182,022
       2 to 3 months                                                                                                       48,200                 67,192
       4 to 6 months                                                                                                        9,017                  2,490
       Over 6 months                                                                                                        3,916                  5,923

                                                                                                                          244,066                257,627




                                                                        Orient Overseas (International) Limited        Interim Report 2025               35
Notes to the Interim Financial Information


20. Commitments
     (a) Capital commitments – Property, plant and equipment

                                                                                                     30th June     31st December
         US$’000                                                                                          2025              2024
         Contracted but not provided for
          Vessels under construction                                                                 4,399,985          2,209,801
          Others                                                                                           468              5,470

                                                                                                     4,400,453          2,215,271


     (b) Lease commitments
        The non-cancellable lease commitments include leases of low-value assets, short-term leases with a term of twelve months or
        less and long-term leases with a term of over twelve months not yet commenced at 30th June 2025.

        The future aggregate minimum lease payments of these leases are as follows:


                                                                                 Vessels and         Land and
         US$’000                                                                 equipment           buildings               Total
         At 30th June 2025
           Less than 1 year                                                           205,124             1,393           206,517
           Between 1 and 2 years                                                      100,673                60           100,733
           Between 2 and 5 years                                                      115,895                80           115,975
           Over 5 years                                                                   926                 –               926

                                                                                      422,618             1,533           424,151

         At 31st December 2024
           Less than 1 year                                                           179,470             1,184           180,654
           Between 1 and 2 years                                                       83,445                 –            83,445
           Between 2 and 5 years                                                      135,660                 –           135,660
           Over 5 years                                                                 1,577                 –             1,577

                                                                                      400,152             1,184           401,336

        On 22nd October 2024, the Group as lessee entered into the charterparties for the chartering of a total of six vessels for a
        term of 15 years commencing from the dates of delivery of the respective vessels, which are expected to be between the
        fourth quarter of 2026 and the first quarter of 2028. As at 30th June 2025, the aggregate minimum lease payments payable by
        the Group for all vessels under the charterparties are US$1,553.6 million (31st December 2024: US$1,563.4 million).




36        Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2025
                                                                    Notes to the Interim Financial Information


21. Significant related party transactions
    The Company is controlled by COSCO SHIPPING, the ultimate parent company of the Group and a state-owned enterprise
    established in the PRC.

    COSCO SHIPPING itself is controlled by the PRC government, which also owns a significant portion of the productive assets
    in the PRC. Government-related entities and their subsidiaries directly or indirectly controlled, jointly controlled or significantly
    influenced by the PRC government are defined as related parties of the Group. On that basis, related parties include COSCO
    SHIPPING and its subsidiaries (other than the Group) (collectively referred to as “COSCO SHIPPING Group”) and related
    entities of COSCO SHIPPING (including joint ventures and associated companies), other government-related entities and
    their subsidiaries, entities in which the Company is able to exercise joint control or significant influence, and key management
    personnel of the Company and COSCO SHIPPING as well as their close family members. The Group’s transactions with other
    government-related entities and their subsidiaries include but are not limited to rendering or receiving of services, purchases or
    sales of assets and receiving of bank deposit services. The detailed disclosures in relation to these transactions and outstanding
    balances are exempted. The Directors believe that the information of related party transactions has been adequately disclosed in
    the interim financial information.

    In addition to the related party information and transactions disclosed elsewhere in the interim financial information, the
    following is a summary of significant related party transactions conducted in the ordinary course of business between the Group
    and its related parties during the period.


    (a) Transactions with COSCO SHIPPING Group and related entities of COSCO SHIPPING
        (including joint ventures and associated companies)

          US$’000                                                                                              2025               2024
          Income
            Container transport income (note ii)                                                             77,519             93,717
            Freight forwarding income                                                                        12,525              9,260
            Service income
              Vessels                                                                                        93,262             68,493
              Containers                                                                                     18,305             13,557
            Information technology service income                                                            20,591             19,133
            Interest income                                                                                   1,144                972

          Expenses
            Cargo transportation costs                                                                       73,534             55,648
            Freight forwarding expenses                                                                      17,057             11,875
            Terminal charges (note iii)                                                                     215,227            130,475
            Expenses relating to short-term leases and leases with low-value assets
              Vessels                                                                                        98,711            102,375
              Containers                                                                                     37,350             35,833
              Land and buildings                                                                                775                404
            Slot hire expenses                                                                               20,746              3,425
            Purchase of bunker (note iv)                                                                    105,489            175,609
            Crew expenses                                                                                     1,565              1,405
            Service fee                                                                                         150                150

          Others
           Purchase of containers                                                                           202,354             73,391
           Instalments of vessels under construction (note v)                                               890,425            617,311




                                                               Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2025          37
Notes to the Interim Financial Information


21. Significant related party transactions (Continued)
     (b) Transactions with joint ventures of the Group

               US$’000                                                                                                         2025                  2024
               Income
                 Container transport income                                                                                       80                    95

               Expenses
                 Cargo transportation costs                                                                                    8,912                 7,821


     (c) Transactions with other related parties

               US$’000                                                                                                         2025                  2024
               Income
                 Container transport income                                                                                      110                    93
                 Freight forwarding income                                                                                       553                   372

               Expenses
                 Cargo transportation costs                                                                                   6,840                 9,391
                 Freight forwarding expenses                                                                                    453                   415
                 Terminal charges                                                                                            86,289                72,806
                 Expenses relating to short-term leases and leases with low-value assets
                   Containers                                                                                                       –                   27
                 Slot hire expenses                                                                                                 –                1,961


     (d) Transactions with state-owned banks
              As at 30th June 2025, approximately 40% (31st December 2024: 60%) of the Group’s bank balances are with state-owned
              banks.

     Notes:

     (i)      These transactions were conducted either (i) based on terms as governed by the master agreements and subsisting agreements entered into between
              the Group and COSCO SHIPPING Group or (ii) based on terms as set out in the underlying agreements, statutory rates or market prices or actual
              costs incurred, or as mutually agreed between the Group and the parties in concern.

     (ii)     Container transport income of US$28.0 million (2024: US$20.8 million) were transacted with the associated companies and joint ventures of
              COSCO SHIPPING during the six months ended 30th June 2025.

     (iii) Terminal charges of US$150.0 million (2024: US$82.7 million) were transacted with the associated companies and joint ventures of COSCO
           SHIPPING during the six months ended 30th June 2025.

     (iv)     Bunker of US$93.2 million (2024: US$96.9 million) was purchased from a joint venture of COSCO SHIPPING during the six months ended 30th
              June 2025.

     (v)      The Group entered into shipbuilding contracts for fourteen vessels with a subsidiary and a joint venture of COSCO SHIPPING respectively for
              an aggregate consideration of US$3,080.0 million during the six months ended 30th June 2025 (2024: nil). The remaining capital commitment is
              disclosed in note 20(a).




38             Orient Overseas (International) Limited       Interim Report 2025
