
EX-99.1
2
tm2619056d1_ex99-1.htm
EXHIBIT 99.1
Exhibit 99.1
Qfin Holdings Announces Results of Annual General
Meeting
Shanghai, China, June 30, 2026, Qfin Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:
QFIN; HKEx: 3660) (“Qfin Holdings” or the “Company”), a leading AI-empowered Credit-Tech platform in China, today
announced that the following proposed resolution submitted for shareholder approval has been duly adopted at its annual general meeting
of shareholders held today:
as an ordinary resolution, THAT, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP shall be re-appointed as the auditors of the Company to hold office until
the conclusion of the next annual general meeting of the Company and to authorize the board of directors of the Company to fix their remuneration
for the year ending December 31, 2026.
About
Qfin Holdings
Qfin Holdings is a leading AI-empowered Credit-Tech platform in China.
By leveraging its sophisticated machine learning models and data analytics capabilities, the Company provides a comprehensive suite of
technology services to assist financial institutions and consumers and SMEs in the loan lifecycle, ranging from borrower acquisition,
preliminary credit assessment, fund matching and post-facilitation services. The Company is dedicated to making credit services more accessible
and personalized to consumers and SMEs through Credit-Tech services to financial institutions.
For more information, please visit: https://ir.qfin.com.
Safe Harbor Statement
Any forward-looking statements contained in this announcement are made
under the “safe harbor” provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements
can be identified by terminology such as “will,” “expects,” “anticipates,” “future,” “intends,”
 “plans,” “believes,” “estimates” and similar statements. Among other things, the business outlook
and quotations from management in this announcement, as well as the Company’s strategic and operational plans, contain forward-looking
statements. Qfin Holdings may also make written or oral forward-looking statements in its periodic reports to the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission (“SEC”), in announcements made on the website of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Hong
Kong Stock Exchange”), in its annual report to shareholders, in press releases and other written materials and in oral statements
made by its officers, directors or employees to third parties. Statements that are not historical facts, including the Company’s
business outlook, beliefs and expectations, are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties.
A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement, which factors
include but not limited to the following: the Company’s growth strategies, changes in laws, rules and regulatory environments,
the recognition of the Company’s brand, market acceptance of the Company’s products and services, trends and developments
in the credit-tech industry, governmental policies relating to the credit-tech industry, general economic conditions in China and around
the globe, and assumptions underlying or related to any of the foregoing. Further information regarding these and other risks and uncertainties
is included in Qfin Holdings’ filings with the SEC and announcements on the website of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. All information
provided in this press release is as of the date of this press release, and Qfin Holdings does not undertake any obligation to update
any forward-looking statement, except as required under applicable law.
For more information, please contact:
Qfin Holdings
E-mail: 
ir@qfin.com

