The Taylor Wimpey
Difference
Annual Report and Accounts 2019
Taylor Wimpey plc is a customer-focused residential developer building
and delivering homes and communities across the UK and in Spain.

Our Company purpose is to deliver new homes within thriving
communities, in a safe and environmentally responsible manner, with
customers at the heart of our decision making and consideration of the
potential impact on wider stakeholders.



Contents
Strategic report                                         Financial statements                                       Connect with us
1​   The Taylor Wimpey difference                        140 Independent auditor’s report                           There are several ways you can get in
12   Investment case                                     148 Consolidated income statement                          touch with us or follow our news.
14   Chair’s statement                                   149 Consolidated statement of
                                                                                                                           www.taylorwimpey.co.uk/corporate
17   Group Management Team Q&A                               comprehensive income
18   UK market review                                    150 Consolidated balance sheet                                    www.twitter.com/taylorwimpeyplc
22   Chief Executive’s letter                            151 Consolidated statement of
                                                             changes in equity                                             www.linkedin.com/company/taylor-wimpey
24   Our strategy and
     key performance indicators                          152 Consolidated cash flow statement
30   Our business model                                  153 Notes to the consolidated
                                                             financial statements                                   Navigating this report
32   Making a difference for our stakeholders
                                                         183 Company balance sheet
44   Non-financial information statement                                                                            The icons below help to signpost where you
                                                         184 Company statement of changes                           can find more information.
45   Our approach to identifying and
                                                             in equity
     managing risk
                                                         185 Notes to the Company financial                               Read more
48   Our principal risks and uncertainties
                                                             statements
54   Group financial review                                                                                               Key performance indicators
                                                         189 Particulars of subsidiaries, associates
Directors’ report: governance                                and joint ventures                                           Link to remuneration
60  Corporate Governance                                 191 Five year review
                                                                                                                          Link to our stakeholders
64  Q&A with Irene Dorner, Chair-designate               Shareholder information
66  Board Leadership and                                                                                            BM    Link to our business model
                                                         192 Notice of Annual General Meeting
    Company Purpose
                                                         195 Notes to the notice of Annual                                Link to our strategic goals
82 Division of Responsibilities                              General Meeting
86 Composition, Succession                                                                                          PR    Link to our Principal Risks
                                                         199 Shareholder facilities
    and Evaluation
                                                                                                                    MI    Link to material issues
98 Audit, Risk and Internal Control
106 Remuneration                                                                                                    SR    Link to our Sustainability Report
132 Statutory, regulatory and
    other information




  We participate in various benchmarks and have been awarded a number of industry accreditations
  We are a constituent of the Dow Jones Sustainability Europe Index and the FTSE4Good Index series, the leading responsible
  investment indices. We participate in the CDP Climate report and received a score of B in 2019 and in CDP Water, scoring B.
  We also participate in CDP Forests, disclosing our approach to timber sourcing. We received a C rating.




  On the front cover is Rebecca Bowker, Project Manager for our Oxfordshire business unit, pictured at Great Western Park, Didcot.
  The Taylor Wimpey difference                                        Strategic report


  At Taylor Wimpey, we are a different kind of homebuilder.
  We aim to deliver our strategy in a way that makes a positive
  contribution to all stakeholders, particularly our employees,
  the communities we operate in and the environment. This will
  help build a sustainable advantage and deliver leading
  financial returns with strong and reliable cashflows through:
  1. Our strong culture and values ​
  2. A renewed focus on sustainability
  3. A well invested, quality landbank and
     strong balance sheet​
  4. Growth at the right time in the cycle
  5. Cash generation, enabling significant
     and reliable returns to shareholders




www.taylorwimpey.co.uk                                           1
     THE TAYLOR WIMPEY DIFFERENCE



     1. Our strong culture
        and values
     We have a culture embedded throughout the business of
     ‘doing the right thing’. Our reputation is important to us and
     we will not compromise the character of the business. This is
     increasingly important in a politically sensitive industry and with
     increased scrutiny and customer expectations.


    “We have diverse and hardworking
     people at Taylor Wimpey who are
     committed to doing the right thing by
     the business and our customers; it’s
     what I have enjoyed most about
     working here.”


     Novraj Sidhu, Managing Director




     Our values empower
     us to do the right thing




                                Do the
                              right thing




         Read more on pages 23 and 71           Read more on pages 30 to 31




2     Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
                                 Strategic report




   www.taylorwimpey.co.uk   3
4   Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
                                                                                   Strategic report
     THE TAYLOR WIMPEY DIFFERENCE



     2. A renewed focus on
        sustainability
     Whilst short term performance is important, we run the business for
     the long term. This underpins our approach to the investments into
     build quality and in developing our people. We also need to be
     prepared to respond to changes in our regulatory environment and
     want to play our part in tackling climate change. In an industry with a
     well-known skills shortage we see a long term benefit in our
     apprentice and direct labour programmes.

    “I was thrilled to receive a coveted
     NHBC Pride in the Job Regional
     Award in 2019. It’s testament to
     all the hard work that has been
     put in by everyone on site and I for
     one am very proud of what we
     have achieved in raising the
     standards and quality of the
     homes we build.”



     Dean Chinsky, Project Manager
     SR   Read more in our 2019 Sustainability Report




                                                  www.taylorwimpey.co.uk      5
6   Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
                                                                                Strategic report




     THE TAYLOR WIMPEY DIFFERENCE



     3. A well invested, quality
        landbank and strong
        balance sheet​
     Our high-quality landbank remains a key competitive advantage
     and an important driver of value as it enables us to build and sell
     the right product, create the right community and deliver the right
     service to our customers. We have an excellent short term landbank
     and strategic land pipeline, as measured by scale, quality of
     location and embedded margin. This gives us flexibility and options.
     Together, with our strong and well capitalised balance sheet,
     this means we can be very resilient through the cycle.


    “One of the best parts of my job
     is completing and opening new
     infrastructure on a development,
     such as play areas and shops, which
     I know will make a huge difference
     to the local residents and help bring
     the place to life.”


     Rebecca Bowker, Project Manager
         Read more on page 27




                                                www.taylorwimpey.co.uk     7
8   Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
                                                                                      Strategic report
     THE TAYLOR WIMPEY DIFFERENCE



     4. Growth at the right time in
        the cycle
     We have the ability to grow, without compromising on quality
     or adding meaningful market risk at the right time in the cycle.
     Our factory approach to build can drive faster and more controlled
     growth which can be scaled up to deliver increases in volumes and
     cashflow on existing assets, depending on market conditions. Our
     differentiated approach to apprentices and direct labour provides us
     with a different kind of workforce that is flexible, high quality and part
     of the Taylor Wimpey culture, offering a route to high-quality growth.


    “We have our own dedicated
     apprentice area on site which has
     been great as we learn new skills.
     I have also become a qualified
     first-aider since starting with
     Taylor Wimpey. Eventually I would
     like to work my way up to become
     a Site Manager.”


     Louis Mist, Carpentry Apprentice
         Read more on page 28




                                                   www.taylorwimpey.co.uk        9
      THE TAYLOR WIMPEY DIFFERENCE



      5. Cash generation, enabling
         significant and reliable
         returns to shareholders
      We are a cash generative business and believe we can sustain this in
      times of market weakness, due to the strength of our balance sheet,
      the quality and length of our landbank and consequently the control
      we have over the timing of land investment. Our aim is to provide a
      reliable income stream to our shareholders.


     “Being the first person a customer
      meets on their homebuying
      journey is a real privilege. My first
      home was a Taylor Wimpey home
      and we just recently moved up
      into our second! It’s given me a
      great insight into how and why
      customer experience matters so
      much, as a customer, employee
      and as a shareholder.”


      Melissa Preston, Sales Executive
          Read more on pages 40 and 41        Read more on page 24




10     Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
                                  Strategic report




   www.taylorwimpey.co.uk   11
Investment case



The Taylor Wimpey difference
Our Company purpose is to deliver new homes within thriving communities, in a safe and environmentally
responsible manner, with customers at the heart of our decision making and consideration of the potential
impact on wider stakeholders.
We aim to deliver our strategy in a way that makes a positive contribution to all stakeholders, particularly our
employees, the communities we operate in and the environment. This will help build a sustainable advantage
and deliver leading financial returns with strong and reliable cashflows through:



                                 1. Our strong culture and values
                                 We have a culture embedded throughout the business of ‘doing the right thing’. Our reputation is important to us
                                 and we will not compromise the character of the business. This is increasingly important in a politically sensitive
                                 industry and with increased scrutiny and customer expectations.




                                 2. A renewed focus on sustainability
                                 Whilst short term performance is important, we run the business for the long term. This underpins our approach to
                                 the investments into build quality and in developing our people. We also need to be prepared to respond to
                                 changes in our regulatory environment and want to play our part in tackling climate change. In an industry with a
                                 well-known skills shortage we see a long term benefit in our apprentice and direct labour programmes.




                                 3. A well invested, quality landbank and strong
                                 balance sheet
                                 Our high-quality landbank remains a key competitive advantage and an important driver of value as it enables us
                                 to build and sell the right product, create the right community and deliver the right service to our customers. We
                                 have an excellent short term landbank and strategic land pipeline, as measured by scale, quality of location and
                                 embedded margin. This gives us flexibility and options. Together, with our strong and well capitalised balance
                                 sheet, this means we can be very resilient through the cycle.​


                                 4. Growth at the right time in the cycle
                                 We have the ability to grow, without compromising on quality or adding meaningful market risk at the right time in
                                 the cycle. Whilst volumes for 2020 are expected to be slightly down on 2019, our factory approach to build can
                                 drive faster and more controlled growth which can be scaled up to deliver increases in volumes and cashflow on
                                 existing assets, depending on market conditions. Our differentiated approach to apprentices and direct labour
                                 provides us with a different kind of workforce that is flexible, high quality and part of the Taylor Wimpey culture,
                                 offering a route to high-quality growth.


                                 5. Cash generation, enabling significant and reliable
                                 returns to shareholders
                                 We are a cash generative business and believe we can sustain this in times of market weakness, due to the
                                 strength of our balance sheet, the quality and length of our landbank and consequently the control we have over
                                 the timing of land investment. Our aim is to provide a reliable income stream to our shareholders.




12   Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
                                                                                                                                                                                      Strategic report
                                                                                                                          Our approach to
                                                                                                                          paying dividends
                                                                                                                          Subject to shareholder approval each year,
                                                                                                                          the Company will pay an ordinary dividend of
                                                                                                                          approximately 7.5% of Group net assets, which
​                                                                                                                         will be at least £250 million per annum. This is
                                                                                                                          intended to provide a reliable minimum annual
                                                                                                                          return to shareholders throughout the cycle,
                                                                                                                          including through a ‘normal downturn’, and will be
                                                                                                                          paid equally as a final dividend (in May) and as an
                                                                                                                          interim dividend (in November). This Ordinary
                                                                                                                          Dividend Policy was subject to prudent and
                                                                                                                          comprehensive stress testing against various
                                                                                                                          downside scenarios, which also included a
                                                                                                                          reduction of 20% in average selling prices and a
                                                                                                                          30% reduction in volumes.
                                                                                                                          The payment of ordinary dividends will continue to
                                                                                                                          be supplemented by additional significant special
We have been named            Employee                      Health and Safety Annual           Voluntary                  dividends at appropriate times in the cycle. Our
in the top 50 places          engagement                    Injury Incidence Rate              employee                   Special Dividend Policy will pay out to shareholders
to work in the UK for         rate                          (per 100,000 employees             turnover                   the free cash generated by the Group after land
2020, by Glassdoor,                                         and contractors)                                              investment, all working capital, taxation and other
as voted for by
                              93%                           156                                12.9%
                                                                                                                          cash requirements of the business in executing
employees for the                                                                                                         our strategy in the medium term, and once the
third consecutive year                                                                                                    Group’s ordinary dividends have been met. We
                                                            2018: 228                          2018: 14.5%
                                                                                                                          have paid a special dividend in each of the last six
                                                                                                                          years. Over the past six years we have paid a
                                                                                                                          total of £2.3 billion in ordinary and special
                                                                                                                          dividends to our shareholders.
We are a member of            Construction                  Number of people                 Directly employed
the NextGeneration            Quality Review                recruited into early             key trades, including        As previously announced, subject to shareholder
benchmark and were            score                         talent programmes                trade apprentices            approval at the 2020 AGM scheduled for 23 April
                                                                                                                          2020, we intend to pay a minimum ordinary
                              4.13                          116                              1,169
awarded Silver
in 2019                                                                                                                   dividend of £250 million per annum (c.7.6 pence)
                                                                                                                          (2019: £250 million) and c.£360 million
                              2018: 3.93                    2018: 175                        2018: 748
                                                                                                                          (10.99 pence) to shareholders in July 2020 by
                                                                                                                          way of a special dividend (2019: £350 million).
                                                                                                                          Accordingly, subject to shareholder approval,
                                                                                                                          in 2020 shareholders will receive a total dividend
                                                                                                                          of c.£610 million (c.18.6 pence per share).
Strategic land                Land cost as a %              Short term                       % of completions
pipeline –                    of average selling            landbank –                       from strategically
potential plots               price on approvals            plots                            sourced land

c.140k                        16.2%                         c.76k                            56%                          2019 paid to shareholders
2018: c.127k                  2018: 19.2%                   2018: c.76k                      2018: 58%                    Annual ordinary           Special
                                                                                                                          dividend                  dividend

                                                                                                                          £249.8m                   £349.9m
Net private sales rate        Orderbook                     Private legal                    Landbank
                                                                                                                          Total dividends
per outlet per week           value                         completions per outlet           years

0.96
2018: 0.80
                              £2,176m 48.2
                              2018: £1,782m                 2018: 41.8
                                                                                             c.4.8
                                                                                             2018: c.5.1                  £599.7m
                                                                                                                          2020 subject to
                                                                                                                          shareholder approval
Return on net                 Cash                          Net cash‡
operating assets**            conversion‡‡                                                                                Annual ordinary           Special

31.4%                         82.6%                         £545.7m                                                       dividend

                                                                                                                          c.£250m
                                                                                                                                                    dividend

                                                                                                                                                    c.£360m
2018: 33.4%                   2018: 92.6%                   2018: £644.1m


                                                                                                                          Total dividends

    Definitions and reconciliations of our Alternative Performance Measures (APMs) to the equivalent statutory measures
    are included in Note 32 of the financial statements
    Read more about our stakeholders on pages 32 to 43

SR Read more in our 2019 Sustainability Report
                                                                                                                          c.£610m
www.taylorwimpey.co.uk                                                                                                                                                          13
Chair’s statement



                                                                                                      Reflecting on
                                                                                                      my time as
                                                                                                      Chair of Taylor
                                                                                                      Wimpey
                                                                                                      To quote a much more well-known Chair, Bill Gates:
                                                                                                      “We always overestimate the change that will occur in the next
                                                                                                      two years and underestimate the change that will occur in the
                                                                                                      next ten.” This is my final Annual Report as your Chair, having
                                                                                                      served since 2010, before standing down from the Board in
                                                                                                      February 2020. As I look back on my time with Taylor Wimpey,
                                                                                                      it has been an enormous privilege to be your Chair, and it is
                                                                                                      with great pride in all that our employees have achieved and
                                                                                                      how far we have come as a business over the past 10 years.

                                                                                                      2019 in review
                                                                                                      Turning first to 2019, the UK housing market remained
                                                                                                      resilient through the year, continuing to benefit from strong
                                                                                                      underlying demand, low interest rates, a competitive
                                                                                                      mortgage market and the Government’s Help to Buy scheme.
                                                                                                      During the year, driven by our strategy, we achieved another
                                                                                                      sector-leading sales rate, importantly, while also increasing
                                                                                                      the quality of our homes. There can be no doubt that 2019
                                                                                                      saw heightened political and economic uncertainty, and we
                                                                                                      saw some signs of increasing caution in the market in the
                                                                                                      second half of the year, particularly in London and the South
                                                                                                      East and at the higher price points. Your Board is constantly
                                                                                                      monitoring the implications that economic and political
                                                                                                      changes may have on our business and you can find more
                                                                                                      information about this on pages 18 to 21 and 45 to 53.

                                                                                                      Taylor Wimpey 2019 financial performance
                                                                                                      During the year we completed 15,719 new homes across the
                                                                                                      UK (2018: 14,933) including joint ventures, an increase of
                                                                                                      5.3%. Group operating profit* reduced to £850.5 million
                                                                                                      (2018: £880.2 million), as we experienced some margin
                                                                                                      pressure as house price inflation remained flat and build cost
                                                                                                      inflation increased. Cost discipline has been a priority this year
                                                                                                      and this will be an ongoing major focus for our teams in 2020.




     Key milestones since 2010                                                                                                                   2014
                                                                                        2012                                                     Maintenance / ordinary dividend
                                                                                        Founding partner with                                    pay-out doubled to 2% of net assets.
                                                                                        Centrepoint in the national
                  2010                                                                  movement End Youth
                                                                                                                                                 Began additional special dividend
                  Completed the early refinancing                                                                                                payments (£50m in 2014 rising to
                                                                                        Homelessness.                                            £350m for the 2019 special
                  of existing debt facilities.
                                                                                                                                                 dividend payment).




                                          2011
                                          Launched first Group strategy.
                                          Sale of North American business to become a                                 2013
                                          UK focused housebuilder.                                                    Launched first
                                                                                                                      Sustainability Strategy.



14     Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
                                                                                                                                                                            Strategic report
                        More information on our financial performance can be                    important, we see no level of injury as acceptable on
“It is only             found in the Group financial review on pages 54 to 58.                  our sites, so whilst accidents occur, we will always
 possible to            When assessing our performance, we also place importance                continue to learn lessons and prioritise improvements in
 deliver our            on a wider number of operational measures (our key performance          our operating practices.
                        indicators) that reflect the priorities of our strategy, as outlined
 strategy with          on pages 25 to 29. I would however, like to draw your                   Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)
 highly engaged,        attention to one of these here, which is our targeted                   We are widely recognised as being a responsible company
 talented               investment in apprentices as a route to an increased direct             with strong governance which makes a substantial social
 employees.”            labour workforce, in the midst of a wider industry shortage.            contribution. However, we recognise that we can, and
                        I am pleased to say we now employ over 630 apprentices                  should, challenge ourselves to make further positive impacts
                        and whilst this is a net cost borne by the business in the short        on environmental issues which impact our stakeholders. The
                        term, it is an important and meaningful investment in our future.       roll out of our environmental strategy is a focus for 2020
                        We remain a cash generative business and we were very pleased           which will formalise the work we have ongoing in the business
                        to be able to increase dividends paid to shareholders to                and go further in committing to more ambitious targets in key
                        £599.7 million in 2019, a new record for Taylor Wimpey.                 areas such as biodiversity and continuing to reduce our
                        At the half year, we confirmed our intention to pay a 2020              carbon footprint. We plan to develop a science-based carbon
                        special dividend of c.£360 million, in addition to the ordinary         reduction target by the end of 2020. You can read more
                        dividend of c.£250 million – paid equally as a final dividend           about our approach to sustainability throughout this report
                        (in May) and as an interim dividend (in November).                      and in our 2019 Sustainability Report.
                        Shareholders will therefore receive a total of c.£610 million           The Board is focused on delivering results in the right way and
                        in dividends in 2020, subject to shareholder approval.                  in the interest of all stakeholders and we remain committed to
                        Details of our resolutions for the 2020 Annual General Meeting          having the strongest possible governance. I am pleased that
                        (AGM) can be found on pages 192 and 193.                                we received strong backing from our shareholders at last
                                                                                                year’s AGM in respect of all resolutions. We continue to
                        Customers at the forefront                                              engage with our shareholders and other stakeholders on
                        We continue to believe that by identifying and better responding        important ESG issues and with respect to the proposed new
                        to our customers’ needs, we will have a higher quality and more         three-year Remuneration Policy to be put to shareholders at
                        sustainable business. Our customers have told us that there             the 2020 AGM. More information can be found on pages 77
                        are three key areas which are priorities for them (set out on           to 81.
                        page 34) and on which we are focused. We believe that the
                                                                                                In a wider governance sense, we were delighted that our
                        best way of measuring customer satisfaction is across a basket
                                                                                                2018 Annual Report and Accounts and 2018 Sustainability
                        of measures (set out on pages 25 and 26), and we are delighted,
                                                                                                Report were shortlisted for numerous awards and we were
                        as I mentioned previously, that the quality of our homes
                                                                                                very pleased to win The Chartered Governance Institute’s
                        improved in 2019 and we lead the volume housebuilders,
                                                                                                (ICSA’s) Annual Report of the Year (FTSE 100).
                        according to the independent National House-Building
                        Council (NHBC) Construction Quality Review (CQR) measure.
                                                                                                Taylor Wimpey employees and values
                        However, it is disappointing to us all that the 8-week ‘would
                        you recommend’ score in the Home Builders Federation                    It is only possible to deliver our strategic objectives with highly
                        (HBF) survey dipped just below the 90% level to 89.4% in                engaged, talented employees. We are a business that believes
                        2019. This is important and so we are pleased that recent               in doing the right thing and this is demonstrated daily by our
                        performance is back above 90% and at a five-star level.                 teams. This year we ran an internal campaign to re-launch our
                                                                                                Company values of ‘Do the right thing’, ‘Respectful and fair’,
                        Health and safety                                                       ‘Take responsibility’, ‘Be proud’ and ‘Better tomorrow’.
                                                                                                These are values that already exist in abundance within Taylor
                        Health and safety continues to be our non-negotiable,
                                                                                                Wimpey, but with a new simplified message we invited our
                        number one priority and forms part of every single Board
                                                                                                employees to share what the values mean to them. We had a
                        meeting throughout the business. This year’s Annual Injury
                                                                                                huge response from employees and have shared some of
                        Incidence Rate per 100,000 employees and contractors was
                                                                                                their comments at the start of our Annual Report and
                        156 (2018: 228), which was well below the HBF Home
                                                                                                Accounts to show ‘the Taylor Wimpey difference’.
                        Builder Average and the Health and Safety Executive
                        Construction Industry Average. Although benchmarking is




                          2016                                                   2018
                          First time over 50%                                    Set out new customer-focused strategy.
                          of our completions for                                 Announced an enhanced Dividend Policy, paying an ordinary
                          the year were sourced                                  dividend of at least £250 million per annum (approximately
                          from the strategic pipeline.                           7.5% of net assets), supplemented by special dividends at
                                                                                 appropriate times in the cycle.




           2015                                                      2017                                         2019
           Launched the roll out of a                                Implemented a direct                         98% of employees believe Taylor Wimpey takes Health
           new customer approach                                     labour pilot involving                       & Safety in the workplace seriously, as measured by the
           across the business with a                                six business units.                          employee engagement survey.
           focus on three main areas:                                                                             Now employ over 630 key trade apprentices.
           culture, structure and process.
                                                                                                                  Increased UK completions excluding joint ventures
                                                                                                                  by 56% since 2010.
                                                                                                                  Named in the top 50 places to work in the UK
                                                                                                                  for 2020, by Glassdoor, as voted by employees.       15
 Chair’s statement continued


                        Diversity and inclusivity continues to be a major focus but there   In 2010, we were emerging from the worst recession since
                        is of course lots still to do in this area (please see page 62).    the Great Depression of the 1930s while reshaping and
                        I am however pleased that our efforts in this regard have been      restructuring the business and balance sheet, post the 2007
                        recognised by the Financial Times which identified us as a          George Wimpey / Taylor Woodrow merger, from significant
                        Diversity Leader for 2020. At the point I stand down from the       year end net debt of over £1.5 billion in 2008, to the strong
                        Board on 26 February 2020, I am pleased to report that              balance sheet we have now with over £545 million of net cash
                        female representation on our Board will become 56%.                 even after paying nearly £600 million in dividends to
                        Furthermore, our senior executive Group Management Team             shareholders in 2019.
                        (GMT) is 44% female.
                                                                                            During my tenure, we have built 126,435 homes in the UK,
                                                                                            increasing annual completions by 56% from 9,927 in 2010 to
                        Board changes                                                       15,520 in 2019, grown profitability to over 2.5 times 2010
                        In December we were delighted to appoint Irene Dorner as            levels and built an excellent short term landbank of c.76k
                        an Independent Non Executive Director and Chair-designate,          plots with a further c.140k potential plots in the strategic
                        assuming the position of Chair on 26 February 2020. Irene           pipeline, located in high quality locations. We also sold our
                        brings a wealth of financial and other commercial experience        businesses in North America in 2011 for almost $1 billion to
                        from both executive and independent non executive roles.            simplify the Group and become a UK-focused business.
                        In her capacity as the new Chair, I am confident that Irene will    We continue to be a very significant local employer in the UK,
                        provide the strong leadership required to oversee the future        employing, on average, 5,796 people in 2019, and providing
                        success of Taylor Wimpey. In October we also welcomed               opportunities for a further 14.6k operatives on our sites.
                        Robert Noel as an Independent Non Executive Director.               Over the past six years we have paid a total of £2.3 billion
                        Rob has over 30 years experience in the property sector             in ordinary and special dividends to our shareholders.
                        and brings a deep understanding of the fundamentals of
                                                                                            However, as ever, the numbers only tell part of the story,
                        the markets we operate in.
                                                                                            they do not fully reflect the progress made, including the
                        In November, we were also delighted to appoint Alice                major shifts in improving the quality of our homes and landbank,
                        Marsden as Group General Counsel and Company Secretary.             and in our approach to customer service and the progressive
                        Alice brings with her substantial legal, commercial and             and very special culture we have here at Taylor Wimpey.
                        regulatory experience and is a member of the GMT. James
                                                                                            I would like to end by thanking you, our shareholders, for your
                        Jordan stood down from the Board on 31 December 2019
                                                                                            support over the years, and every single Taylor Wimpey
“It has been my         after 17 years of dedicated service. On behalf of the Board I
                                                                                            employee, for your contribution this year, but also to add a very
                        would like to thank James for his outstanding contribution
 pleasure and                                                                               personal thank you from me for all of your support and hard
                        and exceptional commitment and dedication to the Company
 privilege to work                                                                          work in my almost 10 years at Taylor Wimpey. As a business,
                        and for his wisdom and counsel to myself as Chair. We all
                                                                                            we know we are not perfect, but as I said earlier it has been my
 for a company,         wish him a very long and happy retirement.
                                                                                            pleasure and privilege to work for a company, and with
 and with                                                                                   colleagues, who have a reputation for doing the right thing.
 colleagues,            Taylor Wimpey in 2019 and beyond                                    With Irene taking over as Chair, I know I leave you in very good
 who have a             I usually find it nearly impossible to keep this statement to a     and capable hands. I am confident that Taylor Wimpey will
                        few short pages, never mind to attempt to encapsulate years         weather the challenges of the new decade and beyond and will
 reputation             in a few paragraphs. It strikes me that today we operate            continue to prosper, with a strong purpose and financial base,
 for doing the          in a dramatically different industry, country and even world        and excellent teams operating throughout the business.
 right thing.”          compared to that of 2010, the start of my tenure as your Chair.




                                                                                            Kevin Beeston
                                                                                            Chair




        NEW CHAIR-DESIGNATE

                                          Firstly, I know all will join me in congratulating Kevin on his great stewardship
                                          since 2010 as well as wishing him the very best in his future endeavours.
                                          Throughout my career in financial services, I have found that businesses
                                          function best when tone from the top is echoed throughout the business and
                                          there is a high degree of personal responsibility. I have only been with the
                                          business for a short time, but I am delighted to see that Taylor Wimpey
                                          management and employees go out of their way to take responsibility, which
                                          is extremely encouraging and reassuring for an incoming Chair.
                                          Employee relations are increasingly important and something that I am
                                          passionate about and so it is encouraging to see that dialogue between
                                          employee representatives and the Board, and engagement levels across
                                          the business, are very healthy. I am very much looking forward to
      Irene Dorner
                                          continuing my visits around the business in 2020 and meeting more of the
      Chair-designate
                                          team out on site as I learn about the business. I look forward to the
                                          opportunity to meet many of you, our shareholders, at our AGM in April.




 16     Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
Group Management Team Q&A



Energised for the year ahead
                                                                                                                                                               Strategic report


Group                       Q What are the key priorities for 2020?                          Q What are your key employee challenges?
Management                  A JD In 2019, our teams achieved an industry-leading             A ABR You will see employee quotes throughout this report
Team                          sales rate, delivering a 5% increase in home completions         taken from responses to our 2019 values campaign, and
Pete Redfern                  whilst at the same time improving quality, no mean feat.         they show we are fortunate to have a motivated and
Chief Executive               They have been busy implementing several initiatives over        engaged workforce. Our 2019 employee engagement
                              the past three years so, in 2020, our priority is embedding      survey was very positive, and Glassdoor identifies us as
Chris Carney
Group Finance Director        these improvements across the business. That said, one           one of the UK’s top 50 places to work for a third
                              of our values is ‘better tomorrow’ so the Board has set a        successive year (as voted for by our employees).
Jennie Daly
                              manageable number of new priorities for 2020. These are:         Retaining our talent is always a focus and we are
Group Operations
                              increased focus on costs and process simplification,             committed to training and personal development plans to
Director
                              supporting our apprentice and direct labour programmes,          help everyone reach their potential and continue to
Alice Marsden                 outlining our environmental strategy and work on smoothing       advance initiatives to improve diversity and inclusivity (see
Group General Counsel         the completions profile to prevent bottlenecks and               our online Gender Pay Gap Report). Developing our pool
and Company                   improve our customers’ experience. We will also work on          of directly employed key trades is a key priority for 2020
Secretary
                              specific medium term planning to deal with life post-Help        to build in flexibility and establish a workforce with a
Anne Billson-Ross             to Buy and really test and challenge the cost base and           customer focus and Taylor Wimpey values. As an industry
Group Human                   specification of our new house type range, before we roll        leader in developing new trade apprentices, it is vital we
Resources Director            it out to our businesses and for our customers.                  have the supporting structures and teams of experienced
Nigel Holland                                                                                  colleagues in place to support them once they qualify.
Divisional Chair, Central   Q In an improved land market, what are the
and South West                                                                               Q What is your response to climate change?
                               benefits of a large strategic land pipeline?
Daniel McGowan                                                                               A LB We acknowledge the serious threat posed by climate
                            A DM Under certain conditions in the cycle, strategic land
Divisional Chair, North                                                                        change and biodiversity loss and the need for urgent
                              can provide a margin advantage but the benefits of a
Ingrid Osborne                large pipeline are broader. We have a record strategic           action. The development of our environmental strategy
Divisional Chair, London      pipeline of c.140k potential plots in areas we believe           and introduction of a science-based carbon reduction
and South East                customers want to live. We have an excellent track record        target by the end of 2020 is about formalising the good
Lee Bishop                    of converting these plots through the planning system,           practices put in place throughout the business by our site
Major Developments            and for several years over half of our completions have          teams and Sustainability Champions. We are pleased to
Director                      been through strategic land. Therefore, the key benefits of      have reduced our direct emissions intensity by 43% since
                              our strategic pipeline are the advantage it gives us when        2013 and are on track for our targeted 50% reduction by
                              planning our business and the significant competitive            2023. We have also achieved an absolute reduction in
                              advantage of having exclusive opportunities to develop in        emissions of 19% since 2013, even with a 42% increase
     Read more
                              locations where our customers want to live, close to local       in completed floor area. Taking action on the environment
     about our GMT at
                              economies and amenities, supported by good                       helps us to create better places to live for our customers
     www.taylorwimpey.
                              transportation links. Strategically, good visibility of land     and strengthens our relationships with employees and
     co.uk/corporate
                              coming through our pipeline enables us to plan great,            other stakeholders. It also reduces costs and risks to the
                              sustainable places to live, maintaining strong buying            business, with climate change and biodiversity identified
                              discipline and so protecting our margin.                         as key risks and monitored by the Board.

                            Q How will you manage market uncertainty?                        Q Are large sites still important?
                            A IO Monitoring market conditions is a constant focus. As        A NH Our ‘strategy for larger sites’ should not be confused
                              well as our live internal operating information, the GMT         with us having a ‘large site strategy’ (prioritising larger
                              closely monitors market conditions across a range of             sites over all others), we need a mix of site sizes for our
                              metrics including market transactions, house pricing,            planning and to better react to changing market
                              materials pricing, affordability, planning permissions and       circumstances. Large sites, where we generally operate
                              land transactions. We are cautiously run with a strong           from an earlier stage, offer us a great opportunity to
                              balance sheet. We have built robustness and flexibility into     shape and improve placemaking (design, facilities,
                              our 24 regional businesses and are well positioned for all       biodiversity, landscaping) which is a key part of helping
                              market conditions. Our Principal Risks (outlined on page         our customers develop new communities, a key focus for
                              48) are closely monitored and discussed at Board and             the Group. Sites such as Great Western Park (Didcot) and
                              GMT meetings. This year we have refreshed our                    Somerdale (Keynsham) are excellent examples of what is
                              approach to explaining risks in a way which we hope is           possible in terms of creating attractive green spaces and
                              more helpful to our stakeholders.                                excellent community facilities.




                                                                                                                                                         17
UK market review



Our place                                                             Key customer drivers
                                                                      The key drivers of our market; house prices, inflation and interest rates,


in the housing
                                                                      mortgage affordability and availability, and employment and consumer
                                                                      confidence, are interlinked. The minimum deposit requirements of
                                                                      mortgage providers plays a key role in our customers’ ability to access



market
                                                                      home ownership, particularly in the case of first time buyers. For this
                                                                      reason, the Help to Buy scheme has been important for the sector.
                                                                      For those able to achieve the necessary deposit to buy a home,
                                                                      affordability is good. Current low interest rates and widespread availability
                                                                      of mortgages at competitive rates mean that, on average, today’s new
                                                                      owners can expect to pay a lower proportion of average household
To understand how our market impacts our                              income towards their mortgage than they would have back in 1984 (see
operations we start by considering our place                          chart on page 19).
in the wider housing market. We completed
15.7k homes this year and are one of the                                Interest rates                           Mortgage availability
UK’s largest homebuilders.
                                                                        Impacts                                  Impacts
To put that in context, UK new build transactions for the year to
                                                                        –– Affordability (mortgage rates)        –– Credit availability for house
March 2019 were around 203k, putting our share of the new
                                                                                                                    purchases
homes market at around 8%. However, we are also part of a               Contributing factors
                                                                        –– Inflation                             –– Mandated deposit
much larger market which sees around 1.2m in annual housing
                                                                                                                    requirements of lenders
transactions of which around 83% relate to second hand or               –– Economic growth
existing housing. Being a small but important part of a much            –– Consumer confidence                   Contributing factors
larger market has clear implications for our strategy, particularly                                              –– Interest rates
                                                                        Medium term expectation
in terms of market positioning and pricing power.                                                                –– Liquidity of banks
                                                                        –– Remain low
                                                                                                                 –– Economy
In recent years the relative performance of second hand and new         –– Potential for modest
build transactions has diverged. The second hand market has                basis points moves in                 Medium term expectation
undergone a difficult period owing to political uncertainty,               either direction                      –– Remain low
particularly in higher priced areas such as London and the South        Long term expectation                    Long term factors
East where sales have been sluggish. Over the same time period          –– Dependent on UK economy               –– Dependent on UK economy
demand for new homes has been robust and we have grown our              –– Likely to rise steadily from
UK new home completions by 8% since 2017.                                  low base
This divergence is partly explained by the different customer
drivers impacting each market. Second hand house sales tend
to be more discretionary, as sellers, and some buyers already
own property and are often more willing to defer sales and
purchases than first time buyers, who may be adults living with
parents or those starting new families.
                                                                        Employment                               Help to Buy
In addition, the Help to Buy Equity Loan scheme introduced in
2013, which has assisted many buyers to access housing, is             Impacts                                   Impacts
only available for new build homes. Under the current scheme           –– Consumer confidence                    –– Affordability for homebuyers
the Government will lend up to 20% of the value of a new build         –– Wage growth
home via an equity loan (interest free for five years) to                                                        Contributing factors
homebuyers outside Greater London (40% within Greater                  Contributing factors                      –– Adaptability of lenders to
London) who are able to meet certain criteria, including raising a     –– UK economic performance                   provide alternative products
5% deposit.                                                            –– Business confidence
                                                                                                                 Medium term expectation
                                                                       Medium term expectation                   –– Price caps in place from 2021
                                                                       –– Record employment levels                  and restricted to first time
                                                                       –– Dependent on public and                   buyers with scheme to phase
                                                                          private investment outlook                out by 2023
                                                                       –– Dependent on inflation                 –– Potential market adjustments
                                                                                                                    as scheme ends
                              Total housing                            Long term expectation
                              completions 2018-2019                                                              –– Dependent on alternative
                                                                       –– Dependent on UK economy
                                                                                                                    financing options available

                              c.1.2m
                                                                       –– Dependent on impacts of trade
                                                                          deal with EU                           Long term factors
                                                                       –– Dependent on global economy            –– Dependent on UK economy
                              New build completions 2018-2019                                                    –– Structural undersupply should
                                                                                                                    underpin market demand

                              c.203k
Sources: HMRC, ONS.
                                                                      PR   Read more on pages 48 to 53



18      Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
                                                                                                                                                                                                 Strategic report
   Unsatisfied demand for homes
   For the medium to long term, demographic factors such as changes to                                              Our performance in 2019
   population and household formations and the rate of home ownership will                                          Despite wider macro-economic and political uncertainty, the UK new
   impact demand from our customers. The rate of home ownership has                                                 build housing market remained stable during 2019, albeit with more
   fallen from its peak in the early 2000s of c.70% to c.64% in 2018. This                                          challenging conditions in London and the South East and at higher
   reflects stretched affordability, and according to HSBC, the average age of                                      price points. Customer demand for new build homes continued to
   first time buyers in July 2019 was 33 and could rise to 40 in the next                                           be robust, underpinned by low interest rates, a wide choice of
   decade. This suggests that accessibility to home ownership remains an                                            mortgage products and the Government’s Help to Buy scheme.
   issue, something we are keen to address, and that underlying demand for                                          During the year, we saw good levels of demand throughout the
   housing overall is likely to continue to outpace supply for some years.                                          country, which converted into strong sales rates across the business.
   The home ownership rate in England                                                                               In 2019, total home completions increased by 5% to 15,719,
                     75                                                                                             including joint ventures (2018: 14,933). During 2019, we delivered
                                                                                                                    3,548 affordable homes (2018: 3,416), including joint ventures,
                                                                                                                    equating to 23% of total completions (2018: 23%). Average selling
                     70
                                                                                                                    prices on private completions increased by 1% to £305k (2018:
                                                                                                                    £302k), with the overall average selling price increasing to £269k
                     65                                                                                             (2018: £264k).
%
                                                                                                                    We estimate that market-led house price growth for our regional mix
                     60                                                                                             was c.1% in the 12 months to 31 December 2019 (2018: c.3%).
                                                                                                                    Our net private sales rate for 2019 remained strong at 0.96 homes
                     55                                                                                             per outlet per week (2018: 0.80). Consistent with our strategy to
                                                                                                                    optimise our large sites, and our long term approach to reducing
                                                                                                                    cyclical risk by maintaining a strong order book, we achieved a
                     50
                       1980                   1990              2000      2010         2019
                                                                                                                    strong sales rate of 0.92 in the second half of the year (H2 2018:
                                                             Year
                                                                                                                    0.76). Cancellation rates remained low at 15% (2018: 14%). First
                             Owner occupiers                                                                        time buyers accounted for 34% of total sales in 2019 (2018: 34%).
                                                                                                                    Investor sales continued to be at a low level of c.5% (2018: c.5%).
   Source: Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government.
                                                                                                                    Strong forward orders
   Affordability and mortgage availability
                                                                                                                    We ended 2019 with a record total order book valued at £2,176
   Homebuyers who are able to raise a deposit often find monthly mortgage                                           million as at 31 December 2019 (31 December 2018: £1,782
   costs lower than the alternative cost of rental for comparable properties                                        million), excluding joint ventures, which represents 9,725 homes
   (on average £666 per month versus £722 per month1). The relative cost                                            (31 December 2018: 8,304 homes). We traded from an average of
   of buying to renting depends on interest rates and, while there are no                                           250 outlets in 2019 (2018: 273) and enter 2020 with 240 outlets
   imminent signs of major rises, in the longer term we would expect interest                                       (31 December 2018: 256). As previously guided, we expect 2020
   rates to rise, albeit gradually and well signalled, from historic lows.                                          outlet numbers to be broadly similar to 2019.
   By other traditional metrics, affordability of housing, be it buying or renting is
   more stretched. The housing to average earnings ratio, important in determining                                  Help to Buy
   how much lending a mortgage company will provide, was 6.7 times in                                               During 2019, approximately 34% of total sales used the Help to Buy
   August 20192 having eased back, yet remained close to the 2007 peak.                                             scheme, and we worked with 5,693 households to take the first step
                                                                                                                    to home ownership or to move up the housing ladder (2018: 36%
   The UK Government led the Mortgage Market Review (MMR) in 2009
                                                                                                                    and 5,828). Approximately 76% of sales through Help to Buy in
   following the financial crisis. The MMR found prior instances of high-risk
                                                                                                                    2019 were to first time buyers (2018: 77%) at an average price of
   lending to people unable to afford their mortgages. New measures to
                                                                                                                    £277k (2018: £270k). During the year 30% of sales in the London
   regulate lending came into force in 2014 and stricter criteria impacted
                                                                                                                    market used Help to Buy London (2018: 29%).
   upon the ability for some people to gain access to housing. Overall
   availability of mortgage products remains healthy and UK mortgage                                                We welcome the Government’s announcement within the Autumn
   approvals for December 2019 were at their highest rate since 2015.                                               Budget 2018 to introduce tapering measures to the Help to Buy
   1. Sources: Halifax, BM Solutions, ONS.                                                                          scheme as the Equity Loan Scheme transitions to a close in 2023.
   2. Sources: Zoopla, ONS.                                                                                         Help to Buy has been popular with our customers and has
                                                                                                                    supported them in getting onto and moving up the housing ladder,
   UK first time buyers mortgage payments as a percentage                                                           however, we believe that the changes announced are appropriate
   of pay/interest rates                                                                                            and are in the best long term interests of the housing market
                     60                                                                      16                     and homebuyers.
                                                                                             14
                     50
                                                                                             12




% of take home pay
                     40



                                                                                                  Interest rate %
                                                                                             10

                     30                                                                      8

                                                                                             6
                     20
                                                                                             4
                     10
                                                                                             2

                      0                                                                      0
                          1983 1986 1989 1992 1995 1998 2001 2004 2007 2010 2013 2016 2019
                                                            Year
                            Interest rate %          % of take home pay
   Sources: Nationwide, Bank of England.
   www.taylorwimpey.co.uk                                                                                                                                                                  19
UK market review continued


Industry structural factors                                                           House price inflation

There are a number of structural factors that impact our industry. Structural                 250                                                                            40

factors are conditions that have built up over decades and may take many
more to resolve, such as the availability of skilled labour (e.g. a UK workforce              200
                                                                                                                                                                             30

aligned to other areas such as finance, the service sector, social sciences
and public and private sector administration) and a shortage of housing                                                                                                      20
                                                                                              150
supply (due to growing population, changing UK demographics, years of
underinvestment in housing). The land and planning environment has                    £’000                                                                                  10    %

structurally changed this cycle.                                                              100
                                                                                                                                                                             0

The housing market cycle                                                                       50
                                                                                                                                                                             -10
Despite structural undersupply, which underpins our long term prospects,
we continue to view the market as cyclical. Therefore, in our view, it is a
                                                                                                0                                                                            -20
question of when, not if, there is a period of market weakness.                                     1988                 1998                 2008                    2019
It is worth considering what has happened in previous cycles and what has                                                         Year
changed since then.                                                                                   Price £       Annual Change %
UK house prices rose by 34% and 74% in the four years leading up to the               Source: Nationwide.
1990 house price crash and the 2008 financial crisis. Over the last four years
prices have increased by around 15%, and this year, house price growth has            The land and planning environment is structurally different in this cycle due
been outstripped by wage inflation, a small positive for affordability.               to a generally good level of housing land availability, and is more balanced
                                                                                      and effective today than at any point over the last 30 years. We are
It isn’t possible to predict what will happen to price and the extent of any future   confident that, barring a fundamental change in Government policy,
correction, but it is reasonable to suggest that the last few years have not          this will continue to be the case for the foreseeable future.
replicated the ‘bubble’ characteristics that marked the end of previous cycles.
                                                                                      Given the strength of the landbank, and in light of the wider political and
                                                                                      economic uncertainty, during 2019 we took a precautionary view of land
Changing land environment
                                                                                      investment and acquired new land on broadly a replacement basis,
UK housebuilders are more than just builders, we invest in land and develop           maintaining our strong locational discipline and focus on strategic
it through a number of planning and regulatory stages. The time from land             land conversion.
purchase to sale of completed homes can vary from 1.5 years in the case
of short term land, with some form of planning for residential development,           More limited availability of land with planning under the old (pre NPPF)
to over 10 years in some cases for strategic land, without planning for               framework was a factor in the significant land price inflation, which
residential development.                                                              amplified the impact of previous downturns. This was particularly evident
                                                                                      during the housing market crash of the late 1980s and the housing crash
The land backdrop has seen marked changes in this cycle following the                 during the financial crisis of 2007-2009.
introduction of the 2012 National Planning Policy Framework (NPPF).
Subsequent updates to NPPF continue to confirm the importance of
housing delivery and supply through both the Local Plan process and the
five-year land supply balance.



  Housing availability                        Land and planning regime                        Regulatory backdrop                        Labour and materials

  Impacts                                     Impacts                                         Impacts                                    Impacts
  –– Supply and demand factors                –– Availability of land                         –– Ease of building                        –– Pace of build
  –– Rate of housebuilding                    –– Planning                                     –– Cost of building                        –– Availability of skilled labour
     in industry
                                              Contributing factors                            Contributing factors                       Contributing factors
  Contributing factors                        –– Time taken for planning decisions            –– Planning environment / reforms          –– Training our apprentices to
  –– Availability of labour and               –– Cost of planning obligations                 –– Health, safety and environment             offset skills shortage
     materials                                –– Viability of land                               (HSE) and quality requirements          –– UK construction levels
  –– Government intervention /                                                                                                           –– UK employment levels
                                              Medium term expectation                         Medium to long term factors
     planning backdrop
                                              –– Pressure on: minimum prices,                 –– Changes after consultations             Medium term expectation
  –– Land availability                                                                           on fire safety / access
                                                 options premium, cost caps                                                              –– Build cost inflation expected
  Medium term expectation                     –– Increasing focus on one-to-one               –– Energy, ventilation, electric              to be c.3% this year
  –– Shortfall against 300k                      opportunities through                           vehicle charging                        –– Future years depend on:
     Government target                           structured site searches                     –– Environmental Bill, including              industry output; EU trade deal;
  Long term factors                           –– Councils reporting climate                      Biodiversity Net Gain                      UK immigration policy
  –– Gradual easing of shortage                  emergency related delays                     –– Further devolution of planning          Long term factors
     but long term demand for                 Long term factors                               –– Social housing proposals                –– Depends on UK economy
     our product                              –– Policy dependent                             –– National Model Design Code              –– Dependent on education and
                                              –– Continued benign outlook                                                                   industry training

                                              BM   Read more on pages 30                                                                      Read more on pages 36
                                                   to 31                                                                                      to 37


PR   Read more on pages 48 to 53


20      Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
                                                                  Outlook
                                                                                                                                                          Strategic report
   Our performance in 2019
   Land market
   Our short term landbank stands at c.76k plots (2018:
   c.76k plots), which has been sourced using strict
   criteria, including location quality. 54% of this short
   term landbank has been strategically sourced (2018:
                                                                  Short term
   51%), since 2009.
                                                                  The easing in build cost pressures seen in late 2019 has been maintained,
   We currently have c.4.8 years of land supply at current        and we expect build cost inflation in 2020 to be around 3%. We are focused
   completion levels in towns, villages and cities where          on reducing underlying costs to mitigate future build cost inflation. This very
   customers aspire to live. During 2019 we acquired              clear focus on cost, simplification and value has been well received by the
   7,268 plots (2018: 8,841 plots).                               business, with employees engaged at every level. Volumes for 2020 are
   The average cost of land as a proportion of average            expected to be slightly lower and we will be targeting a slightly lower sales
   selling price within the short term owned landbank             rate as we focus on capturing value. We aim to maintain 2020 operating
   remains low at 14.9% (2018: 15.2%). The average                profit margin broadly in line with 2019. Operating profit margin in the first half
   selling price in the short term owned landbank in 2019         of the year will show pressure from 2019 build cost inflation and selling
   increased by 1.4% to £285k (2018: £281k).                      prices and long term investment in quality and business improvement, with
                                                                  margin improvement expected in the second half as cost initiatives improve
   A key strength of Taylor Wimpey is our strategic land
                                                                  performance. Margin remains a key priority for the Group and we have
   pipeline. This is an important input to the short term
                                                                  reconfirmed our medium term target to deliver operating profit margins of
   landbank and provides an enhanced supply of land
                                                                  c.21-22%, assuming market conditions remain stable.
   with greater control over the planning permissions we
   receive. We have one of the largest strategic pipelines        During a period of wider macro-economic uncertainty, the new build
   in the sector which stood at a record of c.140k                market has proved to be resilient and house prices have remained stable.
   potential plots as at 31 December 2019 (31 December            We remain supportive of Government plans to introduce an independent
   2018: c.127k potential plots). During 2019, we                 ombudsman service to the new build sector to provide impartial rulings
   converted a further c.8k plots from the strategic              on unresolved customer issues and to help raise standards in the
   pipeline to the short term landbank (2018: c.8k plots).        wider industry.
   We continue to seek new opportunities and added a              Whilst we recognise that the ongoing trade discussions with the European
   net 21.2k new potential plots to the strategic pipeline in     Union may create some volatility in sentiment in the housing market in the
   2019 (2018: 17.8k). In the year, 56% of our                    near term, we see the clearer political outlook as providing a longer period
   completions were sourced from the strategic pipeline           of stability for our customers. We are mindful of the changing regulatory
   (2018: 58%).                                                   environment for the sector in the short to medium term and will continue to
                                                                  monitor this closely to ensure we are able to respond.
Build cost                                                        In line with our strategy, as we continue to build a sustainable advantage,
Build cost inflation in 2019 was c.4.5% (2018: 3.5%).             we remain committed to investment in areas that will drive long term
As stated in November 2019, since the final quarter of 2019       benefits and future value for customers and investors, such as our
we have seen a softening in the cost pressures experienced        investment in apprentices, our direct labour recruitment and our strategy
earlier in 2019. At this stage, we anticipate lower overall       for large sites. We are also committed to further strengthening our
build cost inflation in 2020, though this is dependent on         environmental, social and governance (ESG) strategy and will set out
industry-wide production levels as well as house price            further ambitious targets in key areas such as biodiversity and continuing
inflation and expect build cost inflation of around 3%.           to reduce our carbon footprint, including developing a science-based
                                                                  carbon reduction target by the end of 2020.
Current trading to February 2020                                  We will continue our focus on cash generation, cost discipline and the
We have made a positive start to 2020 coming into the spring      financial returns of our business. We returned a record £599.7 million in
selling season and, with a clearer political outlook, customer    cash to shareholders in 2019 and have previously announced our intention
confidence has improved. The net private sales rate for the       to return a further c.£610 million this year, subject to shareholder approval.
year to date (w/e 23 February 2020) was 0.97 (2019: 0.99).
The underlying net private sales rate for the year to date, and   Medium to longer term
the equivalent period, excluding bulk deals, was 0.92 (2019:      As we look ahead, we see the removal of Help to Buy as a continued risk,
0.90). To date we have achieved selling price growth of           but having had visibility of, and time to plan for the changes, we consider it
c.1.5% against budget. As at 23 February 2020, we were            as one that can be managed.
c.49% forward sold for private completions for 2020 (2019:
                                                                  Whilst it is difficult to predict the longer term outlook, there will continue to be
47%), with a total order book value of £2,606 million (2019:
                                                                  strong demand for the homes we provide, given it is widely recognised there
£2,170 million), excluding joint ventures. This order book
                                                                  remains a supply and demand imbalance.
represents 10,901 homes (2019: 9,622). In Central London
c.84% of private completions for 2020 are forward sold, as at     Whilst market conditions have improved markedly since the great
23 February 2020 (2019: c.50%).                                   recession, we still believe we operate in a cyclical market and we must
                                                                  operate prudently to be ready to absorb changes in market conditions that
                                                                  may lead to a price or demand correction or present opportunities to buy
                                                                  land at attractive prices. For this reason, we have built flexibility into our
                                                                  sustainable operating model, underpinned by healthy cash generation and
                                                                  a strong balance sheet.

                                                                       Read more on pages 12 to 13



www.taylorwimpey.co.uk                                                                                                                              21
Chief Executive’s letter



                                                          Building a
                                                          sustainable
                                                          advantage​
                                                          In 2019, we completed 15,520 homes in the UK, excluding
                                                          joint ventures, a record for Taylor Wimpey, and achieved a
                                                          very strong sales rate of 0.96 sales per outlet per week, in line
                                                          with our strategy. We were particularly pleased to do that at
                                                          the same time as increasing build quality, as measured by the
                                                          independent NHBC Construction Quality Review (CQR).
                                                          This has been a key area of focus for Taylor Wimpey and
                                                          we are proud to lead the volume housebuilders in this
                                                          important measure.
                                                          However, 2019 has not been without its challenges. In fact,
                                                          I would say that, in many ways, it has been one of the
                                                          toughest we have faced in our recent past. In an environment
                                                          where the political and economic outlook has been uncertain,
                                                          sales prices have remained flat, but build cost inflation has
                                                          increased. During this time, we have also continued to invest
                                                          in processes and commit to areas that will benefit the long
                                                          term business, including a significant increase in apprentices.
                                                          We absolutely believe this is the right thing to do, but together
                                                          with the increasing cost pressure, there was an impact on
                                                          margins, reducing operating profit margin to 19.6%, down
                                                          from 21.6% in 2018. We will continue to embed the
                                                          improvements we have been making across the business,
                                                          but there is no doubt that we come into 2020 with a renewed
                                                          focus on cost discipline and process simplification.

                                                          Customers
                                                          Our customers have told us what matters to them: service,
                                                          delivery timing and finishing quality; underlying build quality
                                                          and consistency; and the creation of outstanding places and
                                                          communities, and we have listened. This very consistent
                                                          feedback has shaped what we do and what we invest in and
                                                          measure. As a management team, we track a basket of
                                                          measures relating to customer service, as no one measure
                                                          encompasses all aspects of a customer’s journey with us.
                                                          This includes the Home Builders Federation (HBF) 9-month
                                                          ‘would you recommend’ customer service score and the
                                                          CQR score, which has continued to improve but, as
 Total dividend paid in 2019                              measured by the HBF 8-week ‘would you recommend’


 £599.7m
                                                          customer score, we have dipped to a four-star builder in 2019
                                                          (down from a five-star in 2018). The cut-off for five-star is 90%
                                                          recommendation and we achieved 89.4%. Whilst we missed
 2018: £499.5m                                            this by a very small amount, we have to be honest with
                                                          ourselves that this isn’t good enough, and having put a lot of
 Return on net operating assets                           time and resource into improving our customers’ experience,
 in 2019
                                                          we are disappointed. We are aiming to achieve the five-star

 31.4%
 2018: 33.4%
                                                          rating, year after year and are pleased to be back operating at
                                                          above 90% levels of customer satisfaction once again, as
                                                          measured by recent surveys. As I said though, it’s not just
                                                          about one measure, and so we will be aiming to increase our
 Net private sales rate per                               9-month customer service score to 80% and continue to
 outlet per week in 2019                                  deliver quality homes measured by a CQR score of at least


 0.96
                                                          four in each of our regional businesses.


 2018: 0.80



22    Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
                                                                                                                                   Strategic report
Sustainability                                                           OUR PRIORITIES FOR 2020
By integrating sustainability into the way we work, we firmly
                                                                     –– Cost and simplification focus
believe that we create a stronger business for the long term
and generate more value for our customers, communities,              –– Apprentice and direct labour programmes
people, shareholders and suppliers. Our separate Sustainability      –– Continuing to plan for the reduction and removal of
Report (which can be found on our website) sets out what we             Help to Buy
do in this area, but you will also see examples of this all the      –– Smoothing (e.g. delivering a more even profile of
way through this report. Our commitment to sustainability is            completions through the year)
one of the ways we live our values (which we set out in more         –– New house type range
detail on page 2): taking responsibility for our impacts; treating   –– Customer service
our customers and stakeholders fairly; building communities          –– Focus on value
we can be proud of; and contributing to a better tomorrow
                                                                     –– Environmental strategy
through our efforts to protect the environment. Environmental,
social and governance (ESG) has always been an important
part of working for Taylor Wimpey, and the social and
governance aspects of the framework are very much seen as
‘business as usual’ by our teams, including our contributions
and involvement in local communities, but in the area of the
environment we can and should be doing more. The roll out
of our environmental strategy is a focus for 2020, which will
formalise the work we have ongoing in the business and go
further in committing to more ambitious targets in key areas
such as biodiversity and continuing to reduce our carbon
footprint. We also plan to develop a science-based carbon
reduction target by the end of 2020.

Health and safety
Health and safety is a shared responsibility in our business.
Whilst cost and process simplification is a key priority for our
business in 2020, health and safety is not an area that we are
prepared to compromise on. We are pleased that our Annual
Injury Incidence Rate (per 100,000 employees and contractors)
has reduced further to 156 in 2019 (2018: 228), but we cannot
afford to be complacent. This is the area of our business
which must, and will, always come first, not just for Site
Managers and employees on site, but for the whole business.          What makes
                                                                     Taylor Wimpey different
2020 priorities
2020 will be a year of renewed focus on simplification,              Our culture makes us stand out. Our employee
delivery and cost efficiency. Our goals remain being a               engagement survey highlighted a number of high
customer led, high-quality business and the employer of              scoring areas. We received responses from 67% of
choice, in our sector. Key to all of this, is the underlying         employees invited to take the survey. A total of 97%
objective of doing the right thing for our customers and             of these employees agree we are committed to being
building a strong and resilient business, which will perform         an ethical and responsible company, 98% agree we
well during the cycle, in all market conditions. We have seen        take health and safety seriously, 96% agree we are
real improvement in key areas of investment (that range from         committed to delivering the best customer
technology on site, to placemaking and production                    experience, and 95% believe we are committed to
improvements) but no matter how necessary they have been,            being a more inclusive organisation. The survey also
they inevitably take us away from the ‘day job’. We don’t want       highlighted a number of areas where our employees
to lose the good things we have been doing and that are now          think we have room for improvement. These included
very much business as usual, but by reducing new change,             how teams collaborate and work together, our
the focus on 2020 switches from implementing these                   personal development planning process, and giving
processes to really making sure we deliver the value from the        employees the tools and technology to do their
changes we have made. Employee buy in is key and we                  job effectively.
continue to have very engaged and hardworking employees              During the year, we ran an internal campaign, asking
at every level in the business. This very clear focus on cost        our people what our new simplified values mean to
and value has been very well received by the business. I am          them personally. This was very successful with
looking forward to visiting all the regional businesses this year,   numerous videos, posts and images posted on our
alongside some of our senior team, to listen to their feedback,      internal communication channel. Some of these
answer their questions and update the teams on our progress.         people are featured throughout the Annual Report,
                                                                     setting out in their own words what makes
                                                                     Taylor Wimpey different.

                                                                         Read more about how the Board monitors culture
Pete Redfern                                                             on page 71
Chief Executive



www.taylorwimpey.co.uk                                                                                                       23
Our strategy and key performance indicators



Progress                                                     Our mission is enriching the lives of customers
                                                             and communities by putting them at the heart of
                                                             our decisions.
against our                                                  Our vision is working together to build dreams.


strategy                                                     Our mission and vision drive us to deliver on our strategy
                                                             and achieve operational success. The following section details
                                                             how we are progressing against our 2023 strategic goals and
                                                             our key performance indicators (KPIs).
                                                                  Read more about our Company purpose on page 69



Delivering against our 2023 strategic goals

          Return on net                            Operating                                Cash                                 Short term
         operating assets                         profit margin                           conversion                              landbank

        31.4%                                  19.6%                                  82.6%                           c.4.8 years
     Working towards our target             Working towards our target                  Within our target                     Nearing our target
              of 35%                              of c.21-22%                            of 70-100%                            of 4-4.5 years
           (2018: 33.4%)                          (2018: 21.6%)                          (2018: 92.6%)                        (2018: c.5.1 years)



   We monitor our progress through a balanced basket of KPIs across our five strategic pillars. Getting these right will help us deliver on our strategy.
These are: putting customers and communities at the heart of our actions; build quality; optimising our strong landbank; be the employer of choice in our
                    industry and; best in class efficient engine room. Performance against our KPIs is outlined on the following pages.




                                                                         Putting customers
                                                                         and communities
                                                                         at the heart of
                                                                         our actions



                                   Best in class
                                   efficient engine
                                   room
                                                                Becoming a
                                                             customer-focused                        Build quality
                                                               homebuilder



                                           Be the
                                           employer
                                           of choice in
                                           our industry                      Optimising our
                                                                             strong landbank




24     Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
                                                                                                                                                                                        Strategic report
                         Putting customers and                                                                            Principal Risks
                                                                                                                               Read more on pages 48 to 52
                         communities at the
                                                                                                                          PR

                                                                                                                          A, B, C, D, E, F, G
                         heart of our actions

Performance in 2019                                                                           Priorities going forward

  Customer satisfaction (Would you recommend?)                                                 Customer satisfaction (Would you recommend?)
  8-week score                                                                                 8-week score
  Our ‘would you recommend’ score of 89.4% was just below the 90% five-star                    Focus on bedding in new build processes to improve reliability of move in dates
  level in 2019. Whilst we missed this by a very small margin, we are disappointed             for our customers and continue to deliver a quality product. We aim to achieve a
  to have missed this important target and are committed to achieving a five-star              five-star rating on an annual basis.
  rating on an annual basis.
                                                                                               For 2020, a key focus is ease of doing business with us, looking at how we work
                                                                                               and what our customer facing teams look like. We will also launch our new
  Customer satisfaction (Would you recommend?)
                                                                                               customer facing website which will help customers and potential customers
  9-month score                                                                                better understand what we do and our values.
  Although it is common in the sector generally to see this measure trend at
  significantly lower levels, when compared to the 8-week survey ‘would you                    Customer satisfaction (Would you recommend?)
  recommend?’ score, we were pleased to see an increase in this measure.                       9-month score
  This measure is important in helping us to understand longer term
                                                                                               Remain proactive with our actions and processes to ensure customers are satisfied
  customer satisfaction.
                                                                                               once they are settled in their homes. This includes helping our customers establish a
                                                                                               community so that after nine months in their home they are calling our developments
                                                                                               their communities. We continue to focus on build quality to ensure our customers
                                                                                               remain happy in their new homes and minimal remediation is required. We aim to
                                                                                               improve our 9-month customer satisfaction survey score to a consistent 80%.

KPIs                                                                                                Read more on pages 108 and 109                Read more on pages 34 and 35



      Customer satisfaction 8-week score                                                      Customer satisfaction 9-month score
      ‘Would you recommend?’                                                                  ‘Would you recommend?’


      89%                       Objective: We strive to achieve 90% or above in this
                                question, which equates to a five-star rating.                77%                           Objective: We strive to improve this score and
                                                                                                                            understand the reasons behind and underlying
                                                                                                                            drivers of this customer feedback.
                                Definition: Percentage of customers who would
100                                                                                      80
                                recommend Taylor Wimpey to a friend as measured                                             Definition: Percentage of customers who

                                                                                                           77%
                                by the National New Homes Survey undertaken by           70                                 would recommend Taylor Wimpey to a friend as
                                                                                              74%    76%
      89%   90%    89%
80                              the NHBC on behalf of the HBF eight weeks after                                             measured by the National New Homes Survey
                                                                                         60
                                legal completion.                                                                           undertaken by the NHBC nine months after
60                                                                                       50                                 legal completion.
                                Why it is key to our strategy: Identifying and serving
                                the needs of our customers by delivering a high-quality 40                                  Why it is key to our strategy: Our mission to
40                              product is key to our ambition to become a customer- 30                                     enrich the lives of customers and communities by
                                focused homebuilder.                                                                        putting them at the heart of our decisions means
                                                                                         20
20                                                                                                                          we have to think about how customers live in the
                                                                                         10                                 homes and places we build for longer than the first
 0                                                                                        0                                 few months after they move in. Ensuring our
      2017 2018 2019                                                                          2017 2018 2019                customer satisfaction remains high in the months
                                                                                                                            following completion is central to our strategy.




      Note: The 8-week ‘would you recommend’ score for 2019 relates to customers who legally completed between October 2018 and September 2019, with the comparators
      relating to the same period in the prior years. The 9-month ‘would you recommend’ score for 2019 relates to customers who legally completed between October 2017 and
      September 2018, with the comparator relating to the same period in the prior years.



Principal Risks key:
A: Government policy and planning regulations                            D:   Ability to attract and retain high-calibre employees
B: Impact of the market environment on mortgage                          E:   Land purchasing
   availability and housing demand                                       F:   Quality and reputation
C: Material costs and availability of subcontractors                     G:   Site and product safety


www.taylorwimpey.co.uk                                                                                                                                                            25
Our strategy and key performance indicators continued



                           Build quality                                                                             Principal Risks
                                                                                                                      PR   Read more on pages 48 to 52
                                                                                                                     A, C, D, F, G


Performance in 2019                                                                         Priorities going forward

 Construction Quality Review                                                                 Construction Quality Review
 We are pleased that the NHBC Construction Quality Review measure indicates                  Continue to embed all quality assurance processes to ensure consistent and
 we lead the volume housebuilders in terms of build quality.                                 high-quality build. In 2020, we will look to fully embed our Quality Managers
                                                                                             within the business and drive improved build quality through constantly improving
 In addition to significant year on year progress, we have also achieved the
                                                                                             processes and systems.
 objective we set out last year to increase our score to four.
                                                                                             We will target a CQR score of at least four in each of our regional businesses
 Continuing to embed our Consistent Quality Approach to ensure that our finishing
                                                                                             by 2020.
 standards are above the NHBC standard has helped us to achieve the improved
 score. In 2019, we employed Quality Managers across the business to address
                                                                                             Average reportable items
 build quality issues, support Site Managers and promote best practice across the
 Group to allow for continuous improvement.                                                  Going forward, we aim to utilise internal processes to ensure quality
                                                                                             improvements in order to reduce defects at every stage. Embedding Quality
 Average reportable items                                                                    Managers in their role will allow the sharing of data relating to defects, at every
                                                                                             stage of the build, across the business, helping us to improve our processes.
 In 2019, we maintained the average number of reportable items found per plot.
                                                                                             Reducing defects will also help to lower remediation costs driving additional value
                                                                                             for our stakeholders.




KPIs


     Construction Quality Review                                                            Average reportable items per inspection


     4.13                                                                                   0.28
                                      Objective: To achieve an average score of                                                Objective: Reduce defects found during
                                      four out of six across Taylor Wimpey by 2020.                                            build stages.
                                      Definition: The average score, out of six,                                               Definition: The average number of defects
5                                                                                    0.30
                                      achieved during an in-depth annual review of                                             found per plot during NHBC inspections at
                                      construction quality on a site-specific basis.                                           key stages of the build.
4
                                                                                    0.25
                                                                                                   0.28   0.28
                                      Why it is key to our strategy: Right first            0.26                               Why it is key to our strategy: Reducing the
                    4.13
             3.93                     time continues to be a key priority within our 0.20
     3.74
                                                                                                                               number of defects per plot is crucial to
3                                     customer-focused approach. CQRs focus on                                                 ensuring we deliver consistently high-quality
                                      construction quality and understanding ‘why 0.15                                         homes for our customers, whilst also
2                                     or how’ given levels of quality have resulted.                                           minimising the cost of rectifications.
                                                                                    0.10

1
                                                                                    0.05

0                                                                                   0.00
     2017 2018 2019                                                                         2017 2018 2019




            Read more on pages 108 and 109




26          Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
                                                                                                                                                                                        Strategic report
                             Optimising our                                                                             Principal Risks
                                                                                                                              Read more on pages 48 to 52
                             strong landbank
                                                                                                                         PR

                                                                                                                        A, D, E


Performance in 2019                                                                         Priorities going forward

 Strategically sourced completions                                                           Strategically sourced completions
 Increased strategic land pipeline to a record of c.140k potential plots. Maintained         Our aim is to continue to effectively utilise our strategic pipeline which aids our
 strategically sourced completions well above the 40% minimum objective.                     visibility and helps maintain the correct balance of sites across the business.
                                                                                             This gives us the flexibility to enter the short term land market when it is right
 Land cost as % of average selling price on approvals                                        for us, reducing our exposure to short term fluctuations.
 We met our target of decreasing the land cost as a percentage of average selling
 price. This reflects our work acquiring land at high margins as well as the benefit         Land cost as % of average selling price on approvals
 of our strategic land pipeline.                                                             Acquire land which is commercially viable and at high contribution margins to
                                                                                             ensure costs remain low to drive value for all of our stakeholders.
 Landbank years
 In 2019, our landbank length reduced from c.5.1 to c.4.8 years as we operated a             Landbank years
 broadly replacement approach to our landbank and successfully converted our                 We will continue to focus on taking opportunities in the land market to optimise
 strategic pipeline.                                                                         and maintain a strong landbank, remaining responsive to the local land markets
                                                                                             in which we operate. Land purchasing decisions remain dynamic to reflect
                                                                                             changes we see in the market. We continue to prioritise holding a landbank in
                                                                                             places people want to live, both now and in the future, to create value for all of
                                                                                             our stakeholders.


KPIs


     Strategically sourced completions                                                      Landbank years


     56%                                                                                    c.4.8
                                       Objective: We aim to source more than 40%                                                Objective: Increase landbank efficiency –
                                       of our completions from the strategic pipeline                                           reduce length of short term owned and
                                       per annum in the medium term.                                                            controlled landbank years by c.1 year to
60                                                                                      6                                       4-4.5 years.
                                       Definition: Number of completions on land
             58%
                                       which originally did not have a residential                                              Definition: The years of land supply in our
                     56%
50                                                                                      5
     53%
                                       planning permission when we acquired a                                                   short term landbank based at current
                                                                                            c.5.1    c.5.1
                                                                                                             c.4.8
40                                     commercial interest in it, expressed as a        4                                       completion levels.
                                       percentage of total completions.
                                                                                                                                Why it is key to our strategy: We seek to
30                                     Why it is key to our strategy: The strategic 3                                           use our high-quality landbank more efficiently
                                       pipeline enhances our ability to increase the                                            to deliver growth, both in the number and
20                                     contribution per legal completion because of 2                                           quality of homes built for a wider range
                                       the inherent margin uplift from strategic plots.                                         of customers.
10                                                                                      1
                                       It also allows us to take a long term view
                                       of sites.
0                                                                                       0
     2017 2018 2019                                                                         2017 2018 2019

                                                                                                    Read more on pages 20 and 21
     Land cost as % of average selling price on approvals


     16.2%
                                       Objective: To maintain at current levels or
                                       reduce our average land cost.
                                       Definition: Cost of land as a percentage of
20
                                       average selling price on approvals.

     19.8%   19.2%
                                       Why it is key to our strategy: Maintaining a
15                                     sustainable land cost percentage increases
                     16.2%
                                       value for our shareholders.

10


5


0
     2017 2018 2019




www.taylorwimpey.co.uk                                                                                                                                                            27
 Our strategy and key performance indicators continued



                                Be the employer of choice                                                                        Principal Risks
                                                                                                                                       Read more on pages 48 to 52
                                in our industry
                                                                                                                                  PR

                                                                                                                                 D, F, G


 Performance in 2019                                                                                  Priorities going forward

   Voluntary employee turnover                                                                         Voluntary employee turnover
   We were pleased to see our employee turnover reduce, having enjoyed                                 We recognise that there is a skills shortage within the industry and continue to improve
   comparatively low levels of turnover compared to our industry for several years.                    our employee offering to ensure a stable and dedicated workforce who feel supported
                                                                                                       and valued by Taylor Wimpey. This supports our strong culture and values.
   Number recruited into early talent programmes
   Throughout the year, we have ensured that recruitment into early talent programmes                  Number recruited into early talent programmes
   is appropriate to the skill sets required across the business, with the reduction a result          We continue to see value in developing skills from within and will continue to utilise
   of the strong talent pipeline we have developed, showing our ability to retain those we             early talent programmes to recruit a workforce appropriate to each regional business.
   have invested in as they successfully progress into years two and three of the schemes.
                                                                                                       Directly employed key tradespeople, including trade apprentices
   Directly employed key tradespeople, including trade apprentices                                     We will continue to develop and grow our directly employed key tradespeople
   Throughout 2019, we have made good progress in increasing our directly employed                     through a variety of channels with the aim of also promoting diversity. This will
   key tradespeople. This has allowed us greater flexibility within our workforce in                   improve the long term sustainability of the business.
   addition to ensuring our values are embedded with site teams.
                                                                                                       Health and Safety Annual Injury Incidence Rate
   Health and Safety Annual Injury Incidence Rate (AIIR)                                               Continue to embed and expand on measures implemented throughout the year
   This year we have reduced our AIIR and have rolled out a number of health and                       and work with site management teams, employees and contractors to ensure
   safety initiatives, including a new fall prevention and protection system and scaffold              their understanding of measures and controls in place.
   exclusion zones whilst scaffolding is being erected or dismantled.

 KPIs                                                                                                                                                       Read more on pages 36 and 37


       Voluntary employee turnover                                                                    Number recruited into early talent programmes


       12.9%                                                                                          116
                                            Objective: We aim to attract and retain the                                                    Objective: To reduce the impact of the
                                            best people in the industry and give them                                                      industry skills shortage and future-proof our
                                            opportunities to develop to their full potential.                                              business.
 15
                                            We aim to keep this within a range of 5-15%.200
                                                                                                                                           Definition: The amount of people recruited

       14.0%    14.5%
 12                                         Definition: Voluntary resignations divided by                                                  onto one of our early talent programmes

                        12.9%
                                            number of total employees.                    150               175                            including graduates, management trainees
                                                                                                                                           and site management trainees.
  9                                         Why it is key to our strategy: Our employees
                                            are one of our greatest competitive advantages            126                                  Why it is key to our strategy: Creating a
                                                                                          100
  6                                         and they are crucial to executing our strategy.                        116                     more consistent framework and development
                                                                                                                                           path for early and ongoing talent
                                                                                                50                                         management will underpin our future growth
  3
                                                                                                                                           and customer-focused approach.

  0                                                                                              0
       2017 2018 2019                                                                                 2017 2018 2019

       Directly employed key tradespeople,                                                            Health and Safety Annual Injury Incidence Rate
       including trade apprentices                                                                    (per 100,000 employees and contractors)


       1,169​                                                                                         156
                                            Objective: To improve quality, reduce                                                          Objective: We are committed to providing
                                            bottlenecks in key trade supply, reduce the                                                    a safe place in which our employees and
                                            impact of the industry skills shortage and                                                     subcontractors can work and our customers
1200                                                                                            250
                                            future-proof the business.                                                                     can live.
1000                    1,169               Definition: The number of key tradespeople 200                  228                            Definition: Reportable (all reportable) injury
                                            directly employed by Taylor Wimpey including                                                   frequency rate per 100,000 employees
800                                         bricklayers, joiners, carpenters, painters,                                                    and contractors (Annual Injury Incidence Rate).
                                                                                        150
                                            scaffolders and trade apprentices.
600             748                                                                                   152          156                     Why it is key to our strategy: Health and
                                            Why it is key to our strategy: Against                                                         safety is our non-negotiable top priority.
       581
                                                                                           100
400                                         industry-wide skills shortages and uncertainty                                                 As well as having a moral duty to maintain
                                            we are investing heavily and consistently to                                                   safety on site, accidents and injuries can
                                                                                            50
200                                         future-proof our workforce.                                                                    have a detrimental impact on the business
                                                                                                                                           through additional costs, delays and / or
  0                                                                                              0                                         reputational damage.
       2017 2018 2019                                                                                 2017 2018 2019




 28            Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
                                                                                                                                                                                              Strategic report
                           Best in class efficient                                                                             Principal Risks
                                                                                                                                    Read more on pages 48 to 52
                           engine room
                                                                                                                               PR

                                                                                                                               A, C, D, E, F, G


Performance in 2019                                                                             Priorities going forward

  Net private sales rate                                                                          Net private sales rate
  Throughout 2019, we have demonstrated that it is possible to increase sales                     Across the business we can see that targeting and supporting a higher sales rate
  rates above historic averages, demonstrating the success of our strategy and                    is possible. This allows for growth at the right time in the cycle. In 2020, our
  how we run large sites and showing that it is possible to step up build rates in line           priority is to optimise the balance between volume and price.
  with higher sales rates without compromising on quality.
                                                                                                  Private legal completions per outlet
  Private legal completions per outlet                                                            We aim to continue to embed efficiency processes to ensure that we can reach
  In 2019, we embedded new processes to ensure efficiency resulting in a 15%                      our target of having a best in class efficient engine room to increase the number
  increase in the number of legal completions per outlet year on year.                            of legal completions per outlet, maximising returns for our shareholders.

  Order book volume and value                                                                     Order book volume and value
  In an uncertain environment we have prioritised building a strong order book for                We aim to strike a balance between having the security of a large order book and
  the future.                                                                                     also being able to accurately forecast move in dates to continue to improve
                                                                                                  customer service.




KPIs                                                                                                                                                  Read more on pages 40 and 41



      Net private sales rate                                                                    Order book volume


      0.96                                                                                      9,725
                                        Objective: We want to break our historic                                                      Objective: We focus on building a strong
                                        sales rate barrier by thinking differently                                                    order book for the future while balancing our
                                        about how we deliver a home and to better                                                     customers’ needs. This is particularly
1.0                                                                                10000
                                        capture demand.                                                                               important in an uncertain market.

0.8                 0.96                Definition: The average number of private 8000                               9,725            Definition: The total number of homes in our

                                                                                                           8,304
                                        sales made per outlet per week.                                                               year end order book.
      0.77   0.80
                                                                                                7,136
0.6                                     Why it is key to our strategy: We want to 6000                                                Why it is key to our strategy: A strong
                                        become a more efficient and agile business                                                    order book provides our customers with
0.4                                     that can respond quickly to opportunities 4000                                                good visibility and provides greater stability
                                        in the market, creating increased value for                                                   for business planning and enhances our
                                        our shareholders.                                                                             ability to deliver the best experience for
0.2                                                                                   2000
                                                                                                                                      customers whilst driving the most value for
                                                                                                                                      our shareholders.
0.0                                                                                        0
      2017 2018 2019                                                                            2017 2018 2019


      Private legal completions per outlet                                                      Order book value


      48.2                                                                                      £2,176m
                                        Objective: To improve efficiency on our sites                                                 Objective: We focus on building a strong
                                        and increase the number of legal completions                                                  order book for the future while balancing our
                                        per outlet.                                                                                   customers’ needs. This is particularly important
50                                                                                    2500
                                                                                                                                      in an uncertain market.
                                        Definition: The number of private legal
40                  48.2                completions per outlet.                       2000                                            Definition: The total value of homes in our

                                                                                                                     £2,176m
      40.4   41.8                       Why it is key to our strategy: We are
                                                                                                                                      year end order book.


                                                                                                           £1,782m
30                                      working to increase new home supply for a 1500                                                Why it is key to our strategy: A strong order

                                                                                                £1,628m
                                        wider range of customers by improving                                                         book provides our customers with good
20                                      efficiency across our sites.              1000                                                visibility and provides greater stability for
                                                                                                                                      business planning and enhances our ability to
                                                                                                                                      deliver the best experience for customers whilst
10                                                                                        500
                                                                                                                                      driving the most value for shareholders.

 0                                                                                         0
      2017 2018 2019                                                                            2017 2018 2019

                                                                                                          Read more on pages 108 and 109



www.taylorwimpey.co.uk                                                                                                                                                                  29
Our business model



We deliver on our strategy
through our customer-focused
business model
                                                  What we do

     Our people                                     Customer service                                Selecting land
     Our people are the backbone of our
     customer-focused approach. Through our         Enhancing our customers’                        Strengthening the quality of
     culture and values we create value for our     journey                                         our landbank
     customers at each stage of the                 By enhancing every step of our                  Land is our key raw ingredient and
     homebuilding and buying process.               customers’ buying and after service             its selection is important to both our
     We are focused on growing talent from          experience, and building homes which are        offering for customers and the return
     within and are committed to the learning       right first time and right for our customers’   we achieve for our shareholders.
     and development of our people. We will         income and lifestyle, we can create real        The landbank remains an important
     continue to invest in our entry level          additional value for customers, and the         driver of value as it enables us to build
     programmes including our key trade             rest of our stakeholders. We aim to             and sell the right product, create the
     apprentices. We are increasing our             deliver an excellent customer experience        right community and deliver the right
     directly employed key trades on site           from start to finish.                           service to our customers.
     through direct labour and apprentice           Whilst the majority of our customers            Location is key when buying a home
     programs. This is key to creating the          would recommend us to their friends,            and we have focused our landbuying
     next generation of leaders, with the           we acknowledge that we do not always            in quality locations where customers
     same focus on customer values.                 get it right and sometimes fall short of        want to live. We believe this will be
                                                    our high standards. Where this is the           a key determinant through all
     PR Read more on our ability to attract         case, we put issues right and learn from        market conditions.
          and retain high-calibre employees         our mistakes.
          on page 50




     Our values empower us
     to do the right thing                           PR Read more on quality and reputation         PR Read more on land purchasing
                                                         on page 51                                      on page 51




                                                    How we build our customers’ dreams in the words
                                                    of our customers…
                                                   “I want to feel valued,                          “Location is a key factor for us;
                                                    respected and important                          I have a short drive to work and
                   Do the                           when it comes to buying a                        I love that we can walk to our
                 right thing                        new home.”                                       local shops.”




30       Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
                                                                                                                                                        Strategic report




   Managing the                                 Getting the                                         Optimising value
   planning and                                 homebuilding
                                                                                                    Delivering for our
   community                                    basics right                                        stakeholders at every stage
   engagement                                                                                       Our ability to constantly increase
                                                Applying effective processes                        efficiency and tightly control costs is
   process                                      across our business                                 part of the Taylor Wimpey culture
                                                                                                    and remains central to delivering
                                                We work with selected subcontractors
                                                                                                    enhanced returns. This extends to
   Involving communities                        and build using carefully sourced materials
                                                                                                    and encompasses all aspects of our
   at every stage                               to ensure the homes that we sell are of a
                                                                                                    business as we strive to optimise and
                                                high quality and are built safely, efficiently,
   We aim to be the industry leader in all                                                          capture value at every level, from
                                                cost effectively and with minimal impact on
   aspects of the planning process and to                                                           procurement through to delivery.
                                                the environment.
   obtain the right planning consents that                                                          We also aim to add value to the
   enable us to respond to a changing           There is nothing more important to us than          charities we support and to our
   market, reflect the desires of our           providing a safe place in which our                 wider partnerships.
   customer base and deliver the quality        employees and subcontractors can work.
   homes we want to build, whilst meeting       We have robust supply chain standards
   our financial objectives.                    and suppliers must comply with our
                                                supplier code of conduct.
   We believe that local communities should
   have a say in development. This enables us   The building process is carefully managed
   to achieve the right planning permissions    by our site-based and regional production
   and ensure our developments are valued       teams to ensure quality, minimise disruption
   by their local communities.                  to residents in the surrounding areas, and to
                                                protect and enhance the value of each site.
    PR Read more on Government policy and       PR Read more on material costs and                  PR Read more on quality and reputation
        planning regulations on page 49              availability of subcontractors on page 50,          on page 51
                                                     quality and reputation on page 51, and
                                                     site and product safety on page 52



                                                              …and create value for all of our stakeholders
                                                                                                               (please turn the page to find out how)


  “Our children love the park and               “What I care most about is that                   “I want my home to grow with
   we love the fitness trail, there              my home is going to last; that it                 me and my changing needs,
   are other parks on different                  is built well and that my family                  I need to know it can evolve
   phases of the development                     are going to be safe and happy                    with my life.”​
   too. It gets you out of the                   for years to come.”​
   house and chatting to people.”​




Above image: Cambourne, Cambridgeshire
www.taylorwimpey.co.uk
Quotes: Feedback from customers                                                                                                                    31
Making a difference
for our stakeholders
Stakeholders                              ​    Key issues                                     ​                                        ​                               ​

  Our customers                           ​    ••      Affordability and supply of housing
                                                                                              ••  Climate change mitigation and        ​                               ​

  ​                                       ​    ••      Placemaking, design and community
                                                       infrastructure
                                                                                              ••
                                                                                                  adaption
                                                                                                  Sustainable transport

                                               ••      Efficient homes
                                                                                              ••  Air quality

                                               ••      Innovation
                                                                                              ••  Responsible sourcing

                                               ••      Customer service




  Our employees                           ​
                                               ••      Customer service
                                                                                              ••  Employee engagement                  ​                               ​

                                               ••      Health, safety and wellbeing
                                                                                              ••  Labour relations
  ​
                                               ••      Site environment and remediation
                                                                                              ••  Taxation and remuneration policies

                                               ••      Diversity and inclusion

                                               ••      Access to skills



  Our partners                            ​
                                               ••      Land, planning and community
                                                                                              ••  Access to skills                     ​                               ​


                                               ••
                                                       engagement
                                                                                              ••  Labour relations
  ​

                                               ••
                                                       Health, safety and wellbeing
                                                                                              ••  Public policy


                                               ••
                                                       Responsible sourcing
                                                       Diversity and inclusion
                                                                                              ••  Charitable giving




  Our investors                           ​
                                               ••      Climate change mitigation
                                                                                              ••  Customer service                     ​                               ​

  ​
                                               ••
                                                       and adaption
                                                       Business ethics and corporate
                                                                                              ••  Employee engagement

                                                       governance

                                               ••      Taxation and remuneration policies

                                               ••      Public policy




  Our communities                         ​
                                               ••      Affordability and supply of housing
                                                                                              ••  Climate change mitigation
                                                                                                                                       ••   Biodiversity               ​

  ​                                            ••      Placemaking, design and
                                                       community infrastructure
                                                                                              ••
                                                                                                  and adaption
                                                                                                  Site environment and remediation
                                                                                                                                       ••   Brownfield and greenbelt
                                                                                                                                            development

                                               ••      Efficient homes
                                                                                              ••  Sustainable transport
                                                                                                                                       ••   Charitable giving

                                               ••      Innovation
                                                                                              ••  Air quality

                                               ••      Land, planning and community
                                                       engagement




Our material issues
Engaging with and understanding the needs of our
stakeholders helps us identify and focus on the key
issues that matter most to them. We have prioritised         Building                        Managing land,               A great service            A safe place
these as our material issues under the following             sustainable                     planning and                 for customers              to work
sustainability areas of focus. MI                            communities                     engagement


32      Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
                                                                                                                                                                                                       Strategic report
 Section 172 Directors’ Duties
 The Directors continue to have regard to the interests of the Company’s wider stakeholders, in accordance with s172 of the
 Companies Act. The content on stakeholder engagement on pages 34 to 43 and 76 to 81 highlight key actions in this area. Further
 details on how the Directors’ duties are discharged and the oversight of these duties are included in the Governance section on pages
 60 to 85.




How we engage                                              ​   Outcomes                                             ​   Value created


                                                                                                                        15.7k
We engage directly with customers at our                   ​   Whilst the majority of our customers would     ​
developments, via our customer portal (Touchpoint),            recommend us to their friends, part of
through social media, and we monitor their views               becoming a truly customer-focused business is
through focus groups, satisfaction surveys and                 recognising that we don’t always get it right.           number of homes
post-occupancy research.                                       We are disappointed that our HBF customer                completed in UK in 2019
                                                               satisfaction 8-week ‘Would you recommend?’
                                                               score slipped slightly to 89.4% (2018: 90%)
                                                               in 2019. We were pleased to increase
                                                               completions by 5% in 2019, while increasing
                                                               our quality of build as measured by the
                                                               independent NHBC CQR score.



                                                                                                                        £337.5m
We engage with our employees and seek their views          ​   We have a voluntary employee turnover of       ​
through a range of formal and informal channels,               12.9%, one of the lowest in our peer group.
including meetings, conferences, appraisals,                   Our employees returned a very high engagement
employee surveys, our internal magazine and                    score of over 90% and we were rated by them              paid in employment
newsletter, focus groups, Yammer and our national              as one of the UK’s top 50 places to work for a           and pensions
and regional employee forums.                                  third successive year, via Glassdoor.




                                                                                                                        156
We engage with our partners on a wide range of             ​   We have developed trusted relationships with      ​
initiatives through meetings, workshops, our                   many suppliers of labour and materials that are
membership of the Supply Chain Sustainability                  able to deliver our high standards. Together
School, trade associations, local plans and                    with our partners we continue to drive                   Health and Safety Annual
consultations, and through our local and national              standards of health and safety and sustainability        Injury Incidence Rate (per
charity partnerships.                                          on our developments.                                     100,000 employees and
                                                                                                                        contractors), a 32%
                                                                                                                        reduction on 2018


                                                                                                                        £599.7m
We engage with investors throughout the year at           ​    We have a regular dialogue with our investors        ​
one to one and group meetings, full and half year              enabling us to establish the issues that are
presentations, regulatory reporting including the              most important to them. We have recently
Annual Report and Accounts, investor roadshows,                sought our investors’ opinions on material               total dividends paid in 2019
our Annual General Meeting, site visits, conference            issues in relation to sustainability, as part of our
calls, by participating in sustainability benchmarks and       annual sustainability reporting process and
disclosure initiatives and through our corporate website.      executive management meet key institutions
                                                               throughout the year to update them on all areas
                                                               of our progress.



                                                                                                                        £447m
We engage with local communities at every site,            ​   Establishing and maintaining good community ​
from planning and throughout construction,                     relations is highly important. Not only is this the
including through meetings, exhibitions, workshops,            right thing to do but, as our developments are
newsletters, information boards, social media and              often extended, having a constructive working            contribution to local
our website.                                                   relationship with local communities is important         communities
We aim to use natural resources efficiently and to             for future phases.
reduce our impact on the environment. We have a                We are pleased to have reduced our direct
responsibility to our stakeholders to operate and act in       emissions intensity (tonnes of CO2e per 100
a sustainable manner and, on a day to day basis seek           sqm of homes built) by 43% since 2013,
to be a positive agent of change in the communities in         putting us on track towards our target of 50%
which we operate.                                              reduction in direct emissions intensity (scope 1
                                                               and 2) by 2023.


                                                                                                                                                        Making a
                                                                                                                                                        difference
                                                                                                                                                        Sustainability Report 2019




Cutting our                   Sourcing                         Our people                    Partnering with               Governance and              SR                        Read more in our
environmental                 responsibly                                                    charities                     management                                            2019 Sustainability
footprint                                                                                                                                                                        Report



www.taylorwimpey.co.uk                                                                                                                                                                           33
Making a difference for our stakeholders continued



Our customers
Buying a home is a major financial and emotional investment and it is
critical that we give our customers the right experience.




          OUR FOCUS                                What we do                                            Trust and transparency
                                                   Our customer proposition centres on delivering        We are supportive of Government plans to
                                                   great quality homes and communities consistently,     introduce an independent ombudsman service
                                                   and making it easy for our customers to do            to the new build sector to provide impartial
                                                   business with us. Our customers can trust us to       rulings on unresolved customer issues and
                                                   do the right thing.                                   help to raise standards in the wider industry.
                                                                                                         We are a signatory to the UK Consumer Code
                                                   Our approach is important both for our customer
                                                                                                         for Home Builders which aims to improve
                                                   proposition and ensuring good relationships with
                                                                                                         information and protect the rights of buyers.
                                                   other stakeholders.
                                                                                                         We engaged in discussions with the HBF and
                                                   Whilst the majority of our customers would            other housebuilders about how to improve the
     Progress for 2019                             recommend us to their friends, we acknowledge         complaints process for customers. We encourage
     –– Improved CQR score to 4.13, once           that we do not always get it right for our            customers to leave reviews on Trustpilot. At the
        again leading the volume housebuilders     customers and sometimes fall short of our             end of 2019, we had a 4 out of 5 star rating with
                                                   targeted standards. This remains a key area of        a trust score of 3.9 out of 5.
     –– Recruited Quality Managers in regional
                                                   focus for the Group and we are committed to
        businesses                                                                                       Following the tragic fire at Grenfell Tower in
                                                   working closely with our customers to put this
     –– Worked with leading architects to create                                                         June 2017, we conducted a detailed review
                                                   right and learn from our mistakes.
        our new standard house type range                                                                of all relevant legacy and current buildings
                                                                                                         with Aluminium Composite Material (ACM)
                                                   Why is it important for all our                       cladding and also worked with building owners,
     Priorities for 2020                           stakeholders?                                         management companies, and the Fire Service
     –– Test our new house type range ahead
                                                   The Board and the employees of Taylor Wimpey          to implement Government advice on interim
        of roll out to our regional businesses
                                                   believe fundamentally that by identifying and         mitigation measures, where applicable. Whilst
     –– Achieve a recommend score of at            responding to our customers’ needs, we will be        each situation is different, and this is an exceptionally
        least 90% in the HBF 8-week survey,        a better business for all our stakeholders. 96% of    complex issue, we have in a number of cases,
        which equates to a five-star rating        employees believe that we strive to offer the best    having regard to all of the relevant facts and
     –– Produce a customer-version of our          customer experience.                                  circumstances, agreed to support our customers
        Consistent Quality Approach                                                                      both financially and practically with the removal
        document so customers are clear            We believe that investment in quality upfront
                                                   effectively benefits all stakeholders as getting it   and replacement of ACM, even though the
        what they can expect from us                                                                     buildings concerned met the requirements of
                                                   right first time saves significant time, cost and
     –– Improve our website design, features                                                             building regulations at the time construction was
                                                   energy in putting things right. We have made
        and accessibility                                                                                formally approved. We took this decision for
                                                   good progress throughout 2019 improving our
                                                   quality and our customer offering. In the year, we    buildings we constructed recently because
     BM   Read more on page 30                                                                           we believe that it is morally right not because
                                                   introduced, additional quality checks and added
                                                   Quality Managers to support Site Managers             it is legally required. At the 2019 year end,
          Read more on page 25
                                                   across our business.                                  replacement works had been completed on three
                                                                                                         developments and were underway on another.
                                                                                                         Since the year end, we have commenced work
                                                   What our customers want
                                                                                                         on a further three developments.
                                                   There are three key areas that our customers
                                                   have told us are priorities for them: service,        Striving to improve
                                                   delivery timing and finishing quality; underlying
                                                   build quality and consistency; and the creation of    We track a basket of measures relating
                                                   outstanding places and communities. We have           to customer service, as no one measure
                                                   invested, and will continue to invest, in improving   encompasses all aspects of a customer’s
                                                   our offer across each of these areas, and             journey with us. This includes the Home Builders
                                                   measuring that improvement.                           Federation (HBF) 9-month score and the NHBC
                                                                                                         CQR score, which has continued to improve.
                                                                                                         However, as measured by the HBF 8-week
                                                                                                         customer survey, we dipped to a four-star builder
                                                                                                         in the latest survey covering October 2018 to
                                                                                                         September 2019, from a five-star in the prior survey
                                                                                                         covering October 2017 to September 2018.
34        Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
                                                                                                                                             Strategic report


                                                                                   The cut-off for five-star is 90% and we achieved
                                                                                   89.4%. Whilst we missed this by a very small
                                                                                   margin, we are disappointed to have missed this
                                                                                   important target and are committed to achieving a
                                                                                   five-star rating on an annual basis. We are pleased
                                                                                   that we are now once again operating at above
                                                                                   90% levels of customer satisfaction.

                                                                                   New house type range
                                                                                   Led by our design team and technical teams, we
                                                                                   have been working on our new house type range
                                                                                   over the past year. The new range has a key role to
                                                                                   play in delivering our improved customer proposition
                                                                                   and builds upon customer feedback from surveys
                                                                                   and focus groups as well as the lessons learnt from
                                                                                   developing our Project 2020 prototype house types
                                                                                   last year. The new house type range reflects
                                                                                   customers’ lifestyle choices such as layout, use of
                                                                                   light and space and will also help us deliver
                                                                                   efficiencies and process simplification. This year,
                                                                                   we will focus on testing the new range ahead of a
                                                                                   full roll out to the business.
                                                                                   Despite the cost pressures experienced during the
                                                                                   year, we also maintained our high construction
                                                                                   and sales specification, in order to meet our
                                                                                   customers’ high expectations.

                                                                                   Build quality
                                                                                   We lead the volume housebuilders in build quality
                                                                                   as measured by the NHBC CQR score, which
                                                                                   measures build quality at key build stages. In 2019,
                                                                                   we scored an average of 4.13 (2018: 3.93) from a
                                                                                   possible score of 6. This compares with an
                                                                                   industry average score of 4.01. We are fifth
                                                                                   nationally when ranked against all housebuilders
            Material issue:                                                        who have more than 100 build stages (which
            A great service for customers MI                                       excludes self build and very small housebuilders).
                                                                                   We aim to improve this further by ensuring our
                                                                                   quality assurance processes are embedded at
                                   From House to Home                              every stage of build. Our target is to achieve at least
“Great company and great                                                           a four rating by 2020 in each regional business.
                                   All our customers receive information on
 staff, me and my partner are      their new home via our ‘From House to           The build quality programmes incorporate additional
 buying a house through            Home’ manual. This was updated in 2019          resources on site, including greater depth of Site
 Taylor Wimpey and couldn’t        and we added advice on living sustainably,      Managers, Quality Managers and directly employed
                                   including tips to help customers save           finishing trades, plus the introduction and
 be happier.”                                                                      implementation of a set of national build quality
                                   energy, reduce waste, and encourage
                                   nature in their gardens. We also give all our   standards. Quality Managers were introduced in
Customer, Trustpilot review 2020                                                   our regional businesses during 2019. These Quality
                                   customers details on how to use and
                                   maintain the environmental features in their    Managers will provide additional resource to site
                                   homes through our Maintenance Guide.            management teams to ensure each home is
                                                                                   completed to our high standards.
                                   SR   Read more in our 2019                      Our Consistent Quality Approach (CQA) guidelines
                                        Sustainability Report                      ensure our Site Managers, subcontractors,
                                                                                   production and customer service teams all have a
                                                                                   consistent understanding of the finishing standards
                                                                                   we expect on all Taylor Wimpey homes. We are
                                                                                   developing specific guidance within the CQA for the
                                                                                   different trades working on our sites that will form
                                                                                   part of our framework agreements with contractors
                                                                                   in the future and plan to produce a version of the
                                                                                   CQA for customers so they know what they should
                                                                                   expect from us.
 www.taylorwimpey.co.uk                                                                                                             35
Making a difference for our stakeholders continued



Our employees
We aim to be the employer of choice in the industry, making Taylor Wimpey
a different place to work – a better place to work.




          OUR FOCUS                                  What we do                                              Early talent development
                                                     Our culture makes us stand out. We aspire to be         During 2019, we recruited 116 people into
                                                     the employer of choice in our sector, offering a        our early talent programmes which includes
                                                     unique and valued employee experience, and              graduates, management trainees and site
                                                     something different to the rest of the industry.        management trainees (2018: 175), with the
                                                     We can only become a truly customer-focused             reduction a result of the strong talent pipeline
                                                     business through the efforts of our talented            we have developed, showing our ability to retain
                                                     employees who are aligned with our values.              those we have invested in as they successfully
                                                     Our shared values mean that our employees go            progress into years two and three of the schemes.
                                                     above and beyond for each other and our
                                                                                                             Our direct labour model aims to increase the
                                                     customers, as evidenced by our employee
                                                                                                             number of tradespeople we hire directly (as well
     Progress for 2019                               survey where over 98% of our employees would
                                                                                                             as through subcontractors). This is focused on
     –– Glassdoor top 50 best places to work         go the extra mile for their team and Taylor
                                                                                                             five key trades: bricklayers, carpenters,
        for third year running                       Wimpey, and 96% agree we are committed to
                                                                                                             scaffolders, painters and joiners. This includes
     –– Almost doubled our key trade                 delivering the best customer experience.
                                                                                                             both experienced tradespeople and new recruits
        apprentice recruitment                       We have been named in the top 50 places to
                                                                                                             to the industry, such as apprentices and people
                                                     work in the UK for 2020 by Glassdoor, as voted
     –– Maintained very high employee                                                                        looking for a career change.
                                                     for by employees, for the third consecutive year.
        engagement rates                                                                                     We currently directly employ 1,169 key trades
     –– Successfully launched new values             During 2019, we directly employed, on average,
                                                                                                             including apprentices (2018: 748), a 56%
     –– Rolled out ‘Young Persons HSE                5,796 people across the UK (2018: 5,358) and
                                                                                                             increase on 2018. Our approach includes
        Safety Passports’, which track the           provided opportunities for over 14.6k further
                                                                                                             recruiting a greater diversity of candidates to join
        health and safety training and risk          operatives on our sites. Our voluntary employee
                                                                                                             our apprenticeship schemes. This includes
        assessments that each apprentice             turnover rate remained low at 12.9% (2018: 14.5%).
                                                                                                             working with St Mungo’s, one of our national
        and management trainee has received                                                                  charities, to support their long term unemployed
     –– Defibrillators installed on every site and   Why is it important for all our                         clients to transition from their Train and Trade
        business unit and CPR training               stakeholders?                                           scheme into paid employment.
        delivered to employees                       We may be a national homebuilder, but for
                                                     customers, it is their interactions with the local      Diversity and inclusivity
     Priorities for 2020                             site and sales team and regional office that            Diversity and inclusion is an important priority for
     –– Continue to develop our apprenticeship       count. Embedding our approach to customers              our business. It enables us to better understand
        and direct labour programmes                 and getting buy in and commitment from our              our customer base, widens our potential talent
                                                     employees has been a key part of our strategy.          pool and makes for productive and effective
     –– Launch a career returners programme
        to encourage applications from               Against industry-wide skills shortages, we              teams. We are making progress on our diversity
        parents and others who have been             continue to invest in order to future-proof our         and inclusion strategy but have further to go
        out of the workforce on a career break       workforce and deliver on our strategy. We               before our workforce reflects the communities
     –– Increase BAME representation in our          believe that having a direct labour model is a key      we work in. We were pleased to have been
        workforce to align with the UK               way to do this, increasing flexibility and offering a   commended for our Gender Pay Gap report in
        population by 2022                           route to high-quality growth.                           2019 by The Chartered Governance Institute
                                                                                                             (ICSA). We aim to be an inclusive employer and
     –– Launch induction programme                   We are committed to providing a safe place in
                                                                                                             to attract, retain and promote employees from all
     –– Roll out of health and safety training to    which our employees and subcontractors can
                                                                                                             backgrounds. We have developed a Diversity
        management teams across the                  work and our customers can live, and we will not
                                                                                                             and Inclusion Strategy that focuses on the
        business to reinforce that health and        compromise on ensuring that everyone leaves
                                                                                                             impact of leadership for creating and maintaining
        safety is everyone’s responsibility          our sites safe and well. We not only create
                                                                                                             a diverse and inclusive culture; improving how
                                                     homes that our customers want to live in,
                                                                                                             diversity and inclusion are embedded into our
     BM   Read more on page 30                       we want to ensure that every step of the way,
                                                                                                             policies and procedures. As at 31 December
                                                     health and safety is at the forefront.
     PR   Read more on page 50                                                                               2019, we employed 1,784 females and 4,338
                                                                                                             males within Taylor Wimpey. As at 31 December
                                                                                                             2019, we had five females and five males on our
                                                                                                             Board of Directors, including our recently joined
                                                                                                             Chair-designate, Irene Dorner, and four females
                                                                                                             and five males on our Group Management Team.


36        Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
                                                                                                                                    Strategic report


Recognition
In 2019, our Site Managers were once again
recognised in the NHBC Pride in the Job Awards,
achieving a total of 66 Quality Awards (2018: 67),
16 Seal of Excellence Awards (2018: 19) and two
Regional Awards in 2019 (2018: three).

Health and safety
Health and safety is a shared responsibility and
the number one priority in our business. Whilst
cost and process simplification is a key priority
for our business in 2020, health and safety is not
an area that we are prepared to compromise on.
This is the area of our business which must, and
will always, come first, not just for Site Managers
and employees on site but for the whole business.
Building sites are, by their very nature, dangerous
and so we do everything we possibly can to
minimise those risks. We embed a safety culture
through training, awareness and visible health
and safety leadership. We are pleased that our
Annual Injury Incidence Rate (AIIR) for reportable
injuries per 100,000 employees and contractors
has reduced further to 156 in 2019 (2018: 228)
and remains well below both the HBF Home
Builder Average and Health and Safety Executive
Construction Industry Average, but we cannot
afford to be complacent and we will continue to
seek to improve this. Our AIIR for major injuries
per 100,000 employees and contractors was
44 in 2019 (2018: 64).

Human rights
We support the United Nations’ Universal Declaration
of Human Rights and have policies and processes in
place to ensure that we act in accordance with
                                                                    Material issue:
our cultural values which encompass areas such                      Our people MI
as business conduct, equal opportunities,
anti-corruption and whistleblowing. We do not
consider this a material issue in our business.                                       Supporting apprenticeships in
We respect the human rights of our employees,          “I wanted to work at Taylor    West Scotland
workers in our supply chain, customers, people in       Wimpey because of the         Taylor Wimpey West Scotland has appointed
the communities in which we operate and others          ethics and values of the      54 trade apprentices, as well as three site
affected by our business activities. We are guided
                                                        business, and the emphasis    management trainees. Apprentices are
in our approach by international standards such                                       recruited from schools, colleges and the armed
as the United Nations’ Universal Declaration of         on supporting employee        forces. To help ensure the success of the
Human Rights and the European Convention on             development.”                 apprenticeships, the business has appointed
Human Rights.                                                                         three Trade Development Managers and an
                                                       Graduate scheme participant    Apprentice and Direct Trade Manager to work
We respect the rights of our employees and                                            alongside the apprentices – supplementing
those working on our behalf, including the rights      SR   Read more in our 2019     their training and monitoring their progress.
to freedom of assembly and association and                  Sustainability Report     In 2018, four pre-apprentices were recruited
non-discrimination. Our work on issues such as                                        via local charity, First Steps Future Training,
health, safety, diversity and the environment                                         who provide practical training for disadvantaged
supports our commitment to uphold human rights.                                       people. Three of these have gone on to join the
                                                                                      business as apprentices.
We do not tolerate any form of slavery, forced
labour, child labour or human trafficking in our
business or supply chain. We have established
our Modern Slavery Act multidisciplinary working
party, to oversee our approach to due diligence
and our work with suppliers to reduce modern
slavery risks.
                                                                                            www.taylorwimpey.co.uk           37
Making a difference for our stakeholders continued



Our partners
We work in collaboration with our partners to deliver greater quality and
drive efficiency to our mutual benefit.




          OUR FOCUS                                 What we do                                            Modern methods of construction involve more
                                                    We strive to be an open, transparent and              than modular build and we are prioritising
                                                    responsive company for all our stakeholders and       research and development, seeking out new
                                                    to work with them to understand and address           processes and products that can improve
                                                    the wider social, economic and environmental          efficiency and sustainability, and also improve
                                                    impacts resulting from our operations.                quality and the final product for customers.
                                                                                                          The Company welcomes the aims and
                                                    Why is it important for                               objectives of the Modern Slavery Act 2015 and
                                                    all stakeholders?                                     takes its responsibilities under the Act very
                                                                                                          seriously. As part of this we have strengthened
                                                    We believe in the value of working together with
                                                                                                          oversight of standards in our supply chain to
                                                    our partners, suppliers and other stakeholders
     Progress for 2019                                                                                    make sure we are selecting partners who share
                                                    and are committed to supporting charities and
     –– Our suppliers accessed resources and                                                              our commitment to responsible business. We
                                                    local community groups.
        training on sustainability via the Supply                                                         published our first Modern Slavery Act
        Chain Sustainability School                                                                       Statement on our website in March 2017.
                                                    Subcontractors                                        Further information can be found on our website.
     –– Engaged with local and central
                                                    Most people working on our sites are
        government on issues relating to                                                                  We aim to establish long term partnerships with
                                                    contractors so it is essential that we collaborate
        planning and sustainability including                                                             suppliers and to collaborate on issues like safety,
                                                    on safety issues. Before we agree to work with a
        proposals relating to biodiversity,                                                               skills and the environment. This reduces risks to
                                                    contractor, we require details of their risk
        home energy efficiency and electric                                                               the business and helps to ensure a secure supply
                                                    assessment and safety management
        vehicle charging                                                                                  of essential materials and labour. We want to
                                                    arrangements and procedures for their area of
     –– Donated and fundraised £1.1 million                                                               work with suppliers who meet high standards in
                                                    activity. We clearly communicate critical safety
        for charities and £129k for local                                                                 areas such as safety, quality, ethics, human rights
                                                    messages to site operatives through our
        community causes                                                                                  and the environment. Our standards are
                                                    ‘Operative’s Journey’ process, which starts with
                                                                                                          explained in our Supply Chain Policy and Supplier
                                                    our HSE site induction and is supported by
     Priorities for 2020                            regular poster campaigns and site safe briefings.
                                                                                                          Code of Conduct which are embedded into our
     –– Health, safety and environment                                                                    framework agreements (contracts) with suppliers.
        (HSE) coaching workshops for our            Suppliers
        business unit and site management                                                                 Supply Chain Sustainability School
                                                    Our scale affords us the benefit of strong
        teams to help them engage their                                                                   We set clear standards on safety, quality, ethics,
                                                    purchasing power, and we have a number of
        teams on continuous health and                                                                    human rights and the environment through our
                                                    national agreements with suppliers. We want to
        safety improvement                                                                                policies and procedures, and engage with
                                                    work in collaboration with our supply chain to
     –– Introduce health and safety (H&S)                                                                 suppliers on sustainability including through the
                                                    deliver greater quality and efficiency together.
        passports for trade operatives on                                                                 Supply Chain Sustainability School.
                                                    This will have benefits and the potential for cost
        our sites                                   savings for both Taylor Wimpey and also our
     –– Driving further cost efficiencies while     suppliers. This includes increasing efficiency by     Charities
        maintaining quality and specification       reducing stock items and improving visibility on      We partner with charities to support the
                                                    programming for material demands.                     communities where we work and to help
     SR   Read more in our 2019                                                                           address issues relating to homelessness,
          Sustainability Report                     We continue to work to improve our
                                                                                                          education and aspiration. We provide financial
                                                    relationships with our supply chain, both in
                                                                                                          support as well as sharing expertise and
                                                    procurement and via Taylor Wimpey Logistics, to
                                                                                                          getting our people involved as fundraisers and
                                                    deliver solutions to build quality and efficiency
                                                                                                          volunteers. Our primary goal is to genuinely
                                                    issues on an ongoing basis. Taylor Wimpey
                                                                                                          improve the position of the causes that we
                                                    Logistics plays an important part in our supply
                                                                                                          support. The secondary goal is to engage our
                                                    chain management, providing us with an
                                                                                                          employees in these activities as we recognise it
                                                    alternative route to delivery and aiding efficiency
                                                                                                          is good for their development and self-awareness.
                                                    with the preparation of ‘just in time’ build packs
                                                                                                          Whilst there are a large number of worthy
                                                    for each stage of the build process.
                                                                                                          projects and causes, we have to focus to make
                                                                                                          sure that we are effective.




38        Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
                                                                                                                                     Strategic report


                                                                               During 2019, we continued our partnership with
                                                                               our national charities as well as local charity
                                                                               partners across the UK. Our six national charities
                                                                               are the Youth Adventure Trust, End Youth
                                                                               Homelessness, Crisis, CRASH, St Mungo’s and
                                                                               Foundations Independent Living Trust. Our
                                                                               national charity partners are selected by our
                                                                               Charity Committee, with regional charities
                                                                               selected by our regional businesses.
                                                                               In total, during 2019 we donated and fundraised
                                                                               over £1.1 million for registered charities (2018:
                                                                               over £1.1 million), which includes £206k raised
                                                                               by our employees on the annual Taylor Wimpey
                                                                               Challenge. More information about our charity
                                                                               partnerships and local sponsorships can be
                                                                               found within our Sustainability Report.

                                                                               Local authorities and
                                                                               central Government
                                                                               We are first and foremost a local business.
                                                                               We engage with local authorities, parish councils,
                                                                               Homes England, the Greater London Authority
                                                                               (GLA), the Ministry of Housing, Communities &
                                                                               Local Government and other public sector
                                                                               organisations to understand their priorities and
                                                                               share their views. As well as site specific
                                                                               engagement, we also participate in the
                                                                               development of strategic frameworks, Local Plans
                                                                               and Neighbourhood Plans. This is particularly
                                                                               important for land in our strategic pipeline, where
                                                                               preparation or review of the Development Plan is
                                                                               the first step in the planning process.
                                                                               We engage and respond to Government
                                                                               directly and through our membership of
          Material issue:                                                      industry organisations.

          Partnering with charities MI                                         In 2019, this included biodiversity net gain,
                                                                               the Future Homes Standard, electric vehicle
                                                                               charging and technical standards review.

                                  Taylor Wimpey Challenge 2019                 We are members of the Homes England five
“The support we have                                                           regional Delivery Partner Panels.
                                  Our annual Taylor Wimpey Challenge saw
 received from Taylor Wimpey      420 colleagues take on hiking and biking     We also engage with Government through our
 in recent years has been         challenges across the Brecon Beacons,        membership of industry organisations such as
 absolutely fantastic.”           raising £206k for charity, of which £138k    the Home Builders Federation (HBF) and the
                                  went to the Youth Adventure Trust. This is   British Property Federation (BPF). In 2019, for
                                  the sixth year in a row that we have         example, we participated in focus groups on
Mark Davey, CEO Youth
                                  supported the Youth Adventure Trust, a       changes to viability assessments. Regional
Adventure Trust
                                  charity which uses outdoor adventure to      businesses are also members of trade
                                  inspire vulnerable young people.​            associations, for example our Scottish
                                                                               businesses are members of Homes for Scotland.
                                  SR   Read more in our 2019
                                       Sustainability Report




 www.taylorwimpey.co.uk                                                                                                       39
Making a difference for our stakeholders continued



Our investors
We are focused on delivering strong financial performance,
in the right way.




           OUR FOCUS                                            What we do                                             It remains our belief that homebuilding is
                                                                Our Company purpose is to deliver new homes            inherently cyclical, and we remain committed
                                                                within thriving communities, in a safe and             to retaining a strong balance sheet, not over
                                                                environmentally responsible manner, with               stretching investment and maintaining
                                                                customers at the heart of our decision making          financial discipline.
                                                                and consideration of the potential impact on
                                                                wider stakeholders.                                    Dividends and returns
                                                                                                                       We are a cash generative business and believe
                                                                Our shareholders own a business which has a
                                                                                                                       we can sustain this in times of market weakness,
                                                                strong, well capitalised balance sheet with a
                                                                                                                       due to the strength of our balance sheet, the
                                                                high-quality landbank and experienced
                                                                                                                       quality and length of our landbank and
                                                                management team, which provides a reliable
      Progress for 2019                                         annual income stream, via an ordinary dividend of
                                                                                                                       consequently the control we have over the
      –– Continued to report in line with best                                                                         timing of land investment. Our aim is to provide a
                                                                at least £250 million and additional special
         practice disclosure                                                                                           reliable income stream to our shareholders.
                                                                dividends at the appropriate time in the cycle.
      –– Embedded strategy within the business                  Putting our customers’ needs and desires at the        Subject to shareholder approval each year,
      –– Continued to deliver cost and                          heart of our business will help build a sustainable    the Company will pay an ordinary dividend of
         efficiency programme                                   advantage and deliver leading financial returns        approximately 7.5% of Group net assets, which
      –– Returned £599.7 million to                             with strong and reliable cashflows. We run the         will be at least £250 million per annum. This is
         shareholders via total dividends in 2019               business for the long term, not for short term gain,   intended to provide a reliable minimum annual
                                                                and whilst we seek to maximise opportunities, it is    return to shareholders throughout the cycle,
      Priorities for 2020                                       weighed up against our cautious and disciplined        including through a ‘normal downturn’, and will
                                                                nature. We are focused on delivering strong            be paid equally as a final dividend (in May) and
      –– Simplification, delivery and cost efficiency
                                                                financial performance, in the right way.               as an interim dividend (in November). This
      –– Roll out of our environmental strategy                                                                        Ordinary Dividend Policy was subject to prudent
      –– Develop a science-based carbon                         Why is it important for all                            and comprehensive stress testing against
         reduction target                                       stakeholders?                                          various downside scenarios, which also included
      –– Previously announced c.£610 million                                                                           a reduction of 20% in average selling prices and
                                                                Our customer-focused approach will offer further
         to be paid to shareholders, subject to                                                                        a 30% reduction in volumes.
                                                                scope for differentiation and will add additional
         shareholder approval
                                                                value to our shareholders and other stakeholders.      The payment of ordinary dividends will continue
                                                                                                                       to be supplemented by additional significant
           Read more on page 24                                 Our Annual Report and Accounts sets out our
                                                                                                                       special dividends at appropriate times in the
                                                                investment case, as told by our employees in their
      PR   Read more on pages 45 to 53                                                                                 cycle. Our Special Dividend Policy will pay out to
                                                                own words. More details can be found on what
                                                                                                                       shareholders the free cash generated by the
                                                                makes Taylor Wimpey different on pages 1 to 13.
                                                                                                                       Group after land investment, all working capital,
                                                                                                                       taxation and other cash requirements of the
                                                                                                                       business in executing our strategy in the medium
Total shareholder return                                                                                               term, and once the Group’s ordinary dividends
Value (£) (rebased)                                                                                                    have been met. We have paid a special dividend
800                                                                                                                    in each of the last six years. Over the past six years
700
                                                                                                                       we have paid a total of £2.3 billion in ordinary
                                                                                                                       and special dividends to our shareholders.
600
500                                                                                                                    As previously announced, subject to shareholder
                                                                                                                       approval at the 2020 AGM scheduled for 23 April
400
                                                                                                                       2020, we intend to pay a minimum ordinary
300
                                                                                                                       dividend of £250 million per annum (c.7.6 pence)
200                                                                                                                    (2019: £250 million) and c.£360 million (10.99
100                                                                                                                    pence) to shareholders in July 2020 by way of a
0                     2010    2011      2012       2013      2014     2015      2016     2017     2018      2019       special dividend (2019: £350 million).
      Taylor Wimpey          Housebuilders Index          FTSE 350                                                     Accordingly, subject to shareholder approval, in
                                                                                                                       2020 shareholders will receive a total dividend of
Source: Thomson Reuters Datastream.
                                                                                                                       c.£610 million (c.18.6 pence per share).
      Read more on pages 108 and 109

40         Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
                                                                                                                                        Strategic report


Progress, challenges and priorities
We had a number of successes in 2019 but also
challenges. In an environment where the political
and economic outlook has been uncertain, sales
prices have remained flat, but build costs have
increased. During this time, we have also
continued to invest in processes and commit to
areas to benefit the long term business, including
a significant increase in apprentices, but together
with the increasing cost pressure, there has
inevitably been a short term impact on margins.
In 2019, we implemented many of the steps,
outlined in our strategy to improve our customer
proposition, increase the quality and consistency
of our homes and underpin the long term
sustainability of our business. Our teams
produced an industry leading sales rate, our
highest ever, whilst at the same time increasing
our quality as independently measured by the
NHBC. We have made good progress
throughout 2019 improving our quality and our
customer offering. In the year, we introduced
additional quality checks and added Quality
Managers to support Site Managers across our
business and increased our apprentices to over
630 as part of our direct labour initiative. These
measures have upfront and ongoing costs but
will lead to future benefits and are important to
the long term success of the business.
2020 will be a year of renewed focus on
simplification, delivery and cost efficiency. The
easing in build cost pressures seen in late 2019
has been maintained, and we expect build cost
inflation in 2020 to be around 3%. We are
focused on reducing underlying costs to mitigate
future build cost inflation. This very clear focus
                                                                      Material issue:
on cost, simplification and value has been well                       Governance and management MI
received by the business with employees
engaged at every level. Volumes for 2020 are
expected to be slightly lower and we will be                                                 During 2019 we conducted a materiality
targeting a slightly lower sales rate as we focus       “For a stable, well managed,         assessment to help us to identify and focus
on capturing value. We aim to maintain 2020              well capitalised business           on the sustainability issues that matter most
operating profit margin broadly in line with 2019.                                           to our business and our stakeholders.
Operating profit margin in the first half of the year
                                                         like Taylor Wimpey it does
                                                                                             Our investors told us that environmental,
will show pressure from 2019 build cost inflation        pay to put yourself slightly        social and governance (ESG) are high on
and selling prices and long term investment in           ahead – it shows progressive        their agenda.
quality and business improvement, with margin            thinking and a management           The roll out of our environmental strategy
improvement expected in the second half as
                                                         team that is aware of the risks.”   is a focus for 2020 which will formalise
cost initiatives improve performance. Margin
                                                                                             the work we have ongoing in the business
remains a key priority for the Group and we have
                                                        Investor feedback from materiality   and go further in committing to more
reconfirmed our medium term target to deliver
                                                        assessment 2019                      ambitious targets in key areas such as
operating profit margins of c.21-22%, assuming
                                                                                             biodiversity and continuing to reduce our
market conditions remain stable.                        SR   Read more in our 2019           carbon footprint. We plan to develop a
                                                             Sustainability Report           science-based carbon reduction target by
    Read more on page 21
                                                                                             the end of 2020.




www.taylorwimpey.co.uk                                                                                                           41
Making a difference for our stakeholders continued



Our communities
We aim to be the industry leader in managing the
planning and community engagement process.




          OUR FOCUS                               What we do                                                Placemaking
                                                  We want communities to welcome Taylor Wimpey              Our customers want to buy a great home in a
                                                  to their area and recognise the value we can              thriving community – somewhere they feel safe,
                                                  bring and the contribution we can make to the             supported and enriched and can enjoy a good
                                                  existing community, as well as trusting us with           quality of life. Our approach starts with
                                                  the responsibility of creating a new one. We              placemaking – ensuring the design and layout of
                                                  actively seek the views of local communities and          our sites promotes social, environmental and
                                                  other stakeholders. We develop a tailored planning        economic sustainability.
                                                  and community engagement strategy for each site
                                                                                                            We ran our second internal design competition
                                                  and work closely with communities and other
                                                                                                            in 2019 – seeking out the best examples of
                                                  local stakeholders throughout all aspects of the
                                                                                                            placemaking from around the business,
     Progress for 2019                            planning process. We aim to be the industry
                                                                                                            celebrating the good practice that already exists
     –– Updated our Political and Community       leader in all aspects of planning and to obtain the
                                                                                                            and it has inspired us to go further.
        Engagement Toolkit to help us             right planning consents that enable us to respond
        communicate our plans in a clear and      to a changing market, reflect the desires of our          Installing infrastructure at an early stage can help
        consistent way                            customer base and deliver the quality homes we            in the successful development of a new
                                                  want to build, whilst meeting our financial objectives.   community. It can also make new developments
     –– Launched our updated Community
                                                                                                            more desirable to prospective buyers, increasing
        Communication Plan to ensure
                                                  Why is it important for all our                           sales. We are looking at how we can increase
        consistent communication throughout
                                                                                                            early delivery of community infrastructure to
        the life of a development                 stakeholders?
                                                                                                            maximise its positive impact.
     –– Every one of our sites has a tailored     We believe that local communities should have a
        planning and community engagement         say in development. This enables us to achieve            Investing in local communities
        strategy                                  the right planning permissions and ensure our
                                                  developments are valued by their local                    We invest in infrastructure and facilities that help
     –– Launched a pilot to explore how we
                                                  communities. We know housebuilding,                       make our developments great places to live over
        can accelerate the creation of
                                                  particularly in its early stages, can be disruptive.      the long term. This includes affordable housing,
        communities on our sites
                                                  In order to mitigate this we seek to engage,              green spaces, community and leisure facilities,
                                                  consult and work in partnership with                      transport infrastructure, educational funding,
     Priorities for 2020                                                                                    jobs for local people and public art. In 2019,
                                                  communities and all interested stakeholders on
     –– Complete our connected community                                                                    we contributed £447 million to local communities
                                                  each and every site, both before we submit a
        trials at two sites and assess the                                                                  in which we build across the UK via planning
                                                  planning application and throughout the life of
        findings                                                                                            obligations (2018: £455 million). Our teams
                                                  our developments. Our customers have a very
     –– Roll out of our environmental strategy    strong desire to become part of a community               across the business get involved in local life,
        and development of a science-based        and to do so quickly after they move in. Our              organising competitions with primary schools,
        carbon reduction target                   research showed that customers believe we                 inviting schools to site for health and safety
                                                  should play a more active role in facilitating the        training and sponsoring local sports clubs, as
     SR   Read more in our 2019                                                                             part of their daily working life. In addition, we
                                                  relationship between the new residents, their
          Sustainability Report                                                                             contributed over £129k to other organisations,
                                                  new community and their neighbours.
                                                                                                            such as scout groups, local football teams and
                                                  We have a responsibility to our stakeholders to           various local community causes (2018: c.£170k).
                                                  operate and act in a sustainable manner and, on
                                                  a day to day basis seek to be a positive agent of         Connected Communities
                                                  change in the communities in which we operate.
                                                  We acknowledge the serious threat posed by                The way we live, work and shop today often
                                                  climate change and biodiversity loss and the              means fewer day to day opportunities to interact
                                                  need for urgent action to address these                   with the people who live nearby. We’re exploring
                                                  challenges – and we want to play our part.                how we can accelerate the development of new
                                                  Taking action on the environment helps us to              communities on our schemes, so that our
                                                  create better places to live for our customers            customers feel connected and have a strong
                                                  and strengthens our relationships with                    sense of community from an early stage.
                                                  employees and other stakeholders. It also
                                                  reduces costs and risks to the business, with
                                                  climate change and biodiversity identified as key
                                                  risks monitored by the Board.

42        Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
                                                                                                                                      Strategic report


                                                                               In 2019, we launched our Community
                                                                               Communications Plan. This toolkit will help our
                                                                               land, planning, sales and marketing teams
                                                                               organise activities and events that foster
                                                                               relationships between the new and existing
                                                                               community, and that make it easier for new
                                                                               residents to set down roots. It also emphasises
                                                                               the importance of providing good information for
                                                                               customers on the facilities, services and activities
                                                                               happening in their area. The toolkit covers the
                                                                               whole development process from planning to
                                                                               after construction finishes and will help us take a
                                                                               consistent approach across our sites.

                                                                               Local consultation
                                                                               We believe that local residents deserve a say in
                                                                               what happens in their local community. During
                                                                               2019 we ran 187 community meetings and
                                                                               events, including public exhibitions.
                                                                               We are proud of our approach to community
                                                                               engagement and the way that our employees
                                                                               deliver it. We have a comprehensive community
                                                                               engagement framework which applies to every
                                                                               stage of the development timeline, from
                                                                               pre-planning consultation to ongoing
                                                                               communication with existing and new residents
                                                                               during and after construction. Our approach
                                                                               goes well beyond regulatory requirements,
                                                                               with engagement starting before we submit a
                                                                               planning application and continuing throughout
                                                                               the development process. Wherever possible,
                                                                               we use the feedback obtained as part of our
                                                                               community engagement to develop and improve
                                                                               our design proposals. To fully understand local
                                                                               views, it is important that we reach a wide range
              Material issue:                                                  of stakeholders from residents, property owners
              Managing land, planning and engagement MI                        and local authorities, to businesses, schools,
                                                                               residents’ associations and other groups.
                                                                               We are committed to publishing information
                                                                               on proposed developments online so that
                                  Connecting residents at                      members of local communities and other
“We want to work with             Lawley village                               interested parties can easily find out what
 housebuilders who can help       Residents in our 186 homes at Lawley         we are planning and where.
 us achieve our goals on          Phase 8, part of the Lawley village
 climate change and health        community, have access to quality areas      Sustainability
 and wellbeing.”                  of public open space, and a good network     We aim to use natural resources efficiently
                                  of public transport including a bus route    and to reduce our impact on the environment.
Local Authority                   and extensive network of cycle paths. The    We are pleased to have reduced our direct
                                  scheme borders parkland and integrates       emissions intensity (tonnes of CO2e per 100 sqm
SR   Read more in our 2019        ‘pocket parks’ which provide community       of homes built) by 43% since 2013, putting us
     Sustainability Report        areas, activity spaces and resting places.   on track towards our target of 50% reduction in
                                  The scheme was shortlisted for a National    direct emissions intensity (scope 1 and 2) by
                                  Design Award in 2019.                        2023. We have also achieved an absolute
                                                                               reduction in emissions of 19% since 2013, even
                                                                               with a 42% increase in completed floor area.




 www.taylorwimpey.co.uk                                                                                                        43
Non-financial information statement


Non-financial information statement
Our Annual Report contains a range of non-financial information. The following table summarises where this can be found in our reporting.

 Environmental matters                                                                               ​                       ​                                    ​

 Our performance                                    ​             ​      2019      2018       2017   Our policies
 Scope 1 GHG emissions – combustion of fuel tonnes CO2e     21,018              20,328    18,889     Sustainability Policy
 Scope 2 GHG emissions – market based         tonnes CO2e    3,563               4,509     4,794     Climate Policy
                                                                                                     Health Safety and Environmental Policy
 Total scopes 1 and 2 – market based          tonnes CO2e   24,581              24,837    23,683
                                                                                                     Supply Chain Policy
 Emissions per 100 sqm completed homes        tonnes CO2e/
                                                                                                     Waste and Resource Use Policy
 (scope 1 and 2)                              100 sqm         1.62                 1.73       1.73
 Operational energy use (fuel and electricity                                                        Our impact and related Principal Risks                       Read more
 consumption from UK sites and offices)       MWh          101,352              95,170    89,550     We report our approach to climate change governance,
 Operational energy intensity (UK site and                                                           strategy and risk management as well as our greenhouse
 office fuel and electricity intensity –                                                             gas emissions within:
 MWh / 100 sqm completed homes)               MWh/100 sqm       6.8                 6.8        6.5
                                                                                                     Making a difference for our stakeholders – our communities   42-43
      Read more on page 138                                                                          Our approach to identifying and managing risk                47


 Employees                                              ​                                            ​                                                            ​

 Our performance                                        Our policies                                 Our impact and related Principal Risks                       Read more
 95% of employees believe we are committed              Business Conduct Policy                      More information on our employees can be found within:
 to being a more inclusive organisation.                Diversity Policy                             Our strategy and key performance indicators                  28
 Voted by employees as one of the top 50                                                             Making a difference for our stakeholders – our employees     36-37
 places to work in the UK for 2020.                                                                  Principal Risks and Uncertainties                            50
                                                                                                     Engaging with our stakeholders – our employees               78-79

 Human rights                                           ​                                            ​                                                            ​

 Our performance                                        Our policies                                 Our impact and related Principal Risks                       Read more
 Continue to train employees to identify signs of       Anti-Slavery, Human Trafficking and          More information on our approach to human rights
 modern slavery and human trafficking for which         Human Rights Policy                          can be found within:
 we operate a zero tolerance policy.                    Supplier Code of Conduct                     Making a difference for our stakeholders – our employees     36-37
                                                        Supply Chain Policy                          Making a difference for our stakeholders – our partners      38-39

 Social matters                                         ​                                            ​                                                            ​

 Our performance                                        Our policies                                 Our impact and related Principal Risks                       Read more
 Contributed £447 million to communities via our        Community Policy                             More information on how we engage with our
 planning obligations.                                  Donations Policy                             communities and social matters can be found within:
                                                        Charity and Community Support Policy
                                                        Sustainability Policy                        Making a difference for our stakeholders – our communities   42-43

 Anti-bribery and anti-corruption                       ​                                            ​                                                            ​

 Our performance                                        Our policies                                 Our impact and related Principal Risks                       Read more
 Training for all impacted employees.                   Business Conduct Policy                      More information on anti-bribery
 Strict rules in relation to recording, giving or       Anti-Corruption Policy                       and anti-corruption can be found within:
 receiving of gifts.                                    Fraud Mitigation and Response Policy
                                                        Whistleblowing Protected Disclosure Policy   Corporate governance – Board activities                      70-75

 Business model                                         ​                                            ​                                                            ​

 Our performance                                        Our policies                                 Our impact and related Principal Risks                       Read more
 Delivered a record sales rate of 0.96 per              Community Policy                             More information on our business model and its links to
 outlet per week, demonstrating our                     Sustainability Policy                        our strategy and stakeholders can be found within:
 operational efficiency.                                Customer Service Policy
 Improved independently measured quality.                                                            Our business model                                           30-31

 Non-financial KPIs                                     ​                                            ​                       ​                                    ​

 Our performance                                        Our policies                                 Our impact and related Principal Risks                       Read more
 Customer satisfaction 8-week ‘would you                Customer Service Policy                      Our non-financial KPIs can be found within:
 recommend?’ score of 89%, slightly below last          Health Safety and Environmental Policy
 year but improvement in 9-month ‘would you             Communications and Investor Relations        Our strategy and key performance indicators                  24-29
 recommend?’ score.                                     Policy
 32% reduction in Health and Safety Annual
 Injury Incidence Rate (per 100,000 employees
 and contractors).




44      Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
Our approach to identifying and managing risk



Risk management
                                                                                                                                                                  Strategic report

As with any business, Taylor Wimpey faces risks and uncertainties in
the course of its operations. It is only by timely identification, effective
management and monitoring of these risks that we are able to deliver
our strategy and strategic goals.



Governance                                               The Board takes a proactive approach to the
                                                         management of these and regularly reviews both
                                                                                                             At the Board meeting in February 2020, the
                                                                                                             Board completed its annual assessment of risks.
The Board has overall responsibility for risk            internal and external factors to identify and       This followed the Audit Committee’s formal
oversight, for maintaining a robust risk management      assess the impact on the business and in turn       assessment of risk in December 2019, which
and internal control system and for determining          identify the Principal Risks that would impact      was supported by a detailed risk assessment by
the Group’s appetite for exposure to the                 delivery of Group strategy.                         the GMT and their review of the effectiveness of
Principal Risks to the achievement of its strategy.                                                          internal controls.
                                                         The Chief Executive is primarily responsible for
The Audit Committee supports the Board                   the management of the risks, with the support of    The diagram below illustrates the internal
in the management of risk and is responsible             the Group Management Team (GMT) and other           governance process within the Group around
for reviewing the effectiveness of the risk              senior managers located in the business. In line    risk management.
management and internal control processes                with the 2018 UK Corporate Governance Code,
during the year.                                         the Board holds formal risk reviews at least half   Identification of risks
                                                         yearly and routinely considers risk at each Board   Our risk management and internal control
The Board recognises the importance of                   meeting as appropriate.
identifying and actively monitoring our strategic,                                                           frameworks define the procedures to manage
reputational, financial and operational risks, and       The formal assessment includes consideration        and mitigate risks facing the business, rather
other longer term threats, trends and challenges         of the Principal Risks to ensure they remain        than eliminate risk altogether and can only
facing the business.                                     appropriate as well as the key risks identified     provide reasonable and not absolute assurance
                                                         by the business, their risk profile and             against material misstatement or loss.
                                                         mitigating factors.                                 Identifying risks is a continual process and
                                                                                                             risk registers are maintained throughout the
                                                                                                             Group at an individual site level, at the business
                                  Risk Management Framework                                                  unit level and at Group-wide functional levels.
                                                                                                             The business unit and functional registers are
                                                                                                             reviewed twice a year as part of our formal risk
                                                                                                             assessment process. In determining the risk,
                                                                                                             consideration is given to both internal and
                                                    Board                                                    external factors. The registers document both
                                                   approval                                                  the inherent risks before consideration of any
                                                                                                             mitigations and residual risks after consideration
                                                                                                             of effective mitigations.

                                               Audit Committee                                               A consolidated view of the risk environment,
                        re                          review                                                   including potential emerging risks, is discussed,
                           po
                              rti
                                  ng                                                                         challenged and approved by the Group
                                                                                Mo                           Operations Team (GOT), GMT and Audit
                      n&
                    tio
                                                                                  nit                        Committee before being presented to the Board,
                                            GOT/GMT review of key,                 or
                                                                                                             ensuring all key risks to the Group are known
                  ica                                                                  ing
                                          principal and emerging risks                                       and are being actively monitored and appropriate
                 un
               mm                                                                                            mitigations / actions are in place to ensure risk
             Co                                                                                              falls within the tolerance set by the Board.

                                           Consolidation of key risks



                                               Top-down (functions)
                                                         +
                                            Bottom-up (business units)
                                       Risk identification and assessment




                          Inputs (e.g. business change, external factors, workshops)




www.taylorwimpey.co.uk                                                                                                                                      45
Our approach to identifying and managing risk continued




Evaluation of risks                                    Management of risks                                    Risk appetite
A risk scoring matrix is used to ensure risks are      Ownership and management of the Principal              The risk appetite for the Group is set by
evaluated on a consistent basis. Our matrix            and key risks is assigned to members of the            the Board. In defining this, the Board has
considers likelihood based on probability of           GMT or senior management as appropriate.               considered the expectations of its shareholders
occurrence and impact based on financial,              They are responsible for reviewing the operating       and other stakeholders and recognises the
reputation, customer, health & safety, employees,      effectiveness of the internal control systems,         distinction between those risks we can actively
environment, operational, legal & regulatory and       for considering and implementing risk mitigation       manage, for example around our landbank and
IT perspectives, to help determine those risks         plans and for the ongoing review and monitoring        those against which the Group would need to be
that are considered to be key in delivering our        of the identified risk. This includes the monitoring   responsive as and when they became known,
strategy. Key risks are defined as those with a        of progress against agreed KPIs as an integral         for example transitional arrangements for
score equal to or greater than 12 and these are        part of the business process and core activities.      changing building regulations.
reviewed and monitored by the Board as part of
                                                                                                              Agreed risk appetite and risk tolerance levels for
a bi-annual risk assessment process.
                                                                                                              each of our Principal Risks are detailed in the
Each risk is evaluated at the inherent level, at the                                                          table below. The residual risk ratings of all our
residual level and consideration is given to the                                                              Principal Risks are within our established risk
target level where we want the risk level to be                                                               tolerance levels.
based on our risk appetite. All identified risks are
aligned to our Principal Risks to help validate the
continuance of such or the identification of
potential new Principal Risks.




 Principal Risk                  Risk Appetite          Risk Tolerance         Commentary

 A. Government                   Low                    Low to moderate        We operate in an increasingly regulatory and compliance based
 policy and planning                                                           environment impacting all aspects of our business operations.
 regulations                                                                   We are committed to ensure we ‘do the right thing’ in this respect
                                                                               and as such we have a low risk appetite in this area, using this to set
                                                                               us apart from competitors.

 B. Impact of the market         Low                    Low to moderate        During the year there was heightened political uncertainty and the
 environment on                                                                short-medium term implications remain unknown. We continue to keep a
 mortgage availability                                                         watching brief over the situation and we have a low risk appetite in this
 and housing demand                                                            area, due to the impact changes could have on the business.

 C. Material costs               Low to moderate        Moderate               Economic and political factors impact this risk but we believe the actions
 and availability of                                                           we have put in place provide us with strong foundations going forward,
 subcontractors                                                                therefore we have a low to moderate risk appetite in this area.

 D. Ability to attract and       Moderate               Moderate               People are the foundation of our organisation. To deliver our objectives
 retain high-calibre                                                           we need the right calibre of employees and we have implemented a
 employees                                                                     number of initiatives in this area. These and other existing mechanisms to
                                                                               retain and develop our employees leads us to having a moderate risk
                                                                               appetite in this area.

 E. Land purchasing              Moderate               Moderate               We continue to have a strong landbank, including our strategic pipeline.
                                                                               We continue to look for opportunities in the right location that optimise
                                                                               our value and we have a moderate risk appetite in this area.

 F. Quality and                  Low                    Low to moderate        Fundamental to our business model is the quality of our build and
 reputation                                                                    maintaining our strong reputation. Conscious that there are an
                                                                               ever-increasing number of sources that could have a detrimental
                                                                               impact on our reputation, starting with build quality, we have a low risk
                                                                               appetite in this area.

 G. Site and                     Low                    Low                    Safety of our staff, indirect and direct, and in the products we supply and
 product safety                                                                fit is of paramount importance not only to our business but also to our
                                                                               values, therefore we have a very low risk appetite in this area.


46      Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
                                                                                                                                                                     Strategic report


Emerging risks                                       Specific risk areas other than                          Housing remains high on the agendas of the
In accordance with the 2018 UK Corporate             the Principal Risks                                     Government and the main political parties.
Governance Code, we are including a section                                                                  The sector faces increasing scrutiny and pressure
                                                     The Group considers other specific risk areas
on our process around emerging risks. A formal                                                               from social media and pressure groups, together
                                                     recognising the increasing complexity of the
risk workshop was held in November 2019 with                                                                 with greater oversight from Government through
                                                     industry in which it operates and are in addition
the Group’s senior management teams with the                                                                 a planned Design Champion and a single
                                                     to its identified Principal Risks. These include
aim of identifying emerging risks to the Group.                                                              New Homes Ombudsman. We endeavour to
                                                     risks from a wider technology, cyber and climate
The emerging risks are defined as those where                                                                deliver both the letter and the spirit of regulations
                                                     perspective. We also give consideration to
the extent and implications are not yet fully                                                                and maintain this same ethos in our relationships
                                                     widespread emerging health risks and monitor
understood, and consideration is given to the                                                                with our customers.
                                                     accordingly. At the time of writing we do not
potential timeframe and velocity of impact that      consider coronavirus to pose an immediate
these could have on the Group. As part of our        risk to our business, but we will continue to monitor
                                                                                                             Climate change governance,
risk management process, these were                  closely with our supplier base. We continue to          strategy and risk
discussed and agreed by the Board.                   improve and invest in our information technology        Our current target is to achieve a 50% reduction
These emerging risks were grouped into the           to mitigate ever-increasing cyber threats and           in our direct emissions (scope 1 and 2) intensity
following categories:                                data loss, theft or corruption. Our Sustainability      by 2023 against our 2013 baseline (tonnes of
                                                     and Climate Change Risk and Opportunity                 CO2 per 100sq metres of completed homes).
–– Environmental / climate                           Register highlights the material risks and              Last year we conducted a review of our target.
–– Operational / build                               opportunities facing the Group in relation to           We identified that deeper emission cuts are
–– Political / economic                              sustainability and climate change as well as            needed to align with climate science and the rules
–– Technological                                     those monitored on the Group Risk Register.             governing the setting of science-based targets,
–– Social                                            In addition, our climate change related risks and       whilst also allowing for the construction of more
–– Governmental                                      opportunities are available as part of our 2019         much-needed homes in line with Government
                                                     CDP submission. More information is available at        plans. We plan to develop a science-based
These will be monitored and reviewed as part of      www.taylorwimpey.co.uk/corporate
the ongoing risk assessment process.                                                                         carbon reduction target by the end of 2020.
                                                     Together these support both the Audit                   We support the aims of the Task Force on
                                                     Committee and the Board in their evaluation of          Climate-related Financial Disclosures and
                                                     the identified risks facing the Group.                  aim to increase our disclosure in line with its
                                                                                                             recommendations. We have summarised our
                                                                                                             approach below. Further details are included in
                                                                                                             our Sustainability Report and submission to
                                                                                                             CDP, both available on our website.


Our approach to managing climate change-related risk
Governance       Our Legacy, Engagement and Action for the Future (LEAF) committee, chaired by a member of our Group Management Team (GMT),
                 is responsible for reviewing climate strategy, risks and opportunities and meets four times a year. The LEAF Chair reports to the Board
                 twice a year. Ultimate responsibility for our approach to climate change resides with our Chief Executive. Below Board level, the Director of
                 Sustainability is responsible for monitoring climate-related issues as part of the overall risk management process. They report on risk and
                 progress against targets to the GMT on a monthly basis. Our Audit Committee reviews financial and non-financial risks included in the
                 Group Risk Register, which includes climate change. They receive an update on sustainability risks every six months.
Strategy         Climate change risks have the potential to impact our business strategy through increased costs, reduced productivity and reputational
                 damage. We assess climate risks to the business using short (0-5 years), medium (6-10 years) and long term (11+ years) horizons.
                 The most material climate-related risks are: changes in weather patterns and an increase in severe weather events which could affect the
                 availability and cost of raw materials, impact energy and water use, increase flood risk and impact productivity; and increased regulation
                 and taxation. The most material opportunities in the short term relate to the financial benefits associated with our use of low carbon goods
                 and services as well as shifts in consumer preference to favour low carbon homes and products. In the longer term, the most material
                 opportunity relates to improved business resilience due to implementation of climate change adaptation measures. We have conducted
                 analysis on increased flood risk relating to climate change and are exploring the potential to conduct further scenario analyses.
Risk       Climate change and biodiversity are included as key risks in our consolidated Group Risk Register. Sustainability risks are also integrated
management into our corporate risk management framework, through function risk registers and our Climate Change and Sustainability Risk and
                 Opportunity Register. Our Climate Change Register guides the climate change adaptation of our business practices and the homes we
                 build. For each climate-related risk and opportunity the register identifies: risk driver, description of risk, potential impact, timeframe,
                 whether the risk or opportunity is direct or indirect, likelihood and magnitude of impact. This is a standing item on every LEAF committee
                 agenda. The committee makes recommendations to the GMT on how to mitigate, transfer, accept, or control climate-related risks. We
                 prioritise our climate change risks and opportunities based on their materiality to our business, measured in % of profit before tax (PBT).
                 A % PBT greater than 20% is considered a major impact. A large risk in terms of likelihood is a greater than 50% chance.
Metrics          We have set a reduction target for our scope 1 and 2 emissions and report progress on a range of key performance indicators,
and targets      covering our direct and value chain emissions. We will set a science-based carbon reduction target by the end of 2020.


www.taylorwimpey.co.uk                                                                                                                                         47
Our principal risks and uncertainties



Our principal risks                                                                                                                                   Putting customers
                                                                                                                                                      and communities
                                                                                                                                                      at the heart of
                                                                                                                                                      our actions




and uncertainties
                                                                                                                             Best in class
                                                                                                                             efficient engine
                                                                                                                             room
                                                                                                                                                    Becoming a
                                                                                                                                                 customer-focused         Build quality
                                                                                                                                                   homebuilder



                                                                                                                                  Be the
                                                                                                                                  employer
                                                                                                                                  of choice in
                                                                                                                                  our industry            Optimising our

Robust risk management underpins our strategic approach, with each risk area                                                                              strong landbank



identified and carefully monitored by the Board and management team.


Principal Risks overview                                                           Our values                   Strategic objectives            Risk change in year

The table opposite summarises the Group’s         A. Government policy and
Principal Risks and uncertainties, showing           planning regulations
how each links to our corporate values and
strategic objectives. Control of each of these
                                                  B. Impact of the market
is critical to the ongoing success of the
                                                     environment on
business. As such, their management is
                                                     mortgage availability
primarily the responsibility of the Chief
                                                     and housing demand
Executive and the GMT, together with the
roles noted in the Principal Risks tables on      C. Material costs and
pages 49 to 52. The Board has finalised its          availability of
assessment of these risks and how the                subcontractors
residual risk profile risk has changed in
                                                  D. Ability to attract and
the year.
                                                     retain high-calibre
                                                     employees

Key to our values                                 E. Land purchasing



                                                  F. Quality and reputation



                                                  G. Site and product safety




Principal Risks heat map
The heat map illustrates the relative inherent           High
and residual positioning of our Principal Risks
from an impact and likelihood perspective. As
an outcome of our risk management process                                              C
a new Principal Risk was agreed by the Board
around ‘Quality and reputation’, recognising                                                    D           A
that both elements are fundamental to the
achievement of our strategy. Further details
                                                                                                    E
on our Principal Risks can be found on the                                                                  G    B
                                                                                   A

                                                  Likelihood
following pages.                                                                                        F

                                                                                           B
                                                                                   C

                                                                                       F
                                                                          D    E




                                                                      G

Key
                                                         Low
      Residual       Inherent                                   Low                                                           High
                                                                                           Impact

48        Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
                                                                                                                                                                      Strategic report



Principal Risk                        Accountability           Key mitigations               Residual risk change in year          Opportunity

A. Government policy                  –– Group Operations      –– Ground Rent Review                                               To build enhanced
and planning                             Director                 Assistance Scheme                                                collaborative networks
regulations                           –– Regional Managing     –– Ongoing and regular                                              with stakeholders
                                         Directors                review of building         2019 saw heightened                   and peers, to monitor
The industry in which we                                                                     economic and political                the implications of
                                                                  regulations
operate is becoming                                                                          uncertainty. There were               regulatory change.
increasingly regulated. Any                                    –– Consultation with
                                                                  Government agencies        also a number of new and
adverse changes to                                                                                                                 Lead the business in
                                                                                             proposed policies on climate
Government policy, for                                                                                                             addressing pressing
                                                                                             targets and future home
example around changes to                                                                                                          environmental issues,
                                                                                             standards and the short-
building regulations, could                                                                                                        including reducing our
                                                                                             medium term implications
impact our ability to effectively                                                                                                  carbon footprint and
                                                                                             remain unknown.
meet our strategic objectives.                                                                                                     targeting biodiversity.
                                                                                             As we look ahead we see the
Planning delays could result in                                                              removal of Help to Buy as a
missed opportunities to                                                                      continued risk but having had
optimise our landbank,                                                                       visibility of, and time to plan for
affecting profitability and                                                                  the changes, we consider that
production delivery.                                                                         this risk can be managed.
                                                                                             Overall, we see an increase in
                                                                                             both the inherent and residual
                                                                                             risk profile.

Link to strategy                      Link to values           Residual rating               Risk appetite                         Example key
​                                     ​                        Moderate                      Low                                   risk indicators
                                                                                                                                   –– Removal of Help to Buy
                                                                                                                                   –– New Government
                                                                                                                                      regulations (e.g. around
                                                                                                                                      planning and climate)
                                                                                                                                   –– Delays in planning



Principal Risk                        Accountability           Key mitigations               Residual risk change in year          Opportunity

B. Impact of the                      –– UK Sales and          –– Evaluation of new outlet                                  To continue to develop
market environment                       Marketing Director       openings based on local                                   strong working
on mortgage                           –– Regional Sales and       market conditions                                         relationships with
                                         Marketing Directors   –– Pricing and incentives     Despite wider macro-economic established mainstream
availability and                                                                             and political uncertainty,     lenders and those wishing
                                                                  review
housing demand                                                                               the UK market for new build    to increase volume in the
                                                               –– Review of external data
Sustained growth in interest                                      (e.g. HBF, mortgage        housing remained stable        new build market.
rates, together with low wage                                     lenders)                   during 2019. Affordability
inflation or reduced confidence                                                              remains good with low interest
in continued employment,                                                                     rates and widespread
could challenge mortgage                                                                     availability of mortgages.
affordability resulting in a direct
                                                                                             Page 19 provides further
impact on our volume targets.
                                                                                             analysis of these key drivers
                                                                                             and our medium term
                                                                                             expectations.

Link to strategy                      Link to values           Residual rating               Risk appetite                         Example key
​                                     ​                        Moderate                      Low                                   risk indicators
                                                                                                                                   –– Interest rate increases
                                                                                                                                   –– Levels of unemployment
                                                                                                                                   –– Volume of enquiries /
                                                                                                                                      people visiting our
                                                                                                                                      developments
                                                                                                                                   –– UK household spending
                                                                                                                                   –– Loan to value metrics

www.taylorwimpey.co.uk                                                                                                                                          49
Our principal risks and uncertainties continued




 Principal Risk                         Accountability         Key mitigations              Residual risk change in year       Opportunity

 C. Material costs                      –– Group Operations    –– Key supplier agreements                                      To develop and implement
 and availability                          Director            –– Trials of build methods                                      different build methods as
 of subcontractors                      –– Head of             –– Direct trade and                                             alternatives to conventional
                                           Procurement            apprenticeship            There continues to be              brick and block.
 A continued increase in                                                                    pressure on the availability of
 housing demand and                     –– Regional Commercial    programmes                                                   To continue to develop
                                           Directors                                        certain build materials and a
 production may further strain                                                                                                 our direct trade and
                                                                                            shortage of skilled labour in
 the availability of skilled                                                                                                   apprenticeship schemes
                                                                                            the housebuilding industry.
 subcontractors and materials                                                                                                  to build further expertise
                                                                                            However, we consider the
 and put pressure on utility firms                                                                                             and capability in the
                                                                                            inherent risk around this to be
 to keep up with the pace of                                                                                                   business.
                                                                                            unchanged and, based on the
 installation resulting in                                                                  mitigations in place, so too the
 increased costs and                                                                        residual risk.
 construction delays.


 Link to strategy                       Link to values         Residual rating              Risk appetite                      Example key
 ​                                      ​                      Moderate                     Low-moderate                       risk indicators
                                                                                                                               –– Material and trade
                                                                                                                                  shortages
                                                                                                                               –– Material and trade price
                                                                                                                                  increases
                                                                                                                               –– Level of build quality
                                                                                                                                  and waste produced
                                                                                                                                  from sites
                                                                                                                               –– Longer build times
                                                                                                                               –– Number of skilled trades



 Principal Risk                         Accountability         Key mitigations              Residual risk change in year       Opportunity

 D. Ability to attract                  –– Group HR Director   –– Production Academy                                           To further develop
 and retain high-calibre                –– Every employee      –– Management training                                          in-house capability,
 employees                                 managing people     –– Graduate programme                                           expertise and knowledge.
                                                                                            People are the foundation of
 An inability to attract, develop,                             –– Apprenticeship
                                                                                            our business and whilst the
 motivate and retain high-calibre                                 programme
                                                                                            inherent risk may have
 employees, together with a                                                                 increased slightly, the strong
 failure to consider the retention                                                          mechanisms we have
 and succession of key                                                                      established enable us to
 management could result in a                                                               consider that the residual risk
 failure to deliver our strategic                                                           remains unchanged.
 objectives, a loss of corporate
 knowledge and a loss of
 competitive advantage.


 Link to strategy                       Link to values         Residual rating              Risk appetite                      Example key
 ​                                      ​                      Low                          Moderate                           risk indicators
                                                                                                                               –– Employee engagement
                                                                                                                                  score
                                                                                                                               –– Number of, and time to
                                                                                                                                  fill, vacancies
                                                                                                                               –– Employee turnover
                                                                                                                                  levels

Key to our values



Respectful and fair   Take responsibility    Better tomorrow    Be proud


50       Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
                                                                                                                                                             Strategic report



Principal Risk                     Accountability           Key mitigations               Residual risk change in year      Opportunity

E. Land purchasing                 –– Divisional Managing   –– Critically assess                                            A strong balance sheet
The purchase of land of poor          Directors                opportunities                                                allows us to invest when
quality, at too high a price, or   –– Regional Managing     –– Land quality framework                                       land market conditions
the incorrect timing of land          Directors                                           We continue to hold a strong      are attractive.
purchases in relation to the       –– Regional Land and                                   landbank, including our
economic cycle could impact           Planning Directors                                  strategic land pipeline and
future profitability.                                                                     consider both the inherent and
                                   –– Strategic Land
                                                                                          residual risk levels to remain
                                      Managing Directors
                                                                                          unchanged.




Link to strategy                   Link to values           Residual rating               Risk appetite                     Example key
​                                  ​                        Low                           Moderate                          risk indicators
                                                                                                                            –– Movement in landbank
                                                                                                                               years
                                                                                                                            –– Number of land
                                                                                                                               approvals
                                                                                                                            –– Timing of conversions
                                                                                                                               from strategically
                                                                                                                               sourced land



Principal Risk                     Accountability           Key mitigations               Residual risk change in year      Opportunity

F. Quality                        –– Customer Director      –– Customer-ready Home                                          To better understand the
and reputation                    –– UK Production             Quality Inspection (HQI)                                     needs of our customers
                                     Director               –– Consistent Quality                                           enabling clearer
The quality of our products is
                                                               Approach (CQA)             This is a new Principal Risk      transparency of our build
key to our strategic objective of –– Group Director of
                                     Design                 –– Quality Managers in the    identified in 2019, recognising   profile.
being a customer-focused
                                                               business                   the fundamental nature of
business and in ensuring that                                                                                               To lead the industry in
                                                                                          maintaining both our quality
we do things right first time.                                                                                              quality standards (our
                                                                                          and reputation in the delivery
                                                                                                                            Construction Quality
If the Group fails to deliver                                                             of our strategy and their
                                                                                                                            Review score) and reduce
against these standards and                                                               importance to our customers
                                                                                                                            the number of reportable
its wider development                                                                     and stakeholders.
                                                                                                                            items identified through
obligations, it could be exposed
                                                                                                                            monitoring defects at
to reputational damage, as
                                                                                                                            every stage of build.
well as reduced sales and
increased costs.

Link to strategy                   Link to values           Residual rating               Risk appetite                     Example key
​                                  ​                        Moderate                      Low                               risk indicators
                                                                                                                            –– Customer satisfaction
                                                                                                                               metrics (9 month and 8
                                                                                                                               weeks)
                                                                                                                            –– Number of NHBC
                                                                                                                               claims
                                                                                                                            –– CQR scores
                                                                                                                            –– Average reportable
                                                                                                                               items per inspection




www.taylorwimpey.co.uk                                                                                                                                 51
Our principal risks and uncertainties continued




 Principal Risk                         Accountability           Key mitigations                Residual risk change in year      Opportunity

 G. Site and                            –– Director of Health,   –– Embedded HSE system                                           To lead the industry in
 product safety                            Safety and            –– HSE training and                                              health and safety and to
                                           Environment              inductions                                                    reduce the amount and
 The health and safety of all our
                                        –– Group Operations                                     No change in risk in year.        level of incidents.
 employees, subcontractors,
                                           Director                                             This is an ever-present risk in
 visitors and customers is of
                                        –– Group Director of                                    our industry and the inherent
 paramount importance. Failure
                                           Design                                               risk remains unchanged. This
 to implement and monitor our
                                                                                                is an area where we continue
 stringent health, safety and           –– Every employee and
                                                                                                to maintain the highest
 environment (HSE) procedures              subcontractor
                                                                                                possible standards and we
 and policies across all parts of
                                                                                                consider the mitigations we
 the business could lead to
                                                                                                have implemented enable us
 accidents or site-related
                                                                                                to determine the residual risk
 incidents resulting in serious
                                                                                                being unchanged.
 injury or loss of life

 Link to strategy                       Link to values           Residual rating                Risk appetite                     Example key
                                                                 Low                            Low                               risk indicators
                                                                                                                                  –– Increase in near misses
                                                                                                                                     and fatalities
                                                                                                                                  –– Health and safety audit
                                                                                                                                     outcomes
                                                                                                                                  –– Number of reportable
                                                                                                                                     health and safety
                                                                                                                                     incidents

Key to our values



Respectful and fair   Take responsibility    Better tomorrow      Be proud




Viability Statement
In accordance with the 2018 UK Corporate                 –– Our Group strategy is underpinned by our          Assessment of prospects
Governance Code, the Directors and the                      short term landbank, which supports               We consider the long term prospects of the
senior management team have assessed the                    c.4.8 years of development at current             Group in light of our business model. Our
prospects of the Company for a period longer                completion levels                                 strategy to deliver sustainable value is achieved
than the 12 months required by the ‘going                The time period is challenged annually to ensure     through delivering high-quality homes in the
concern’ provision.                                      that it remains appropriate. In determining the      locations where people want to live, with
                                                         appropriate time period the Directors also           excellent customer service, whilst carefully
Time period                                              considered:                                          managing our cost base and the Group’s
The Directors have assessed the viability of the                                                              balance sheet.
                                                         –– The cyclical nature of the market in which the
Group over a five-year period, taking account                                                                 Management re-evaluates the medium
                                                            Group operates, which tends to follow the
of the Group’s current financial position and                                                                 to long term strategy, in light of external,
                                                            economic cycle
the potential impact of the Principal and                                                                     economic and industry changes. If appropriate,
                                                         –– The nature of the economic cycle and our
emerging risks facing the Group. The Directors                                                                management adapts the strategy accordingly,
                                                            expectations of how this will impact us
have determined this as an appropriate period                                                                 in light of changes; for example, for material
over which to assess the viability based on              –– Consideration of the impact of Government
                                                            policy, planning regulations and the mortgage     changes in planning and the wider housing
the following:                                                                                                market fundamentals.
                                                            market
–– Five years is a reasonable estimate                                                                        In assessing the Group’s prospects and long
                                                         –– Long term supply of land, which is supported
   of the typical time between purchasing                                                                     term viability due consideration is given to:
                                                            by our strategic landbank
   land (obtaining planning permission,
                                                         –– Changes in technology and customer                –– The Group’s current market position and
   putting in place infrastructure and
                                                            expectations                                         performance, this includes the current year
   commencing build) and selling homes
   to customers from a development                                                                               performance (pages 18 to 21), the output from
                                                                                                                 the annual business planning process and
                                                                                                                 financing arrangements



52       Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
                                                                                                                                                                     Strategic report


–– Strategy and business model flexibility,             These financial forecasts are based on a                The mitigating actions considered in the model
   including build quality, customer dynamics           number of key assumptions, the most important           include a reduction in land investment,
   and approach to land investment. Further             of which include:                                       a reduction in the level of production and work in
   detail is provided on pages 24 to 29                                                                         progress held and optimising our overhead base
                                                        –– Timing and volume of legal completions of
–– Principal Risks associated with the Group’s                                                                  to ensure it aligns with the scale of the
                                                           new homes sold, this includes annual
   strategy and those risks that could most impact                                                              operations through the cycle.
                                                           production volumes and sales rates over the
   our ability to remain in operation and meet our         life of the individual developments                  The Group’s liquidity (deﬁned as cash and
   liabilities as they fall due and how we have                                                                 undrawn committed facilities) was £1,180 million
                                                        –– Average selling prices achieved
   taken these into consideration when making                                                                   at 31 December 2019. This is sufﬁcient to
                                                        –– Build costs and cost of land acquisitions
   our assessment of the Group’s viability                                                                      absorb the ﬁnancial impact of each of the risks
                                                        –– Working capital requirements
                                                                                                                modelled in the stress and sensitivity analysis.
Principal Risks                                         –– Capital repayment plan continues to operate
                                                                                                                If these scenarios were to occur, we have a
                                                           with an ordinary dividend at a minimum of
The schedule of Principal Risks is routinely                                                                    range of additional options to maintain our
                                                           £250 million or 7.5% of the Group Net Assets
subject to a comprehensive review by the                                                                        ﬁnancial strength, including; reduction in capital
                                                           and special dividends where free cash is
executive committee and Board. Consideration                                                                    expenditure; the sale of assets; raising debt; and
                                                           generated by the Group after land investment,
is given to the risk likelihood based on the                                                                    reducing the dividend.
                                                           all working capital, taxation and other cash
probability of occurrence and potential impact
                                                           requirements of the business in executing our
on our business, together with the effectiveness
                                                           strategy in the near term and after the
                                                                                                                Confirmation of viability
of mitigations. The quality of our product and the                                                              Based on the results of this analysis, the
                                                           payment of the Group’s ordinary dividend
strength of our reputation are key to our strategy                                                              Directors have a reasonable expectation that the
                                                        –– In February 2020, the Group’s £550 million
and the Board has identified a new standalone                                                                   Company will be able to continue in operation
                                                           revolving credit facility was extended by one
Principal Risk of ‘Quality and reputation’ to                                                                   and meet its liabilities as they fall due over the
                                                           further year to mature February 2025
reflect this (page 51). It was agreed that none of                                                              five-year period of their assessment.
the changes in risks, their likelihood or probability
during the year had a significant impact on the         Stress testing our risk resilience
Group’s viability.                                      The assessment considers sensitivity analysis
                                                        on a series of realistically possible, but severe and
The Directors have considered the impact of the
                                                        prolonged, changes to principal assumptions.
Principal Risks (see pages 48-52 for full details of
                                                        In determining these we have included
the Group’s Principal Risks) on the viability of the
                                                        macro-economic and industry-wide projections
business by performing a range of sensitivity
                                                        as well as matters specific to the Group.
analyses including severe but plausible scenarios
together with the likely effectiveness of mitigating    This downside scenario reflects the potential
actions by the Directors. The Directors identified      impact of a sharp decline in customer confidence,
the Principal Risk relating to the potential impact     disposable incomes, and higher mortgage
of an economic downturn on mortgage availability        interest rates. To arrive at our stress test we
and demand as most important in the assessment          have drawn on experience gained managing the
of the Group’s viability. The following Principal       business through previous economic downturns.
Risks; ‘Quality and reputation’ and ‘Government         We have applied the sensitivities encountered
policy and planning regulations’ were also              at those times as well as the mitigations adopted
considered to have the potential to impact on           to our 2020 expectation in order to test the
customer demand and, in turn, the volume and            resilience of our business. As a result, we have
price of our sales and this was also factored into      stress tested our business against the following
the scenario analysis.                                  downside scenarios;
                                                        –– Volume – reduced volumes from 2019
Assessment of viability                                    levels by 30% with no recovery
The Group adopts a disciplined annual business          –– Price – reduced selling prices by 20%
planning process which involves the                        with no recovery
management teams of the 24 business units               –– Cost – build cost reductions at a modest 5%
and senior management and is built from a                  and inclusion of a one-off exceptional charge
bottom up basis. This planning process                     and cash cost of £150 million for an
comprises a budget for the next financial year,            unanticipated event or fine
together with a forecast for the following four
financial years.
The financial planning process considers the
Group’s profitability and Income Statement,
Balance Sheet including landbank, gearing and
debt covenants, cash flows and other key
financial metrics over the plan period.




www.taylorwimpey.co.uk                                                                                                                                        53
Group financial review




                                                          Increased
                                                          focus on
                                                          cost discipline
                                                          and process
                                                          simplification
                                                          In 2019, we made good progress
                                                          implementing operational improvements
                                                          across the business. This year, as we
                                                          embed recent initiatives, our focus is on
                                                          cost and process simplification.




                                                          Group financial review of operations
                                                          Income statement
                                                          Group revenue increased by 6.4% to £4,341.3
                                                          million in 2019 (2018: £4,082.0 million). This
                                                          growth was driven by increased completions in
                                                          the UK (excluding joint ventures), up 4.7% to
                                                          15,520 (2018: 14,822) and an improvement in
                                                          the average UK selling price, up 1.8% to
                                                          £268.6k (2018: £263.9k), primarily the result of
                                                          an increase in the average size per completion of
                                                          1.3%. The average selling price on UK private
                                                          completions was £305.4k (2018: £301.8k).
                                                          The UK land cost per completed unit, at £42.9k,
                                                          was 2.9% higher than the prior year (2018:
 Group completions including
 joint ventures                                           £41.7k). The UK land cost per completion as a
                                                          percentage of selling price was 16.0% (2018:

 16,042
 2018: 15,275
                                                          15.8%), resulting from the proportion of
                                                          affordable homes decreasing slightly to 22.4%
                                                          (2018: 22.9%).
                                                          Average build cost per unit in the UK increased to
 Revenue
                                                          £156.6k (2018: £147.4k), driven by the impact of

 £4,341.3m
 2018: £4,082.0m
                                                          build cost inflation and our continued investment in
                                                          build quality and customer experience. Underlying
                                                          annual build cost inflation was c.4.5% year on
                                                          year (2018: c.3.5%). Direct selling expenses per
 Operating profit                                         unit decreased marginally to £5.7k (2018: £5.9k),
                                                          due to further sales efficiencies achieved in

 £850.5m
 2018: £880.2m
                                                          the year.
                                                          Group gross profit of £1,044.1 million (2018:
                                                          £1,074.5 million) decreased by 2.8% and included
                                                          a positive contribution from previously written
 Profit for the year
                                                          down inventory of £10.1 million (2018: £7.7 million).

 £673.9m
 2018: £656.6m


54    Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
                                                                                                                                                                     Strategic report
   Value distributed during 2019 (£m)




   £447.3m                                £275.9m                                   £61.6m                                  £178.8m
   Contribution to local                  Employment                                Pension contributions                   Taxes
   communities                            2018: £258.0m                             2018: £46.5m                            2018: £167.3m
   2018: £455.3m




   £21.7m                                 £6.4m                                     £599.7m
   Net investment                         Interest paid                             Dividends
   in land & WIP                          2018: £8.6m                               2018: £499.5m
   2018: £1.7m




As a result of the increases in UK land and build                                                              The prior year exceptional charge related to the
cost exceeding the growth in revenue, the average                                                              £30.0 million Aluminium Composite Material
UK gross profit per private completion reduced            “Group revenue increased                             (ACM) cladding provision and £16.1 million for
by 9.6% to £70.9k (2018: £78.4k) and the                   by 6.4% to £4,341.3 million                         equalisation of guaranteed minimum pensions
average UK blended gross profit per completion                                                                 following the legal judgement in 2018.
fell by 8.0% to £63.4k (2018: £68.9k).                     in 2019.”
                                                                                                               Profit on ordinary activities before tax increased
During the year, completions from joint ventures                                                               to £835.9 million (2018: £810.7 million) as a
were 199 (2018: 111), in line with the expected           Profit before tax and exceptional items decreased    result of the exceptional credit (2018: exceptional
development plans. The total order book value             by 4.1% to £821.6 million (2018: £856.8 million).    charge). Profit for the year was £673.9 million,
of joint ventures as at 31 December 2019                  The pre-exceptional tax charge was £159.3 million    up by 2.6% on 2018 (2018: £656.6 million).
increased to £62 million (31 December 2018:               (2018: £162.3 million) with an underlying tax rate
                                                          of 19.4% (2018: 18.9%) that largely reflects the     Basic earnings per share was 20.6 pence (2018:
£22 million), representing 142 homes for
                                                          statutory tax rate in the UK. This resulted in a     20.1 pence), an increase of 2.5%. The adjusted
completions in 2020 and 2021. Our share of
                                                          profit, before exceptional items, for the year of    basic earnings per share† was 20.3 pence
results of joint ventures in the period was a profit
                                                          £662.3 million (2018: £694.5 million), 4.6% lower    (2018: 21.3 pence), a reduction of 4.7%.
of £8.0 million (2018: £5.3 million).
                                                          than the prior year.
Group operating profit decreased to £850.5                                                                     Spain
million (2018: £880.2 million), delivering an             The Group discloses material financial impacts
                                                          arising from events which are one-off or unusual     The Spanish market remained healthy
operating profit margin of 19.6% (2018: 21.6%),                                                                throughout the year. We completed 323 homes
the decrease principally due to build cost                in nature as exceptional items. An exceptional
                                                          net credit of £14.3 million was recognised in the    in 2019 (2018: 342) at an average selling price
inflation exceeding house price growth. Profit on                                                              of €429k (2018: €344k). The total order book
ordinary activities before net finance costs              year (2018: £46.1 million charge). The current
                                                          year exceptional credit arose on the                 as at 31 December 2019 stood at 217 homes
increased by 3.4% to £856.8 million (2018:                                                                     (31 December 2018: 284 homes).
£828.8 million). This was due to the year on year         implementation of a Pension Increase Exchange
reduction in operating profit being more than             (PIE) for members of the Taylor Wimpey Pension       The Spanish business delivered an improved
offset by the change in exceptional items from a          Scheme which enables some pension scheme             operating profit of £32.1 million for 2019 (2018:
charge of £46.1 million in 2018 to a credit of            members to elect to exchange future pension          £29.2 million) and an operating profit margin of
£14.3 million in 2019.                                    increases on part of their pensions for a one-off    26.7% (2018: 28.0%). Looking ahead, we
                                                          increase in pension. The exceptional credit          expect volumes to be broadly stable in 2020
Net finance costs for the period were £28.9 million       reflects a decrease in scheme liabilities and is     and, as previously guided, we would expect
(2018: £23.4 million). The increase was primarily         shown net of costs incurred in relation to the       operating profit margins for Spain to moderate
due to a higher charge on unwinding of discount           implementation. An exceptional tax charge of         over time from a strong base.
on land creditors and the net interest expense            £2.7 million was recognised in respect of the
arising on the defined benefit pension scheme.            £14.3 million exceptional credit recognised in
The increase in the pension scheme interest was           the year.
a result of the deficit increasing from £63.7 million
at 1 January 2018 to £133.0 million at 1 January
2019, which drives the period’s charge.


www.taylorwimpey.co.uk                                                                                                                                        55
Group financial review continued




                                                        Balance sheet                                          As at 31 December 2019, in the UK, 89% of the
                                                        Net operating assets increased to £2,800.2             short term owned and controlled landbank was
                                                        million (31 December 2018: £2,611.9 million)           purchased after 2009, 60% of which was
                                                        as a result of a reduction in the retirement benefit   sourced through our strategic pipeline. This
                                                        obligation reflecting the deficit contributions        results in a land cost relative to average selling
                                                        made in the period and provisions which fell to        price in the short term owned landbank of
                                                        £128.4 million (31 December 2018: £170.3               14.9% (31 December 2018: 15.2%).
                                                        million) as claims were made and processed             Average WIP per UK outlet at 31 December
                                                        through the Ground Rent Review Assistance              2019 increased by 7.4% to £5.8 million
                                                        Scheme and costs were incurred to replace              (2018: £5.4 million), consistent with the greater
                                                        ACM cladding.                                          output per site we achieved in 2019. Also UK
     Challenging ourselves                              Return on net operating assets decreased by            WIP turn†** increased to 3.06 times (2018:
     to be better                                       two percentage points to 31.4% (2018: 33.4%).          2.95 times).

     We have made great progress in delivering          This was due to the reduced operating margin in        As at the balance sheet date, the Group held
     our strategy this year by raising our build rate   the year offset partly by an increase in net           certain land and work in progress that had been
     whilst at the same time improving our              operating asset turn†* to 1.60 times (2018:            written down by £68.6 million (31 December
     quality. However, we are always seeking to         1.55 times).                                           2018: £83.0 million) to a net realisable value of
     improve and, having launched a number of           The investment in land and work in progress            £59.3 million (31 December 2018: £73.8 million).
     workstreams in the past two years that will        (WIP) has been maintained at £4,196.0 million          The balance of previously written down land and
     benefit the long term sustainability of our        (2018: £4,188.2 million). This included a UK           work in progress in the UK was £39.0 million
     business, we are increasing our focus on           short term landbank comprised of 75,612 plots          (31 December 2018: £46.6 million), following the
     cost discipline and process simplification.        (2018: 75,995), with a net book value of £2.4          associated write-downs of £30.5 million
                                                        billion (2018: £2.5 billion). This is split between    (31 December 2018: £38.7 million).
     We will not make the mistake of reducing
     specification, damaging quality or                 short term owned land comprised of £2.3 billion        Our net deferred tax asset of £29.8 million
     stopping investment in areas that are vital        (2018: £2.3 billion), representing 54,641 plots        (31 December 2018: £40.7 million) relates to our
     to our long term sustainability, such as           (2018: 53,279) and controlled short term               pension deficit, employee share schemes and
     build quality, build capacity and our              landbank representing 20,971 plots (31                 the temporary differences of our Spanish
     apprenticeship programme. However, as              December 2018: 22,716).                                business, including brought forward trading
     we focus on extracting the benefits of             The value of UK long term owned land decreased         losses. The largest decrease, £9.2 million,
     workstreams already in place, we are also          by 3% to £97 million (2018: £100 million),             relates to the pension deficit that decreased by
     scrutinising our current cost base to target       representing 33,329 plots (2018: 32,354),              £48.5 million following contributions made in
     savings where appropriate:                         with a further total controlled strategic pipeline     the year.

     1. Ensuring our overheads are                      of 106,895 plots (31 December 2018: 95,063).           Land creditors decreased to £729.2 million
        appropriate to the operating                    Total potential revenue in the total UK owned          (31 December 2018: £738.6 million) and,
        environment. We have made good                  and controlled landbank increased to £53 billion       combined with net cash, resulted in an adjusted
        progress applying a zero-base costing           in the period (31 December 2018: £50 billion),         gearing‡‡‡ of 5.5% (31 December 2018: 2.9%).
        approach to our overheads, assessing            reflecting the increase in the scale of the            Included within the land creditor balance is
        each activity and cost against our              strategic land pipeline.                               £56.4 million of UK land overage commitments
        objectives and allocating funds                                                                        (31 December 2018: £102.0 million). £339.9 million
        accordingly.                                                                                           of the land creditors is expected to be paid
     2. Our cost and efficiency programme                                                                      within 12 months and £389.3 million thereafter.
        involves multiple workstreams which are
        underway that will automate certain
        commercial and production processes
                                                         2019 Group results                                                 UK           Spain           Group
        and target efficiencies in procurement
        and product standardisation. These will         Completions including joint ventures                           15,719              323          16,042
        begin to deliver savings in 2020 with
        further benefits expected in 2021 and
                                                        Revenue (£m)                                                  4,220.9            120.4         4,341.3
        2022 as workstreams are fully deployed.         Operating profit (£m)                                           818.4​            32.1           850.5
     3. Upgrades to some of our core                    Operating profit margin (%)                                       19.4            26.7             19.6
        systems in 2019 allowed us to
        enhance our reporting of costs at every         Profit before tax and exceptional items (£m)                           ​               ​         821.6
        level of the business, helping                  Profit for the year (£m)                                               ​               ​         673.9
        operational management understand,
        explain and challenge cost increases            Basic earnings per share (p)                                           ​               ​           20.6
        more effectively. This has significantly        Adjusted basic earnings per share (p)                                  ​               ​           20.3
        improved visibility of cost drivers and
        allows for improved benchmarking                Total dividends paid per share (p)                                     ​               ​           18.3
        across our most common standard
        house types.                                    More information on segmental reporting can be found in Note 5 to the consolidated
                                                        financial statements.

56        Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
                                                                                                                                                                         Strategic report


Net assets at 31 December 2019 increased by                 At 31 December 2019, the IAS 19 valuation of the      Net land spend, including the payment of land
21.1% to £3,907.5 million before dividends paid             Scheme remained in surplus at £100.5 million.         creditors, increased by £100.1 million to £681.5
in the year, and by 2.5% overall, after dividend            Due to the rules of the TWPS, this surplus cannot     million (2018: £581.4 million) and we invested
payments of £599.7 million to £3,307.8 million              be recovered by the Group and therefore a deficit     £2,760.1 million in work in progress (2018:
(31 December 2018: £3,226.8 million). The net               has been recognised on the balance sheet under        £2,406.6 million). This combined with an overall
asset increase was driven by continued                      IFRIC14. This deficit is equal to the present value   decrease in payables and lower operating profit
profitability in the year.                                  of the remaining committed payments under the         resulted in a decrease in net cash from operating
                                                            2016 triennial valuation. Total retirement benefit    activities to £510.0 million (2018: £641.3 million).
                                                            obligations of £85.0 million at 31 December 2019
                                                                                                                  In addition, purchases of fixed assets and
“In the 12 months to                                        (31 December 2018: £133.6 million) comprise a
                                                                                                                  software increased to £12.6 million (2018:
                                                            defined benefit pension liability of £84.5 million
 31 December 2019 we                                        (31 December 2018: £133.0 million), with the
                                                                                                                  £2.4 million) following investment in equipment
                                                                                                                  and systems as part of the workstreams
 converted 82.6% of                                         decrease reflecting payments under the pension
                                                                                                                  to enhance productivity. Corporation tax
                                                            funding plan, and a post-retirement healthcare
 operating profit into                                      liability of £0.5 million (31 December 2018:
                                                                                                                  payments increased to £149.0 million
                                                                                                                  (2018: £139.6 million).
 operating cash flow.”                                      £0.6 million).
                                                                                                                  In the 12 months to 31 December 2019 we
                                                            The Group continues to work closely with the
                                                                                                                  converted 82.6% of operating profit into
                                                            Trustee in managing pension risks, including
                                                                                                                  operating cash flow*** (2018: 92.6%).
Pensions                                                    management of interest rate, inflation and
Following the 31 December 2016 triennial                    longevity risks. The underlying volatility of the     Financing structure
valuation, we agreed a recovery plan with the               TWPS remains low due to the c.£200 million buy        At 31 December 2019 our committed borrowing
Trustee for the period to December 2020. This               in completed in 2014 (c.10% of the liabilities),      facilities were £635 million of which £550 million
included a contribution mechanism, tested                   combined with c.90% liability hedging against         was undrawn. Average net cash for 2019 was
quarterly, such that should the Taylor Wimpey               interest rates and inflation risk exposure on the     £157.0 million (2018: £259.6 million net cash).
Pension Scheme (TWPS) become fully funded                   Scheme’s long term, ‘self-sufficiency’ basis.         At the start of 2020 we extended the term of the
on the Technical Provisions funding basis, further                                                                £550 million revolving credit facility by a further
                                                            Cash generation
contributions would be suspended and only                                                                         year to 2025 resulting in an average maturity of
recommence if the funding level fell below 96%.             Net cash decreased to £545.7 million at
                                                                                                                  the committed borrowing facilities of 4.9 years.
                                                            31 December 2019 from £644.1 million at
The quarterly funding test for 31 December 2018             31 December 2018. This is after returning
showed that the TWPS funding level had fallen               £599.7 million to shareholders by way of
to 94%. The Group therefore recommenced                     dividends in the year (2018: £499.5 million),
regular contributions from January 2019. The                paying £29.9 million in relation to the Ground
most recent funding test at 31 December 2019                Rent Review Assistance Scheme set up to
showed a funding level of 97% on the Technical              assist certain of our customers to move their
Provisions funding basis. As a result, regular              ground rent escalating terms to less expensive
contributions will continue. The Group continues            terms and £5.9 million incurred to replace
to provide a contribution for Scheme expenses               ACM cladding.
and also makes contributions via the Pension
Funding Partnership. Total Scheme contributions
and expenses were £47.1 million in 2019 (2018:
£34.1 million). Payments in 2020 are expected
to be £47.1 million, assuming the TWPS remains
less than 100% funded.

Operating cash flow

25%


20%


15%


10%


 5%


 0%                  2015             2016             2017            2018            2019

   Operating cash flow margin* %         Operating profit margin %     UK land cost as % of revenue
** Cash generated by operations divided by revenue.

www.taylorwimpey.co.uk                                                                                                                                            57
Group financial review continued




Dividends                                                         In addition, on 12 July 2019, we returned £349.9                   Going concern
Subject to shareholder approval at the AGM                        million to shareholders by way of a special                        The Directors remain of the view that the
scheduled for 23 April 2020, the 2019 final                       dividend, equating to 10.70 pence per ordinary                     Group’s financing arrangements and balance
ordinary dividend of 3.80 pence per share will be                 share. As previously announced in July 2019 we                     sheet strength provide both the necessary
paid on 15 May 2020 to shareholders on the                        intend to return c.£360 million to shareholders in                 facilities and covenant headroom to enable the
register at the close of business on 3 April 2020                 July 2020, equating to 10.99 pence per ordinary                    Group to conduct its business for at least the
(2018 final dividend: 3.80 pence per share). In                   share, subject to shareholder approval at the                      next 12 months. Accordingly, the consolidated
combination with the 2019 interim dividend of                     AGM. This is proposed to be paid on 10 July                        financial statements are prepared on a going
3.84 pence per share (2018 interim dividend:                      2020 as a cash dividend to all shareholders on                     concern basis.
2.44 pence per share) this gives a total ordinary                 the register at close of business on 5 June 2020.
dividend for the year of 7.64 pence (2018                         Shareholders will be offered the opportunity to
ordinary dividend: 6.24 pence per share).                         reinvest all of their 2020 special cash dividend
                                                                  under the DRIP, for which elections to join the
This dividend will be paid as a cash dividend,                    Plan must reach the Registrar by 19 June 2020.
and shareholders are once again being offered                                                                                        Chris Carney
the opportunity to reinvest all of their ordinary                 The Board continues to keep the mechanics
                                                                                                                                     Group Finance Director
dividend under the Dividend Re-Investment Plan                    of how the Company will pay special dividends,
(DRIP), details of which are available from our                   including the merits of undertaking a share
Registrar and on our website. Elections to join                   buyback at some point in the future should                                For our Viability statement see page 52
the Plan must reach the Registrar by 23 April                     it become appropriate to do so, under
2020 in order to be effective for this dividend.                  regular review.
Further details can be found on our website                                                                                              Approval of the Strategic Report
www.taylorwimpey.co.uk/corporate                                                                                                         This Strategic Report was approved by
                                                                                                                                         the Board of Directors and signed on its
                                                                                                                                         behalf by




                                                                                                                                         Pete Redfern
                                                                                                                                         Chief Executive




Alternative Performance Measures
The Group uses Alternative Performance Measures (APMs) as key financial performance indicators to assess underlying performance of the Group.
The APMs used are widely used industry measures and form the measurement basis of the key strategic KPIs (return on net operating assets, operating
profit margin and cash conversion). A portion of executive remuneration is also directly linked to some of the APMs. Definitions and reconciliations to the
equivalent statutory measures are included in Note 32 of the financial statements.

Definitions
*     Operating profit is defined as profit on ordinary activities before net finance costs, exceptional items and tax, after share of results of joint ventures.
**    Return on net operating assets (RONOA) is defined as rolling 12-month operating profit divided by the average of the opening and closing net operating assets, which is defined
      as net assets less net cash, excluding net taxation balances and accrued dividends.
***   Operating cash flow is defined as cash generated by operations (which is before taxes paid, interest paid and payments related to exceptional charges).
†
      Adjusted basic earnings per share represents earnings attributed to the shareholders of the parent, excluding exceptional items and tax on exceptional items, divided by the
      weighted average number of shares in issue during the period.
*
†
      Net operating asset turn is defined as 12-month rolling total revenue divided by the average of opening and closing net operating assets.
**
†
      WIP turn is defined as total revenue divided by the average of opening and closing work in progress.
‡
      Net cash / (debt) is defined as total cash less total financing.
‡‡
      Cash conversion is defined as operating cash flow divided by operating profit on a rolling 12-month basis.
‡‡‡
      Adjusted gearing is defined as adjusted net debt divided by net assets. Adjusted net debt is defined as net cash less land creditors.




58       Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
            Directors’ report:
                                                       Governance
            governance
            60  Corporate Governance
            64  Q&A with Irene Dorner,
                Chair-designate
            66 Board Leadership and
                Company Purpose
            82 Division of Responsibilities
            86 Composition, Succession
                and Evaluation
            98 Audit, Risk and Internal Control
            106 Remuneration
            132 Statutory, regulatory and
                other information




www.taylorwimpey.co.uk                           59
Corporate governance



Making a difference
through good governance
                                                                          Governance highlights for 2019
                                                                          –– Fully compliant with all of the requirements of the 2018 UK
                                                                             Corporate Governance Code which applies to the Company
                                                                             for 2019 reporting. Read more on pages 65 and 132.
                                                                          –– Acted in accordance with the guidance applicable to the
                                                                             Company for 2019 set out in the Financial Reporting
                                                                             Council’s Guidance on Risk, Internal Control and Related
                                                                             Financial and Business Reporting. Read more on pages
                                                                             45-53 and 98-105.
                                                                          –– Made good progress towards achieving our strategy for
                                                                             improving diversity and inclusivity at all levels throughout
                                                                             the Group’s businesses. Read more on pages 36 and 86-97.
                                                                          –– Conducted a comprehensive internally-facilitated Board
                                                                             evaluation exercise. Read more on pages 92-93.
                                                                          –– Further developed and enhanced the Company’s succession
“I am pleased to                                                             and contingency plans and planning processes across the
 leave the business                                                          Group. Read more on pages 90-91.
 in great shape, with                                                     –– Took action to increase female representation in senior roles
                                                                             from Board level downwards, as highlighted in our Gender
 strong governance                                                           Pay Gap report, the latest edition of which appears on our
 embedded, a                                                                 website. Read more on pages 90-91.
 determination for further                                                –– Further deepened processes and procedures across the
                                                                             business and its supply chain to protect against modern
 improvement and the                                                         slavery. Read more on pages 38 and 137.
 appropriate culture to                                                   –– Published the Company’s half yearly statutory reports of
 achieve this.”                                                              payment terms during 2019, showing steady improvement.

Kevin Beeston
Chair




Board attendance in 2019
                                                                                                                                    Number of
                                                                                                                             meetings attended
Board members during 2019                                                                                                               in 2019
Kevin Beeston, Chair                                                                                                                      8/8
Irene Dorner(a), Independent Non Executive Director and Chair-designate                                                                   1/1
Pete Redfern, Chief Executive                                                                                                             8/8
Chris Carney, Group Finance Director                                                                                                      8/8
Jennie Daly, Group Operations Director                                                                                                    8/8
James Jordan(b), Group Legal Director and Company Secretary                                                                               8/8
Kate Barker, Independent Non Executive Director                                                                                           8/8
Gwyn Burr, Independent Non Executive Director                                                                                             8/8
Angela Knight, Independent Non Executive Director                                                                                         8/8
Robert Noel(c), Independent Non Executive Director                                                                                        2/2​
Humphrey Singer, Independent Non Executive Director                                                                                       8/8
(a) Appointed 1 December 2019.
(b) Retired 31 December 2019.
(c) Appointed 1 October 2019.


60      Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
Dear Shareholder                                      Culture, values and ethics                           Governance developments during


                                                                                                                                                                Governance
                                                      The Board strongly believes that good                the period
In my capacity as Chair of the Board, I am very       governance should be focused not only on how         The Board received governance briefings during
pleased to have this opportunity to make what         the Board itself operates effectively but also,      the year, encompassing all of the key legal and
will be my final personal statement on the            and very importantly, on the culture within which    regulatory governance changes introduced
Company’s approach to corporate governance,           all of our businesses and employees operate          during 2019, in addition to a specific briefing on
prior to my stepping down as Chair and as a           and conduct themselves on a day to day basis.        the updated Code.
Director on 26 February 2020.                         The culture, values and ethics set out on pages
                                                                                                           As noted in last year’s Annual Report, we had
Firstly, I would like to emphasise again that the     2 and 69 are set and monitored by the Board as
                                                                                                           taken note of the Government’s proposals for
Board continues to take corporate governance          set out on page 71 and led in our operations by
                                                                                                           corporate governance reforms, enabling us to
very seriously and has been able to demonstrate       the Chief Executive and the rest of our Executive
                                                                                                           take early action to address the application of
this over many years through full compliance          and senior management teams. The principles of
                                                                                                           the updated Code to the Company’s reporting
with the 2018 UK Corporate Governance Code            good governance are embedded throughout
                                                                                                           for 2019, including:
(the Code). The requirements of the Code are          Taylor Wimpey and manifest themselves in a
described throughout this report, together with       number of different ways, including the following:   –– Requiring annual reporting and commentary on
explanations as to how we have complied with                                                                  CEO pay relative to the workforce and including
                                                      –– An absolute and non-negotiable requirement
its requirements, and signposts directing you to                                                              CEO pay ratios (introduced early by the
                                                         throughout our business to ensure the health
the relevant page where more detail can be                                                                    Company in its 2018 reporting and updated
                                                         and safety of our employees, customers,
found on how the Company has complied with                                                                    this year). Please see page 129.
                                                         subcontractors, suppliers and visitors to our
its various provisions.                                  offices and developments. Please see pages        –– Demonstrating how the Directors met the
                                                         15, 23, 37, 74 and 136.                              requirement of Section 172 of the Companies
The Company has consistently sought to comply                                                                 Act, namely, for each of them to promote the
with planned improvements and revisions to the        –– The requirement to observe good business
                                                                                                              success of the Company for its members
Code, and with wider governance initiatives,             practice, including abiding by all applicable
                                                                                                              whilst also having regard to: long term
often in advance of their formal application to our      laws and regulations that relate to our
                                                                                                              success; a broader range of other
reporting years. The Board recognises the                business. Please see pages 75 and 82.
                                                                                                              stakeholders’ interests (customers,
importance of considering the Company’s               –– The provision of mandatory training to all of
                                                                                                              employees, partners, investors and the wider
responsibilities and duties to both its                  our businesses on key legislation and
                                                                                                              communities in which our business operates);
shareholders and its broader stakeholder group           regulations relating to our areas of operation.
                                                                                                              the impact on the environment; and
and this ethos has been part of our culture and       –– Our Group-wide Operating Framework control           maintaining high standards of ethics. Please
decision-making process for many years.                  document setting out common procedures,              see pages 32-43 and 76-81 and the formal
The Directors’ duties under Section 172 of the           best practice and delegated authority limits.        statement of compliance on page 33.
Companies Act 2006 help to underpin the               –– A system of controls and checks underpinned       –– Strengthening the voice of our employees at
good governance which is at the heart of what            by a rigorous Internal Audit Department and in       Board level through our National Employee
we do. Details of how the Board has met its              turn overseen by the Audit Committee.                Forum. Please see pages 63, 78-79 and 135.
obligations in respect of Section 172 during          –– Regular and embedded risk assessment and
2019, by taking account of shareholder and                                                                 –– An increasing focus on the culture of the
                                                         monitoring processes. Please see pages               Company. Please see pages 69-71.
wider stakeholder interests in its strategic             45-53 and 101-102.
planning and decision-making processes, are                                                                –– Further requirements around Board
                                                      –– Encouraging and investigating any disclosures        composition and succession planning at
set out on pages 32-43 and 76-81 and support
                                                         made either directly or through an independent       Board level. Please see pages 90-91.
the formal statement of how the Board complied
                                                         third party whistleblowing hotline available
with this legal requirement, which appears on                                                              –– Wider recommendations to promote good
                                                         to employees, subcontractors, suppliers,
page 33.                                                                                                      corporate governance, particularly around
                                                         customers and the general public. Please see
                                                                                                              Executive pay. Please see page 65.
We receive regular briefings and updates on              page 75.
corporate governance at our Board and                                                                      –– Disclosing the impact on potential outcomes
                                                      During 2019, we re-focused our values to                from LTIP awards (the Performance Share
Committee meetings and this report aims to
                                                      emphasise to the team how these values should           Plan or PSP) in the event of significant (up to
explain in clear terms the governance-related
                                                      translate into our behaviours; how we strive to         50%) appreciation in the Company’s share
processes and procedures that are in place at
                                                      be known for putting the customer at the centre         price (introduced early by the Company in its
Taylor Wimpey and which we believe are
                                                      of all our decisions; and our wider social              2018 reporting and updated this year in the
essential for the delivery of the long term
                                                      responsibility to the customers and communities         scenario charts in the Remuneration Report
success of the Company. It is these processes
                                                      our business impacts upon.                              on page 117).
that ensure we comply with all applicable laws
and regulations as well as, of course, meeting
the requirements of our relevant stakeholders,
including shareholders and their representative
bodies with whom we are always very pleased
to engage. We very much appreciate their
constructive and helpful approach and feedback.


www.taylorwimpey.co.uk                                                                                                                                    61
Corporate governance continued


The Government is also seeking to encourage              On 1 October 2019, we were delighted to appoint       Arrangements are in hand for a further externally-
companies to increase productivity, including            Robert Noel as an Independent Non Executive           facilitated evaluation to be conducted later this
through greater recognition of the importance of         Director. Rob has over 30 years’ experience in the    year, the results and actions proposed from which
‘human capital’ and a clearer focus on training and      property sector, and has been CEO of Land             will be reported in next year’s Annual Report.
development. Details of our initiatives in this regard   Securities Group PLC since 2012. He was
appear on pages 28, 36-38, 79 and 135-137.               previously Property Director of Great Portland        Diversity
                                                         Estates plc. More details of his experience and       Diversity and inclusivity have very rightly
The Company continues to improve its
                                                         the additional skills he brings to the Board and to   continued to be key items on the overall UK
performance in the important areas of
                                                         the Audit and Nomination Committees appear in         governance agenda during 2019. The Company
environmental, social and governance (ESG)
                                                         his biography on pages 67 and 197.                    has achieved the target introduced by Lord
responsibility and I am pleased to report that the
Company has retained its membership of the               On 4 November 2019, James Jordan handed               Davies of Abersoch’s review for the proportion of
FTSE4Good Index. In addition, the latest update          over the Company Secretary responsibilities to        women on each FTSE 350 company’s board to
of the Institutional Shareholder Services (ISS)          Alice Marsden and on 31 December 2019 he              increase from the current 25% target to 33% by
Governance Quality Score for the Company’s               stepped down from the Board. James joined             2020, with the Board’s proportion of women
ESG performance indicates that the Company is            George Wimpey as its Group General Counsel            members having increased during 2019 from
level 1 – indicating lowest risk assessment for          and Company Secretary in February 2002 and            44% to 45%. This proportion further increased
each of the Environment and Social categories;           has been Secretary of Taylor Wimpey since the         to 50% from the end of 2019 on the retirement
and for the Governance categories relating to            merger in July 2007. He was appointed to the          of James Jordan and will have further increased
shareholder rights; and audit & risk oversight.          Board as Group Legal Director in July 2011.           to 56% (five out of nine) following my standing
                                                         During over 17 years’ service, James has              down from the Board on 26 February 2020.
The Board is also aware of the increasing level of
                                                         demonstrated outstanding commitment,                  The Board also welcomed the Hampton-Alexander
investor interest in climate change risk and that
                                                         dedicated service and wise counsel both to me         Review, which proposes to increase Board and
consideration is being given to reassessing risk
                                                         and my predecessors as Chair, and to the Board        senior leadership diversity. As noted above, I am
and asset values to reflect this in revised capital
                                                         as a whole, in addition to his other                  pleased to be able to report that the proportion
allocations. As reported on page 47, the
                                                         responsibilities as a senior executive of the         of women increased during 2019 and to date on
Company commenced work during 2019 to
                                                         Group. James remains employed by the                  the Board (from 44% to 56%), and also on the
align its operations and reporting with the aims
                                                         Company until 31 March 2020 to ensure that            direct reports to the Board, i.e. the members of
of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial
                                                         there is an effective handover of his various         the GMT, from 33% to 44%. More details of how
Disclosures. We are also considering whether
                                                         responsibilities and will then retire. I thank him    these gender diversity improvements were
this can be reflected in further improvement in
                                                         personally and on behalf of the Board, for his        achieved and the Board’s plans for further
sustainability reporting through adopting a
                                                         long, valued and dedicated service, and wish          improvements in diversity and inclusivity, are set
revised standard, such as those proposed by
                                                         him a very happy retirement.                          out on pages 95-97. The Board very much
the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board.
                                                         I was delighted to welcome Alice Marsden as our       welcomes these higher targets which are
The Board reviewed and welcomed all of these
                                                         new Group General Counsel and Company                 designed to give greater impetus to the progress
initiatives which are designed to help provide
                                                         Secretary on 4 November 2019 and am pleased           of enhanced gender diversity on PLC boards.
shareholders and all of our stakeholders with
                                                         to see how well she has settled into her role, both   This, together with other diversity
increased assurance that the Company is being
                                                         with the Board and as a member of the Group           recommendations, such as the proposals from
managed with their best interests firmly in mind,
                                                         Management Team (GMT). Alice brings                   the Financial Reporting Council (FRC) to require
whilst also taking account of the Company’s
                                                         experience of the role as former Group General        greater consideration of ethnic and social
activities in, and impact, on the wider community,
                                                         Counsel and Company Secretary of Thomas               diversity when planning Board appointments,
both at a local level and more broadly in respect
                                                         Cook Group plc and from her previous                  and the Parker Report on ethnic diversity, is very
of sustainability and climate change.
                                                         experience in the legal profession.                   much in the thinking of the Nomination
                                                                                                               Committee when reviewing the balance and
Appointments and succession                              The Nomination Committee regularly reviews the
                                                                                                               composition of the Board and the structuring of
The Nomination Committee oversaw changes                 composition, balance, skills and experience of the
                                                                                                               talent development initiatives across the Group.
on the Board during 2019, and agreed plans for           Board, together with related succession planning
                                                         and concluded that, following the changes set out     As reported last year, at the 2018 launch of the
further change early in 2020.
                                                         above, the balance and composition of the Board       Hampton-Alexander Review into speeding up
On 1 December 2019, we were delighted to                 will continue to provide the right blend of           the pace of progress on increasing diversity on
appoint Irene Dorner as an Independent                   experience, expertise and challenge to ensure         boards and the next two leadership levels
Non Executive Director and Chair-designate,              good governance and enable the Company to             immediately below the board, the Company was
bringing over 30 years’ executive experience,            successfully implement its strategy. During the       the third best performer in the FTSE at that time;
including most recently as CEO of HSBC in the            year, in accordance with the Code at least half of    was the only housebuilder in the top ten; and
US and as Group MD of HSBC Holdings. Irene               the Board (excluding the Chair) were Independent      was amongst those commended for the
also has considerable experience of the roles of         Non Executive Directors.                              progress made to date. We are proud of these
non executive director and of Chair, being an                                                                  achievements and pleased that we have been
independent non executive director of AXA SA             Board evaluation                                      able to make further progress during 2019 and
and Rolls-Royce Holdings plc and as Chair of                                                                   into 2020.
                                                         It is a key requirement of good governance that
the Board of Control Risks Limited and
                                                         an annual evaluation is carried out to ensure that    The Company is committed to supporting
previously Virgin Money Holdings (UK) plc.
                                                         the Board, its Committees and each Director           diversity and its policy is to appoint or promote,
More details of her experience and the additional
                                                         performs effectively. The Code requires that the      as appropriate, the best person for the role in
skills she brings to the Board and to the
                                                         evaluation is externally-facilitated at least every   question, without taking account of factors such
Nomination and Remuneration Committees
                                                         three years, most recently in 2017 by Manchester      as educational or professional backgrounds
appear in her biography on pages 66 and 196.
                                                         Square Partners, and the annual evaluation for        (save as appropriate for the position); age;
I have been working closely with Irene to
                                                         2019 was therefore internally-facilitated. The        gender; ethnicity; or disability. The objective of
ensure that there is an effective handover of
                                                         outcome of the evaluation was very positive and       this policy is to ensure that diversity is built into
responsibilities with a view to her assuming the
                                                         further details of the evaluation methodology and     the Company’s appointment and promotion
Chair following the announcement of the
                                                         its outcomes are set out on pages 92-93.              process and that only relevant factors are taken
Company’s 2019 results on 26 February 2020.
                                                                                                               into account when considering such matters.

62      Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
The policy has been implemented through              As noted earlier, I am working with Irene to
training sessions on unconscious bias for            ensure that there is an effective handover of the       Statement of compliance
management teams throughout the Company’s            responsibilities of the Chair on 26 February            For the year ended 31 December 2019,
business and its head office functions. Progress     2020, at which time I will stand down as your           the Company complied with all of the
to date in this area is set out on pages 95-97       Chair and from the Board.                               provisions of the Code; the Financial
and continuing to improve our diversity across                                                               Conduct Authority’s (FCA) Disclosure
                                                     In this connection, Kate Barker, our longest-
the Company will remain a priority for the Board.                                                            and Transparency Rules sub-chapters 7.1
                                                     serving Non Executive Director, has kindly
                                                     agreed to defer her stepping down from the              and 7.2 which set out certain mandatory
Engagement with employees                            Board on reaching the ninth anniversary of her          disclosure requirements; the FCA’s Listing
During 2019, we conducted the latest of our          appointment to the Board (on 20 April 2020).            Rules 9.8.6R, 9.8.7R and 9.8.7AR which



                                                                                                                                                                 Governance
biennial Employee Surveys. Over two-thirds of        Following a recommendation from the                     include the ‘comply or explain’ requirement;
employees responded, with our commitment to          Nomination Committee, the Board supports the            and the BEIS Directors’ Remuneration
health and safety; corporate responsibility;         deferral of Kate’s departure from the Board until       Reporting Regulations and Narrative
understanding of the Company’s strategy;             31 July 2020 in order to support Irene as she           Reporting Regulations. These regulations
prioritising customer needs; and satisfaction with   takes on her new position and responsibilities          are publicly available as follows:
working for Taylor Wimpey and with their line        and also to provide additional stability in the         –– The Code can be found at www.frc.org.uk
manager, all scoring at or in excess of 90%.         Board composition. Kate will step down from her
                                                                                                             –– The FCA’s Disclosure and Transparency
I believe that this demonstrates that our            role as Senior Independent Director and member
                                                                                                                Rules as well as Listing Rules can be
workforce has bought into our wider strategy;        of the Audit and Remuneration Committees on
                                                                                                                found at www.handbook.fca.org.uk
our culture; and our commitment to a customer        20 April 2020. More details are set out in the
focused approach. The survey also highlighted        Nomination Committee report on page 94 and in           –– The BEIS Directors’ Remuneration
two areas where improvements can be made,            the Notice of AGM and the explanatory notes on             Reporting Regulations and Narrative
and action plans are being developed to better       pages 192 and 196.                                         Reporting Regulations can be found at
integrate certain teams and further improve the                                                                 www.gov.uk
                                                     I joined the Board in July 2010 and I have              –– The FRC Guidance on Risk
principles of ‘working together’. Detailed results
                                                     enjoyed my time as Chair of the Company                    Management, Internal Control and
of the survey are reported on pages 71, 78
                                                     immensely. It has been both an honour and a                Related Financial and Business
and 135.
                                                     pleasure to serve as your Chair and I am pleased           Reporting can be found at
The National Employee Forum also continued its       to leave the business in great shape, with a clear         www.frc.org.uk
effective engagement with employees and their        strategy and a strong leadership team to
representatives across all levels of the Company.    continue to take the Company forward.
                                                                                                             This 2019 Annual Report
One meeting was attended by the Chief Executive
                                                     I would like to take this opportunity to thank all of   and Accounts
who answered questions ranging from the
                                                     my Board colleagues, the Group Management
possible impact of Brexit; interpretation of the                                                             Your Directors have responsibility for
                                                     Team and all of our employees across the business,
feedback from the Employee Survey;                                                                           preparing this 2019 Annual Report
                                                     for their dedication, loyalty and hard work which
dissemination of the Company’s new values;                                                                   and Accounts and for making certain
                                                     has underpinned our success and helped to
and initiatives to improve facilities for agile                                                              confirmations concerning it. In accordance
                                                     make my tenure as Chair so enjoyable.
working. In addition, the Group Finance Director                                                             with Section 4, Principle N, Provision 27
and Group Legal Director and Company                                                                         of the Code the Board considers that,
Secretary attended a meeting during 2019.                                                                    taken as a whole, it is fair, balanced and
More details of the Forum and the engagement                                                                 understandable and provides the information
with employees during 2019 appear on pages                                                                   necessary for shareholders to assess the
36-37, 78-79 and 135-137.                                                                                    Company’s position, performance,
                                                     Kevin Beeston                                           business model and strategy.
Conclusion                                           Chair                                                   The Board was able to reach this conclusion
I believe that your Board remains effective and                                                              after receiving advice from the Audit
continues to work very well. I am confident that     25 February 2020                                        Committee. The processes of review and
the Board has the right balance of skills,                                                                   assessment followed by that Committee in
expertise and professionalism to continue to                                                                 that respect are set out on pages 104-105.
deliver strong governance whilst allowing the                                                                The Viability Statement, as required by the
Executive Directors to implement and deliver the                                                             Code, appears on pages 52-53.
strategy (as set out on pages 24-29) within the
strong culture that we have worked hard to
establish. Whilst I am also pleased with the
Board’s activity and approach with regard to
corporate governance, we will continually look
for ways to learn and improve.
My successor, Irene Dorner, will chair the
Company’s AGM on 23 April 2020 and I am
sure she will be looking forward to meeting with
our shareholders, as will all of your other
Directors (who will all be present at the AGM),
and they remain available to answer or respond
to your questions, concerns and suggestions at
any time.




www.taylorwimpey.co.uk                                                                                                                                     63
Corporate governance continued



                                                                     Q&A
                                                                     with Irene Dorner,
                                                                     Chair-designate
                                                                     “I am proud to take on this appointment
                                                                      with a Company which marries
                                                                      together a historic past and a vibrant,
                                                                      exciting future.”




How have you found your first                           property and retail and I am grateful for the        How do you see the Company’s
months as a member of the Board?                        expertise and support of my Board colleagues.        performance and outlook from a
                                                        My priorities outside of Board meetings are to get   governance standpoint?
I am personally grateful to my predecessor,
                                                        to know the business better over the next few
Kevin, for his support and warm welcome since I                                                              There is a very strong culture of good
                                                        months and I will be travelling to meet with
joined the Board in December last year. It is                                                                governance at Taylor Wimpey, in the internal
                                                        employees in a number of our business units.
testament to Kevin’s stewardship as Chair that I                                                             structures of the Board and through the main
have been made to feel so welcome by the rest                                                                committees – Audit, Nomination and
of the Board, Management and all of the Taylor
                                                        What will you bring to the role?
                                                                                                             Remuneration, as well as other key areas of
Wimpey employees who I have met so far and              I have spent much of my career in the financial      focus such as health and safety, risk and ESG
who have helped me through a very thorough              services sector which is, rightly, a highly          issues. However, I have found that businesses
induction process. The smooth transition in the         regulated industry. The regulation is there to       function best when the ‘tone from the top’
succession plan reflects the progressive culture        protect customers and at Taylor Wimpey, we           is echoed at every level and I have been pleased
and mechanisms installed by Kevin and the               adopt a truly customer-focused approach,             to find there is a high degree of personal
Board and he can be proud to step down as               focusing on the critical issues, such as health      responsibility throughout Taylor Wimpey.
Chair, knowing he leaves a business with a              and safety regulation. Housebuilders have a key      From what I have seen so far, Taylor Wimpey
strong and highly effective oversight and control       role to play working with the Government to          management and employees go out of their way
function, and an inclusive and forward-thinking         understand how we can address the national           to take responsibility and to do the right thing,
culture. I know that his wisdom, knowledge and          housing crisis as well as tackling key issues,       which is very encouraging for an incoming Chair.
accessibility will be missed and I look forward to      such as sustainability and environmental
building on his legacy. I also know all within the      responsibilities, affecting the wider industry.      What are the key challenges in the
Company will join me in thanking Kevin for his                                                               years ahead?
significant contribution to Taylor Wimpey and for       What are your first impressions of
                                                                                                             It is clear that we have experienced a
his great stewardship during his nearly 10 years        Taylor Wimpey?
as Chair, as well as wishing him well in his                                                                 very supportive market over recent years.
                                                        The success of Taylor Wimpey is evident in the       However, we operate in a consumer focused
future endeavours.                                      strength of the business and its balance sheet.      industry which is subject to changes in demand,
                                                        Our success is also evident in other, less           and we are currently uncertain how the political
How have you learned about                              quantifiable but no less meaningful ways, such       environment may impact on us, so we can never
the business and the industry?                          as the excellent deeply embedded safety culture,     be complacent. When performing my due
In addition to my own research prior to joining the     and the trusted reputation Taylor Wimpey has         diligence pre-appointment, I was impressed by
Company, Taylor Wimpey has conducted a                  with customers, suppliers, and within the            the mechanisms put in place to monitor the
comprehensive induction process where, as well          housebuilding industry. I have also been             business’ position within the cycle, as well as
as meeting members of the Board and                     impressed with the level of employee                 the conservative manner in which the business
management, I was able to visit two regional            engagement and it is encouraging to see that         operated to prepare for changing market
businesses to better understand what we do as a         regular dialogue exists between employee             conditions. It will continue to be the Board’s
Company. I have various induction activities            representatives and the Board through the NEF.       priority to ensure that management continue to
planned throughout this year, to ensure that I get      The latest Employee Survey shows that there is       drive our long term strategy, which is adaptable
to see all parts of our business. The period of         an understanding throughout the business of the      to the prevailing trading environment.
transition from my joining the Board until I took on    key role each and every employee plays in the        I very much look forward to meeting
the role of Chair has enabled me to spend               success of our business, as well as a                shareholders at the Company’s 2020 AGM
invaluable time with Kevin to gain the benefit of his   commitment and a desire to ‘do the right thing’,     and to hearing their views on the Company’s
experience and to better understand the Board           which is very encouraging. Overall, I see a          performance and prospects.
and Company operations under his tenure and to          professionally run business with a strong
discuss the key challenges he sees facing the           purpose in its desire to put the customers at the
business and industry. We have a wealth of              centre of our offering and have seen first-hand
experience on the Board from a diverse range of         the quality of product which our employees are
industries including construction, business             proud to deliver to our customers.
services, economics, politics, financial services,




64      Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
New skills on the board
                                                                                                          How we comply
                                                     –– A series of meetings with the Divisional
                                                                                                          with the 2018
                                                        Chairs of the operating divisions of the          UK Corporate
                                                        Group. During each of these, the strategy;
                                                        operating and financial performance; budget       Governance
                                                        and forecasts; human resourcing, diversity
                                                        and talent development progress and plans;
                                                                                                          Code
                                                        challenges; risk; and medium term plans; for


                                                                                                                                                            Governance
                                                                                                          The UK Financial Reporting Council
                                                        the business area, were discussed.                promotes high-quality corporate
                                                     –– A series of meetings with Heads of key            governance and reporting through the
                                                        functions including Health, Safety and            2018 UK Corporate Governance Code
Irene Dorner                                            Environmental; Internal Audit; Customer           (the Code), with which all companies with
Independent Non Executive Director                      Services; and HR; during which Group-wide         a premium listing on the UK Stock
and Chair-designate                                     progress on initiatives; challenges; and plans    Exchange are required to either comply in
                                                        for the future, were discussed.                   full; or explain why, and to what extent,
Irene Dorner, as an experienced
                                                     –– Visits to a selection of current development      they do not comply. The Corporate
Non Executive Director, received an
                                                        sites located in each of the operating            Governance section of this Annual Report
induction post-appointment that focused
                                                        Divisions, incorporating discussions with         explains how the Code principles have
on the culture, operational structure
                                                        Divisional, Regional and Site Management on       been applied, as set out below. In a new
and key challenges of Taylor Wimpey.
                                                        operational, financial, supplier and resourcing   approach this year, we have grouped the
As Chair-designate, she also worked
                                                        matters and local initiatives to manage them.     sections explaining how the Company has
closely with Kevin Beeston, our former
                                                     –– Meetings with key governance advisers and         complied with the provisions of the Code
Chair, in ensuring an effective handover
                                                        the Company’s stockbrokers; at which              into each of the five areas into which the
of responsibilities.
                                                        briefings were given on current shareholder       Code is subdivided, with page references
Accordingly, her induction comprised:                   issues, both generally and sector-specific.       for certain matters within each area:
–– An introductory meeting with the Chair            –– Meetings with the wider Taylor Wimpey             ​                                ​
   to discuss Board process and the                     team, including executives and                    1. Board Leadership and
   Group’s culture.                                     representatives of all levels of the team         Company Purpose
–– A comprehensive document pack was                    during Regional and site visits.                  Board of Directors                   66
   provided which included analyst and               During the course of her first year as Chair,        Board activities during the year     70
   broker reports.                                   Irene will also hold meetings with major             Considering stakeholders             76
–– A meeting with the Company Secretary              shareholders and visit the Taylor Wimpey             in decision making
   on governance.                                    businesses in both Scotland and Spain                ​                                      ​
                                                     to meet the teams and learn more about               2. Division of Responsibilities
                                                     their operations.                                    How we are governed                  84
                                                                                                          ​                                      ​
                                                                                                          3. Composition, Succession
                                                     –– A series of meetings with the Divisional
                                                                                                          and Evaluation
                                                        Chairs of the operating divisions of the
                                                                                                          Nomination Committee report          86
                                                        Group. During each of these, the strategy;
                                                        operating and financial performance;              Appointments to the Board            88
                                                        budget and forecasts; human resourcing,           Board evaluation                     92
                                                        diversity and talent development progress         Progress of our Diversity Policy     96
                                                        and plans; challenges; and medium term            ​                                      ​
                                                        plans; for the business area, were                4. Audit, Risk and Internal Control
                                                        discussed.                                        Audit Committee report               98
                                                     –– A series of meetings with Heads of key            ​                                      ​
Robert Noel                                             functions including Health, Safety and            5. Remuneration
Independent Non Executive Director                      Environmental; Internal Audit; Customer
                                                                                                          Remuneration Committee report       106
                                                        Services; and HR; during which Group-
Rob Noel, as an experienced Non Executive                                                                 Remuneration at a glance            110
                                                        wide progress on initiatives; challenges;
Director, received an induction post-appointment
                                                        and plans for the future, were discussed.
that focused on the culture, operational structure
and key challenges of Taylor Wimpey.                 –– Visits to a selection of current development
                                                        sites located in two of the operating
Accordingly, his induction comprised:                   Divisions, incorporating discussions with
–– An introductory meeting with the Chair               Divisional, Regional and Site Management
   to discuss Board process and the                     on operational, financial, supplier and
   Group’s culture.                                     resourcing matters and local initiatives to
–– A comprehensive document pack was                    manage them.
   provided which included analyst and
   broker reports.
–– A meeting with the Company Secretary
   on governance.



www.taylorwimpey.co.uk                                                                                                                                65
Board Leadership and
Company Purpose
Board of Directors
                                                                                                                                                      Independent Non
Chair                               Executive Directors                                                                                               Executive Directors




 N R                                                                                                                                                   N R
 Kevin Beeston                        Pete Redfern                          Chris Carney                        Jennie Daly                             Irene Dorner
 Chair                                Chief Executive                       Group Finance Director              Group Operations                        Independent Non Executive
                                                                                                                Director                                Director and Chair-designate


Joined July 2010                    Joined July 2007                       Joined April 2018                   Joined April 2018                      Joined 1 December 2019

Skills & experience                 Skills & experience                    Skills & experience                 Skills & experience                    Skills & experience
Kevin has significant experience    Pete was previously Group              Chris is a Chartered Accountant     Jennie has a wealth of                 Irene has strong leadership skills and
of chairing boards and of being     Chief Executive of George              and has worked in both private      experience in the housebuilding        commercial experience gained
a non executive director of both    Wimpey Plc, having                     practice with Deloitte and for      industry gained from roles             during her career spanning more
public and private companies.       successively held the posts of         Associated British Foods plc.       which included strategic land          than 30 years in banking and also
He also brings a wealth of          Finance Director and Chief             After joining Taylor Wimpey in      oversight at Westbury plc and          through her various non executive
commercial, financial and high      Executive of George Wimpey’s           2006, he has successively held      managing director of Harrow            roles. Her long and distinguished
level management experience,        UK housing operations. He has          the roles of Group Financial        Estates Plc. She joined the            career at HSBC included a number
including being a former CEO        full day to day operational            Controller; Finance Director of     Company in 2014 from Redrow            of senior positions, including CEO of
of a FTSE 100 company. He           responsibility for delivering the      Taylor Wimpey UK (the Group’s       plc, as UK Planning Director,          HSBC Malaysia and CEO and
was formerly Chair of Equiniti      Company’s strategy in a                main operating company);            before becoming UK Land                President of HSBC in the United
Group plc; Serco Group plc          profitable, safe and                   Managing Director of the            Director in 2015. Jennie chairs        States. She retired from HSBC at
and Domestic and General            environmentally responsible            Company’s South Thames              the Group Operation Team;              the end of 2014 and was a Group
Limited; and a non executive        manner and has significant             business unit; and Divisional       oversees our land, planning,           Managing Director of HSBC
director of IMI plc.                financial, operational and             Chair for the London and South      design, technical and                  Holdings and a member of the
                                    management experience,                 East Division, where he oversaw     sustainability, production and         Group Management Board.
It has been announced that
                                    gained from his various roles in       significant progress in the         supply chain functions; and
Kevin will stand down as                                                                                                                              Irene will succeed to the Chair
                                    industry and from his time at          operational and financial           manages the Taylor Wimpey
Chair and as a Director                                                                                                                               after the announcement of the
                                    KPMG. He was also, until               performance of the Division.        Logistics business.
following the Company’s                                                                                                                               Company’s results on 26 February
                                    18 April 2019, a Trustee of the
announcement of its 2019                                                   Appointed as Group Finance          External appointments                  2020 and will Chair the 2020 AGM.
                                    homelessness charity, Crisis.
results on 26 February 2020.                                               Director on 20 April 2018, he       Jennie is a non executive              Previously, Irene was Chair of
                                    External appointments                  has operational responsibility      director of the Peabody Trust.
External appointments                                                                                                                                 Virgin Money (UK) plc prior to its
                                    Pete is a non executive director       for managing the Company’s
Kevin is a non executive                                                                                                                              acquisition in 2018.
                                    of Travis Perkins plc, where he        finances and also oversees
director of Severn Trent plc,                                              the commercial, information                                                External appointments
                                    is also Chair of the Stay Safe
Marston Corporate Limited,                                                 technology and pension functions.
                                    Committee; a member of the                                                                                        Irene currently holds independent
Elysium Limited and The
                                    Remuneration Committee;                                                                                           non executive roles at AXA SA and
Football Association Premier
                                    and the Employee Voice                                                                                            Rolls-Royce Holdings plc and she
League Limited.
                                    Committee. Pete is also                                                                                           also chairs Control Risks Limited, a
                                    Chair of the Youth Adventure                                                                                      risk consultancy business. She is
                                    Trust charity.                                                                                                    also a trustee of the South East Asia
                                                                                                                                                      Rainforest Research Partnership
                                                                                                                                                      and an Honorary Fellow of
                                                                                                                                                      St. Anne’s College, Oxford.


Board gender                    Non Executive Director tenure                                  Non Executive Director – areas of experience                 Key
diversity
                                                               0-2 years     ​ 3                                             Customer service     1          A    Audit Committee
Executive                                                      3-4 years       1                                             Economist            1
Male:                   2                                      5-6 years       1                                             Financial services   3
                                                                                                                                                             N Nomination
Female:                 1             Director                 7-8 years     ​ 1                     Areas of                Marketing            2               Committee
Group Board                            tenure                                                       experience               Public sector        2          R    Remuneration
Male:                   5                                                                                                                                         Committee
Female:                 5                                                                                                                                         Chairship
Non Executive                                                                                                                                                     of the Committee
Male:                   3           Details of how each Directors’ skill sets contributes to the Board’s leadership of the Company’s strategy
Female:                 4           development and operations, are set out on pages 196 to 197

66       Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
                                                                                                                                                                                        Governance



 N A R                                   N R                                   N A R                               N A                                N A
 Kate Barker DBE                          Gwyn Burr                            Angela Knight CBE                   Robert Noel                        Humphrey Singer
 Independent                              Independent                          Independent                         Independent                        Independent
 Non Executive Director                   Non Executive Director               Non Executive Director              Non Executive Director             Non Executive Director


Joined April 2011                       Joined February 2018                  Joined November 2016                Joined 1 October 2019              Joined December 2015

Skills & experience                     Skills & experience                   Skills & experience                 Skills & experience                Skills & experience
Kate is a business economist.           Gwyn has over 25 years’               Angela brings to the Board a        Rob has over 30 years’             Humphrey has a wealth of
She was a member of the Bank            executive experience, principally     wealth of experience gained at      experience in the property         financial experience and
of England’s Monetary Policy            in marketing, HR and customer         a senior level in both the public   sector and has been Chief          expertise in the areas of both
Committee from 2001 until               service in the retail sector, which   and private sectors. Previously,    Executive of Land Securities       digital solutions and customer
2010 and led two major policy           included the roles of Customer        Angela was a Member of              Group PLC since 2012. Prior to     services. Previously he was
reviews for the Government,             Director and Customer Service         Parliament from 1992 to 1997,       joining Land Securities in 2010,   Chief Finance Officer of
on housing supply and on                and Colleague Director at             including two years as the          he was Property Director at        Marks and Spencer Group plc;
land use planning.                      J Sainsbury plc. She previously       Economic Secretary at HM            Great Portland Estates plc from    Group Finance Director of
                                        held non executive positions          Treasury, and Chair of the          2002 to 2009. From 1992 to         Dixons Carphone plc; Group
Kate is the Company’s Senior
                                        with the Principality Building        Office of Tax Simplification in     2002, he was a Director of         Finance Director of Dixons
Independent Director until 20
                                        Society Limited, Sainsbury’s          HM Treasury until the end of        Nelson Bakewell, the property      Retail plc; and earlier held
April 2020 when she will hand
                                        Bank plc, Wembley National            February 2019.                      services group.                    senior finance-related
over to Robert Noel on the ninth
                                        Stadium Limited and the                                                                                      roles within Dixons and
anniversary of her appointment                                                External appointments               Rob will succeed Kate Barker
                                        Financial Ombudsman Service.                                                                                 Coca Cola Enterprises.
as a Non Executive Director.                                                  Angela is Senior Independent        as the Company’s Senior
                                        External appointments                 Director of TPICAP Plc; and a       Independent Director on            External appointments
External appointments                                                                                             21 April 2020.
                                        Gwyn is the Senior Independent        non executive director of                                              Humphrey is Chief Financial
Kate is a Trustee Director and
                                        Director of Hammerson plc and         Arbuthnot Latham & Co;              External appointments              Officer of Belron Group.
Chair of the British Coal Staff
                                        her other non executive               Provident Financial plc; and
Superannuation Scheme; an                                                                                         Rob is a Trustee of the Natural
                                        directorships include Metro AG        Encore Capital Group, Inc.
Independent Consultant and                                                                                        History Museum and a Board
                                        (a German listed company) and
member of the Investment                                                                                          member of The British Property
                                        Member of the Supervisory
Committee of Saunderson House;                                                                                    Federation of which he was
                                        Board of Takeaway.com.
a non executive director of Man                                                                                   President from 2018 to 2019.
Group plc; a National Infrastructure
Commissioner for HM Treasury; an
Independent Commissioner of the
UK Government’s Geospatial
Commission; and an external
member of the Oxford University
Council. It has also been
announced that Kate will
become Chair of the Universities
Superannuation Scheme
later this year.

Company Secretary                                                                                                                   Find out more

                                       Joined 4 November 2019                                                                            Read more on our governance
                                                                                                                                         and Board structure on pages 60-85
                                       Skills & experience
                                       Alice, a solicitor, was previously the        Secretariat Departments. She has                    Read more on our Board activities
                                       Group General Counsel and Company             significant legal, commercial,                      on pages 70-75
                                       Secretary of Thomas Cook Group plc            transactional and regulatory/corporate
                                       and has also worked in the legal              governance related experience.                      Read more on our Board framework
 Alice Marsden                         profession. Alice oversees compliance
 Group General Counsel                                                                                                                   on pages 84-85
                                       with legal and regulatory obligations and
 and Company Secretary                 also manages the Company’s Legal and



www.taylorwimpey.co.uk                                                                                                                                                            67
Board Leadership and Company Purpose continued




The Board and its Committees                         Directors make every effort to attend all Board       Information and professional
As at the date of this Report, the Board             and applicable Committee meetings, as                 development
consists of 10 Directors, namely: the Chair,         evidenced by the strong attendance records
                                                                                                           All Directors visit Group operations on a regular
three Executive Directors and six Independent        over many years. Where, exceptionally, a
                                                                                                           basis, engaging with employees at all levels in
Non Executive Directors. Their names,                Director is unable to attend a meeting, it is Board
                                                                                                           order to foster and maintain an understanding of
responsibilities and other details appear on         policy that the Chair and / or the Secretary will,
                                                                                                           the business. Board visits are arranged each
pages 66-67, 83 and 196-197.                         as soon as possible, brief the Director fully on
                                                                                                           year to different operations and at least one
                                                     the business transacted at the meeting and on
The role of the Independent Non Executive                                                                  Board meeting per annum takes place either in,
                                                     any decisions that have been taken. In addition,
Directors is to offer advice and guidance to the                                                           or at a nearby location with representatives from,
                                                     the views of the Director are sought ahead of the
Executive Directors, using their wide experience                                                           a regional business unit over two days. In 2019,
                                                     meeting and conveyed to those attending by the
gained in business and from their diverse                                                                  the Board visit, accompanied by the Group
                                                     Chair and / or the Secretary as appropriate.
backgrounds, details of which are set out in their                                                         Management Team, encompassed
                                                     Details of the attendance of each Director at
biographies on pages 66 to 67 and 196 to 197                                                               presentations on the Major Developments
                                                     Board and Committee meetings are set out in
and in the Board diversity analysis on page 66.                                                            business, increasing use of direct labour,
                                                     the tables on pages 60, 86, 99 and 106.
They also provide constructive challenge,                                                                  product and placemaking, the strategy for large
monitoring the overall direction and strategy of     In addition, and in line with the Code, the Chair     sites, building for the private rental and rent to
the Company; scrutinising the performance of         and the Senior Independent Director,                  buy markets, and on the performance of the
the Executive Directors; and satisfying              independently of each other, hold meetings at         Manchester business unit.
themselves as to the integrity of the financial      least annually with the Non Executive Directors
                                                                                                           The Group General Counsel and Company
information made available both to the Board         without the Executive Directors present, and
                                                                                                           Secretary acts as Secretary to the Board and its
and to the Company’s shareholders. The Non           each did so on one occasion during 2019.
                                                                                                           Committees and attends all meetings. It is Board
Executive Directors also play an important part in                                                         policy that wherever possible a formal agenda and
the appointment or removal of Executive              Board responsibilities                                reports are issued electronically to Directors in
Directors and in general succession planning for     The Board discharges its responsibilities             respect of all Board and Committee meetings at
the Board and other executive and senior             by providing strategic and entrepreneurial            least one week prior to the meeting, in order to
management positions below Board level.              leadership of the Company, within a framework         allow sufficient time for detailed review and
                                                     of strong governance, effective controls and a        consideration beforehand. Formal minutes are
Board attendance                                     strong culture emphasising openness and               prepared in respect of all Board and Committee
The Board met on eight occasions during 2019         transparency, which enables opportunities and         meetings, circulated and submitted for approval at
and there was full attendance at all meetings by     risks to be assessed and managed appropriately.       the next meeting. All Board papers are circulated
all Directors. The Board regularly considers the     In addition, the Board sets the Company’s             electronically and Board meetings have been
number of Board meetings that take place each        strategic direction; ensures that the necessary       effectively paperless for several years, which has
year and has concluded that eight meetings           financial and human resources are in place for        worked well and aided the overall efficiency of the
remain appropriate but will keep the number          the Company to meet its objectives; and reviews       wider Board process.
under review. Additional Board meetings would        management performance.
                                                                                                           The Secretary provides regular briefings to the
be convened as and when necessary and there                                                                Board on regulatory and governance matters
are also processes in place for approving                                                                  which are included as part of her formal regular
transactions and other matters that may require                                                            reporting to the Board and are supplemented,
approval in between Board meetings.                                                                        as appropriate, by briefings from independent
                                                                                                           advisers. The Board also receives regular
                                                                                                           briefings and updates on environmental, social
                                                                                                           and governance (ESG) matters.




68      Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
The ESG briefings allow the Board to assess           The Board took a number of actions designed to



                                                                                                                Governance
the significant ESG risks to the Company’s            address the findings of these cultural indicators:
short and long term value and to identify any
                                                      –– Initiatives commenced in response to the
opportunities that may arise to enhance value.
                                                         outcome of the 2019 Employee Survey are
Details of ESG risks and value enhancement
                                                         described on page 135.
pursuits appear in the 2019 Sustainability
                                                      –– Actions taken in response to employee
Report, which is available on our website at
                                                         consultation are set out on page 78.
www.taylorwimpey.co.uk/corporate/
sustainability                                        –– The NEF was consulted on proposals
                                                         introduced during 2019 in the areas of agile
The Chair, Chief Executive and Secretary meet            working and the revised induction process for
sufficiently in advance of each Board meeting in         new starters.
order to ensure action points from previous
                                                      –– The roll-out of new information technology
meetings have been implemented and to prepare
                                                         was discussed with the NEF.
the agenda and matters to be covered at the next
                                                      –– Wider use was made of social media to
and at future Board and Committee meetings as
                                                         inform employees.
appropriate. The agenda and minutes for the
Audit, Nomination and Remuneration Committee          The Board will keep all of these areas under
meetings are agreed by the Secretary with the         regular review.
relevant Committee Chair.
                                                      Company purpose
Company culture                                       The Company’s purpose is to deliver new
A healthy culture is extremely important and the      homes within thriving communities, in a safe
Board fully agrees with the FRC that it both          and environmentally responsible manner, with
‘protects and generates value’ and that culture       customers at the heart of its decision making
should be the subject of a continuous focus           and consideration of the potential impact on
rather than only in times of a crisis. The Board is   wider stakeholders.
responsible for the Company’s culture and for         The Board’s leadership towards achieving this
defining and setting the Company’s values and         purpose during 2019 is set out on pages 70 and
standards from the top. Culture is established by     73 and includes information on pages 76-81
leadership and by example, but this also needs        on key stakeholders and the ways in which
to be underpinned by clear policies and codes of      consideration of their interests informed the
conduct which ensure that the Company’s               Board’s thinking.
obligations to its shareholders and other
stakeholders are clearly understood and met.
The Company’s approach is described in more
detail on page 71. The Board is led in these
respects by the Chair, who ensures the Board
operates correctly, setting its own culture and,
by extension, that of the Company in its
operations and its dealings with all stakeholders.
The observance of that culture throughout
business operations is led by the Chief Executive
with the assistance of the other Executive
Directors and the Group Management Team.
During the course of 2019 and into 2020,
the Board actively reviewed and monitored
several key areas that it considers are important
indicators of the Company culture, including
health, safety and environmental matters
(as set out on pages 28 and 37), customer
service, land, risk strategy, and diversity
and inclusivity.




www.taylorwimpey.co.uk                                                                                    69
Board Leadership and Company Purpose continued

Board activities during the year                                                                       How the Board led
                                                                                                       and monitored the
This Report seeks to explain the role of your Board of                                                 strategic direction
Directors and describes how it is responsible for setting
the culture and values of the Company, ensuring that the
Company is run in the best interests of its shareholders as
                                                                                                         February
well as other stakeholders, and how it interacts with its                                                In its February meeting, the Board
shareholders in explaining the Company’s strategic goals                                                 considered the possibility of, and
                                                                                                         scenarios arising from, Brexit together
and its performance against them.                                                                        with a business update and future
                                                                                                         strategy plans from the London and
                                                                                                         South East Division, and the 2018
                                                                                                         risk assessment.


From a governance perspective, it is not just a         The Board and individual Directors also
                                                                                                         April
case of what is done but also, and just as              undertake regular visits to our regional         In its April meeting, the Board
importantly, how it is done. In light of this, we try   businesses and their development sites,          considered presentations on customer
to avoid a ‘box ticking’ approach to corporate          which have proved to be both very useful         service, customer focus and the
                                                                                                         potential implications for the UK
governance, preferring our own governance to            and informative.                                 homebuilding industry of Brexit
be something that is properly embedded in our                                                            and wider political developments.
                                                        Special topics considered during the year at
people, processes and decision making at all
                                                        Board meetings included those listed in the
levels and vested in the personal values of all
                                                        timeline opposite.
Directors and senior management.
                                                                                                         May
As a Board, we review health, safety and                                                                 At its May meeting, the Board
environmental performance at every Board                                                                 considered an update on the
                                                                                                         business and future strategy plans
meeting as the first substantive agenda item.                                                            of the North Division and a presentation
We also regularly review: our business strategy;                                                         on plans for sales and marketing
key risks; the market; operational matters;                                                              across the business.
customer service; diversity and inclusivity;
corporate responsibility; our financial position
and performance; governance, compliance and                                                              June
legal matters, including whistleblowing; and                                                             At its June meeting, the Board
stakeholder-related matters, including the make                                                          debated a strategy update and
                                                                                                         identified and agreed the key priorities
up of our share register and investor relations                                                          together with progress made to date
programme; community engagement; and                                                                     and activities planned going forward.
human resources and wider employee matters.                                                              It also received an update on the
                                                                                                         business and future strategy for the
This is done through the consideration and                                                               Major Developments business.
discussion of regular reports submitted by
the Executive Directors and through regular
reports and presentations from our senior
management and external advisers.                                                                        September
                                                                                                         At its September Board ‘away day’ in the
                                                                                                         Company’s Manchester business, the
                                                                                                         Board considered a presentation on
                                                                                                         sustainability in relation to Group
                                                                                                         operations and the supply chain and
                                                                                                         received a breakfast briefing from external
                                                                                                         speakers on Artificial Intelligence.

                                                                                                         October
                                                                                                         In its October meeting, the Board
                                                                                                         considered updates on progress and
                                                                                                         future strategy in the areas of land and
                                                                                                         human resourcing, including for the
                                                                                                         latter, recruitment and induction plans,
                                                                                                         and the strategy for further improving
                                                                                                         diversity and inclusiveness.




                                                                                                         December
                                                                                                         At its December meeting, the Board
                                                                                                         considered the strategy for further
                                                                                                         improving performance in the
                                                                                                         areas of risk review and mitigation
                                                                                                         measures, health, safety, environment
                                                                                                         and sustainability.




70      Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
How our Board monitors culture
The Board sets the culture of the Group, as described on pages 2, 61 and 69, and uses a number of indicators to inform its regular assessment of
whether the culture continues to be appropriate and whether there are any further actions that are necessary.



                                                                                                                                                              Governance
These indicators cover a range of in-house and independent monitors, as set out below:



​                                  Employee survey
​                                  The Employee Survey is conducted every two years and the results for 2019, in which over two-thirds of
                                   employees participated, showed over 90% considered that:
                                   –– Their work gave them active engagement in the Group’s performance and prospects.
                                   –– They understood, supported and actively promoted the Group’s strategy.
                                   –– They understood, supported and actively promoted in their day to day work the key strategic direction of
                                      improved attention to customers’ needs.



​                                  Glassdoor list of best places to work
​                                  The results of the Employee Survey (above) are further borne out by the annual Glassdoor list of best places to
                                   work which is an independent survey across UK businesses of employees’ perception of the Company for which
                                   they work.
                                   The 2019 list, ranking the best places to work during 2020, showed the Company had maintained its top fifty ranking
                                   for the third successive year and continued to be the highest-ranked of the major UK Housebuilding companies.




​                                  Employee retention
​                                  The Board receives an update on HR matters at each meeting.
                                   Our employees offer one of our greatest competitive advantages and retaining their services is a key element
                                   of our strategy. Voluntary employee turnover of 12.9% is lower than for 2018 and is aligned to a strong level of
                                   engagement with the Company’s strategy.




​                                  Health and safety
​                                  The Company maintains an absolute, non-negotiable commitment to maintaining a healthy and safe place of work
                                   for all stakeholders, as described elsewhere in this Annual Report on pages 15, 23 and 28. The Employee Survey
                                   described above found that 97% of employees understood their role in advancing this commitment in their day to
                                   day work.




​                                  Compliance
​                                  The Group has robust policies, regularly reviewed, concerning key governance areas including anti-bribery;
                                   anti-corruption; anti-money laundering; and anti-slavery and human trafficking. These policies are actively
                                   promoted through online training; checks for successful completion of initial and updated training and guidance;
                                   and annual sign-offs by senior management across the business.
                                   These processes and checks are underpinned by a robust Internal Audit Department, whose work is monitored by
                                   the Audit Committee as described on pages 103-104, and an independent whistleblowing process monitored by
                                   the Board as described on page 75.




www.taylorwimpey.co.uk                                                                                                                                  71
Board Leadership and Company Purpose continued


 Stakeholder engagement

 The Board’s objectives for 2019 in this             To achieve those objectives, the Board               The Board’s objectives for 2020 in this
 area were:                                          regularly reviewed its duties under Section 172      area are:
                                                     of the Companies Act 2006.
 –– To actively encourage shareholder                                                                     To further deepen the existing processes
    participation through clear messaging and        –– Full details of the Board’s engagement with       whereby stakeholder views are taken into
    reporting and careful review of shareholder         stakeholders and the ways in which this           account in the Board’s decision-making
    feedback.                                           engagement was taken into account in the          process, including by:
 –– To monitor the planned further                      decision-making processes during 2019 is
                                                                                                          –– Actively encouraging shareholder
    improvements in customer service                    set out in the ‘Considering stakeholders in
                                                                                                             participation through clear messaging and
    performance during 2019.                            decision making’ section on pages 76 to 81
                                                                                                             reporting and careful review of shareholder
 –– To ensure the Group works with                      of this Annual Report and Accounts.
                                                                                                             feedback.
    subcontractors and suppliers to constantly       –– For engagement with employees, the Board          –– Monitoring the planned further improvements
    seek ways of further improving quality;             considers that the NEF, whose activities are         in customer service performance during
    sustainability; and delivery in a safe working      described in more detail on pages 78 and             2020.
    environment.                                        135, together with other modes of employee        –– Ensuring the Group works with
 –– To monitor and further develop the                  involvement and communication described              subcontractors and suppliers to constantly
    employee voice through the National                 on pages 78 and 79 and 135 and 136, are              seek ways of further improving quality;
    Employee Forum.                                     the most effective means of engagement as            sustainability; and delivery in a safe working
                                                        they deliver a variety of insights and               environment.
                                                        feedback from across all levels and
                                                                                                          –– Reviewing the effectiveness of the National
                                                        specialities of the team. The Board will,
                                                                                                             Employee Forum now that it has been
                                                        however, continue to keep this under review.
                                                                                                             established for over two years, and consider
                                                                                                             options to develop and strengthen
                                                                                                             engagement with employees.




 Organisational capacity

 The Board’s objectives for 2019 in this             –– In addition to its regular update at each         –– The Audit Committee also received detailed
 area were:                                             meeting, received two detailed half-yearly           half yearly updates on the development and
                                                        updates on human resources.                          resilience of the Group’s information
 –– To ensure the Company’s resourcing,
                                                     –– In addition to monitoring progress generally         technology systems and management of
    including capital, finance, people and land,
                                                        throughout the year, received two detailed           cyber security risk.
    remains sufficient to achieve the strategy
    whilst seeking to continuously improve              half-yearly updates on progress against its       –– The Board received updates on the financial
    performance and meet wider diversity                Diversity Policy, inclusivity and in respect of      position of the Group’s pension fund and
    considerations.                                     gender pay.                                          related funding objectives.
 –– To ensure that training and development          –– The Nomination Committee formally                 The Board’s objectives for 2020 in this
    plans support continuous improvement in             reviewed on two occasions the strategy for        area are:
    the team and contribute towards wider               succession planning and related training
                                                        assessment and provision, both for the            –– To ensure the Company’s resourcing,
    diversity improvements.
                                                        Board and the executives immediately                 including capital, finance, people and land,
 To achieve those objectives, the Board                 below Board level, and progress made                 remains sufficient to achieve the strategy
 undertook the following during 2019:                   in achieving it. The Board also reviewed             whilst seeking to continuously improve
                                                        human resources related matters that were            performance and meet wider diversity
 –– Reviewed reports at each meeting on the
                                                        tabled at each Board meeting.                        considerations.
    financial performance of the Company and
    the availability, currently and forecast going   –– Reviewed arrangements for compliance with         –– To ensure that training and development
    forward, of financial, people and supply            GDPR and action taken and proposed for               plans support continuous improvement in
    chain resources.                                    further improving the resilience of the              the team and contribute towards wider
                                                        Group’s information technology systems,              diversity improvements.
 –– Received reports on subjects discussed at
    meetings of the National Employee Forum             particularly to mitigate cyber security risk.
    and considered employee participants’
    views on key areas including strategic,
    business and remuneration matters.




72     Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
Strategy and execution

The Board’s objectives for 2019 in this             –– Received detailed updates on other key             presentation on the Group’s health, safety
area were:                                             performance areas, including business              and environmental performance for the year
                                                       culture; customer service and its use of           and plans for seeking further improvement
–– To ensure the Company’s strategy remains
                                                       digital communications; land and planning;         going forward.
   robust in the light of any forecast market and
                                                       and production and procurement.
   wider economic changes.                                                                              In light of the foregoing, the Board also,
                                                    –– Reviewed and agreed the Group budget for         with prior input and advice from the
–– To ensure the Company’s performance
                                                       the period 2020 to 2021; and received a          Audit Committee:
   remains on schedule to achieve the strategy.



                                                                                                                                                                   Governance
                                                       detailed review of the Group’s financial
–– To take all measures to ensure that health                                                           –– Considered the draft Annual Report and
                                                       position; borrowing facilities; and financing
   and safety remains the Group’s top priority                                                             Accounts and associated viability
                                                       alternatives; in relation to its strategic
   and will remain an ongoing area of focus.                                                               assessment and statement and
                                                       direction and latest forecasts.
To achieve those objectives, the Board                                                                     Sustainability Report for 2018 and the Half
                                                    –– Considered the Company’s dividend policy
undertook the following during 2019:                                                                       Year results for 2019.
                                                       going forward in light of performance
                                                       reports; strategic direction and outlook;        –– Determined the amount of final ordinary
–– Regularly reviewed detailed business
                                                       and financial position.                             dividend for 2018 and special dividend for
   proposals for the delivery of the Company’s
                                                                                                           2019 to be proposed to shareholders at the
   strategy, including detailed proposals for       –– Received a detailed update on the progress
                                                                                                           2019 AGM; the interim dividend for 2019;
   each of the North; Central and South West;          of the Company’s strategy from Management,
                                                                                                           and the special dividend proposed for 2020.
   Central London and South East Divisions;            including risks in its delivery and how they
                                                       are mitigated, and an economic overview          –– Approved in principle the draft 2018
   specifically for the Central London Region;
                                                       presentation from an independent external           Full Year Results Statement; the draft 2019
   and for the Major Developments business.
                                                       expert as a backdrop to the Group’s                 Half Year Results Statement; and the draft
–– Regularly reviewed performance to date
                                                       strategic and performance reviews.                  Trading Statement to update shareholders
   through considering, in addition to regular
                                                                                                           on progress for the year to date at the
   updates from the Executive, detailed             –– Received regular governance updates
                                                                                                           2019 AGM.
   business performance updates from the               and briefings.
   North; Central and South West; Central           –– At each meeting, detailed reports from the       The Board’s objectives for 2020 in this
   London and South East Divisions;                    Executive Team were discussed, reviewing         area are:
   specifically for the Central London Region;         forward resourcing requirements in the areas     –– To ensure the Company’s strategy remains
   and for the Major Developments business;            of capital, finance, people and land, and           robust in the light of any forecast market and
   together with various year end performance          operating decisions taken or proposed to            wider economic changes.
   projections for the Group.                          address them.                                    –– To ensure the Company’s performance
                                                    –– Health, safety and environmental progress           remains on schedule to achieve the strategy.
                                                       and performance is the first substantive item    –– To take all measures to ensure that health
                                                       of business at each Board meeting and the           and safety remains the Group’s top priority
                                                       Board receives each year a detailed                 and will remain an ongoing area of focus.


Governance and values

The Board’s objectives for 2019 in this             –– Checked the status of the Company’s                Detailed guidance has been issued around the
area were:                                             compliance with the requirements of the            business and key personnel have undertaken
                                                       revised Code throughout 2019.                      training in identifying; assessing; and reporting
–– To ensure that there is continued full
                                                    –– Submitted to shareholders at the 2019 AGM          any instances that might arise; with the aim of
   compliance with the Code and with wider
                                                       a Remuneration Report that was approved            reducing the risks of modern slavery and
   statutory and regulatory requirements.
                                                       with a vote in excess of 96%.                      related practices as far as possible.
–– To ensure that remuneration continues to be
   implemented within the framework of the          –– Concluded the internally-facilitated Board       The Board’s objectives for 2020 in this
   Company’s Remuneration Policy and                   evaluation for 2018, identifying areas for       area are:
   proportionately rewards achievement of              further improvement and acting on the
                                                                                                        –– To ensure that there is continued full
   the strategy.                                       recommendations.
                                                                                                           compliance with the Code and with wider
–– To implement the improvements identified         –– Sought shareholder and institutional
                                                                                                           statutory and regulatory requirements.
   arising from the internally-facilitated 2018        feedback, both at the AGM and when
                                                                                                        –– To ensure that remuneration continues to be
   Board evaluation.                                   presenting the Company’s Half Year and
                                                                                                           implemented within the framework of the
                                                       Full Year results; and in notifying proposals
–– To conduct an effective Board evaluation.                                                               Company’s new Remuneration Policy
                                                       for updating the Remuneration Policy. The
–– To monitor shareholder feedback and                                                                     (subject to shareholder approval) and
                                                       results of the feedback from shareholders
   continue to actively promote wider                                                                      proportionately rewards achievement of
                                                       were taken into consideration by the Board
   engagement.                                                                                             the strategy.
                                                       together with advice from its stockbrokers.
To achieve those objectives, the Board                                                                  –– To implement the improvements identified
                                                    –– Reviewed and further enhanced and
undertook the following during 2019:                                                                       arising from the internally-facilitated 2019
                                                       improved processes and checks designed
                                                                                                           Board appraisal.
–– Received, together with the Board                   to guard against instances of modern slavery
                                                       within the Company and its supply chain.         –– To conduct an effective, externally-facilitated
   Committees, regular updates on governance
                                                                                                           Board evaluation.
   and regulatory developments during the           –– The Company made its third Modern Slavery
                                                       Act 2015 statement in March 2019 after           –– To monitor shareholder feedback and continue
   year, including on remuneration, both from
                                                       reviewing its operations and its supply chain.      to actively promote wider engagement.
   internal and independent external sources.


www.taylorwimpey.co.uk                                                                                                                                       73
Board Leadership and Company Purpose continued




Health, safety and environment                        All businesses and employees are expected              Management
The Board is fully committed to providing a safe      to operate at all times to the highest standards       Progress in achieving the Group Strategy is
place in which our employees and                      of integrity and conduct in all matters concerning     reviewed at each Board meeting and is reported
subcontractors can work, and our customers            the Group. Accordingly, there is a Code of             on pages 24 to 29. The Chief Executive has
can live. We also ensure that all of our sites are    Business Conduct, which sets out the standard for      responsibility for preparing and reviewing
developed to high standards of environmental          individual dealings both internally and externally.    strategic plans for the Group and the annual
management. As the first substantive item at          Formal policies have been adopted, which set out       budgetary process. These are subject to formal
each Board meeting, the Board receives detailed       the ethical framework within which all Taylor          review and approval by the Board. Budgets are
reports on health, safety and environmental           Wimpey companies and employees are required            re-examined in comparison with business
matters in respect of the Company’s operations        to undertake their business – this includes, in line   forecasts throughout the year to ensure they are
in the UK and Spain. The Company’s detailed           with the Bribery Act 2010, an Anti-Corruption          sufficiently robust in order to reflect the possible
carbon reporting, as required by the Department       Policy which requires an annual sign-off by            impact of changing economic conditions and
for Business, Energy & Industrial Strategy, is set    designated senior management. All business units       circumstances. The Chief Executive and the
out on pages 44 and 138.                              receive training each year from external experts       Board conduct regular reviews of actual results
                                                      on legislative and regulatory matters.                 and future projections with comparison against
More details, on these and other initiatives in
                                                      The following documents relating to the                budget and prior year, together with various
these areas, can be found in the Stakeholders
                                                      Group’s management processes and division              treasury reports. Disputes that may give rise to
section on pages 42-43 and 81 and in our
                                                      of responsibility are available for review on the      significant litigation or contractual claims are
Sustainability Report for 2019.
                                                      Company’s website at www.taylorwimpey.co.uk/           monitored at each Board meeting, with specific
                                                      corporate/investor-relations/corporate-governance:     updates on any material developments or new
Operational oversight
                                                                                                             matters presented by the Secretary.
Operational management of the Company’s               –– Schedule of matters specifically reserved for
business is undertaken by the Chief Executive            the decision of the Board, including full           The Group has clearly defined policies,
who receives advice from the Group                       oversight of all decisions on profit expectations   processes and procedures governing all areas
Management Team (GMT). The GMT is the most               and Dividend Policy.                                of the business, which will continue to be
senior executive committee and, in addition to        –– Terms of Reference of the Board Committees:         reviewed and refined in order to meet the
the Chief Executive, consists of the Group               Audit, Nomination and Remuneration, which           requirements of the business and changing
Finance Director, the Group Operations Director,         outline their objectives and responsibilities and   market circumstances.
the Group General Counsel and Company                    define a programme of activities to support         Defined authority limits continue to be closely
Secretary, three Divisional Chairs, the Group HR         the discharge of those responsibilities.            monitored in response to prevailing market
Director and the Major Developments Director.         –– Policies covering operational, compliance,          conditions. Any investment, acquisition or
The GMT meets on a regular basis and also                corporate responsibility and stakeholder            significant purchase or disposal of land requires
once each month with the Divisional Managing             matters, including those related to the Bribery     detailed appraisal and is subject to approval
Directors when it sits in the capacity of the wider      Act 2010 and Anti-Corruption referred to            by the Board or the Chief Executive, depending
Group Operation Team.                                    above, which are reviewed whenever                  on the value and nature of the investment
                                                         necessary to take account of developments in        or contract.
The Board also receives regular reports and
                                                         corporate governance, changes in legislation
minutes from the Treasury Committee, which                                                                   There is a clearly identifiable organisational
                                                         and revised processes.
meets under the Chairship of the Group Finance                                                               structure and a framework of delegated authority
Director, and also comprises the Group General        –– The Company’s Articles of Association.              approved by the Board within which individual
Counsel and Company Secretary, one of the             These have been updated to reflect the July 2018       responsibilities of senior executives of Group
Divisional Chairs (who rotate periodically) and the   version of the Code and relevant reporting             companies are identified and can be monitored.
Group Treasurer. The key responsibilities of the      against these is provided to the Board or to the       The Operating Framework, within which
Treasury Committee are, broadly, to monitor and       Audit Committee by the Head of Internal Audit          delegated authorities, responsibilities and related
keep under review the Group’s financial risks,        and the Secretary as appropriate.                      processes are explained in detail, is available for
financial policies, financial facilities, covenant                                                           review and guidance online by any employee
compliance and insurance programme in the light                                                              through the Company’s intranet. These activities
of current and proposed strategic and operational                                                            are reinforced through process compliance and
requirements, and to make recommendations to                                                                 other audits conducted by Internal Audit.
the Board or GMT, as appropriate, regarding                                                                  The annual employee performance appraisal
policy or operational changes in these areas.                                                                process is competency-based, with individual
                                                                                                             objectives cascaded down from the appropriate
                                                                                                             business objectives. The process also identifies
                                                                                                             training needs to support achievement
                                                                                                             of objectives.




74      Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
During 2019, the Group’s control environment        The Board took advice during the year:               Whistleblowing incidents and their outcome are



                                                                                                                                                               Governance
was further improved through enhanced                                                                    reported to the Board, on an anonymous basis,
                                                    –– From various safety consultants including
reporting, tracking and monitoring, led by the                                                           in line with the requirement in the July 2018
                                                       principally London Fire Consultants & Design
Audit Committee, which identified the key risks                                                          update of the Code which applied from
                                                       Associates Limited in reviewing the external
to be reviewed and assessed by Internal Audit                                                            1 January 2019. Whistleblowing featured
                                                       cladding system and fire safety arrangements
as part of its programme of work during the year.                                                        regularly on the Board’s agenda during 2019,
                                                       on relevant developments in light of the
                                                                                                         with formal half yearly reviews and interim
                                                       Grenfell Tower fire tragedy, and also took
Risk                                                                                                     updating on significant matters. This allowed the
                                                       specific legal and fire safety advice from
                                                                                                         Board to regularly review the adequacy of the
The Audit Committee carried out a number               professional advisers in ensuring that the
                                                                                                         policy in line with its requirement to do so under
of assessments of risk and its identification          appropriate follow-up actions were taken.
                                                                                                         the Code. The policy itself is periodically
and mitigation during 2019 as set out on            –– From Finsbury and JPMorgan Cazenove on
                                                                                                         reviewed and includes the ability for workers
pages 101-102.                                         the political outlook.
                                                                                                         to make protected disclosures with regard
In addition, the Board, assisted by the             –– From Deloitte via the Audit Committee on the      to matters arising under the Modern Slavery
Audit Committee, and informed by a detailed            significant governance developments during        Act with regard to our business and its supply
review from the Group Operation Team,                  the year.                                         chain. Following a review of the process and
carried out a robust assessment of the principal    –– From Korn Ferry via the Remuneration              administration; and the continuing high-profile
and emerging risks facing the Group including          Committee on remuneration matters as              awareness campaign around the Company’s
those that would threaten its business model,          reported in more detail in the Remuneration       businesses and offices; the Board is satisfied that
future performance, solvency or liquidity.             Report on page 121.                               the policy and its administration remain effective.
The nature of this assessment and output            The Board also receives regular advice from its
are as disclosed on pages 101-102.                  brokers (Credit Suisse International and Citigroup
                                                    Global Markets Limited from 18 October 2019)
Anti-bribery and anti-corruption                    and from their predecessors as the Company’s
In line with the Bribery Act 2010, the Company      brokers on its announcements and also more
has written policies on its zero-tolerance          generally on the sector and the relative
approach to bribery or corruption. The policies     performance of the Company’s share price.
apply across all of the Company’s businesses
and are available for review externally on the      Whistleblowing
Company’s website and by all employees on the       The Group’s Whistleblowing Policy is supported
Company’s intranet. The risk to the Company of      by a clear policy and process that includes an
non-compliance would be significant reputational    independent third party whistleblowing hotline
damage, potential financial penalties and the       through which any person, including employees
possible exclusion from certain approved partner    of the Company, may, in confidence, raise
arrangements. These risks are mitigated by          concerns about possible improprieties in
training for senior managers and by issuing an      financial reporting, other operational matters
annual reminder to all businesses and key           or inappropriate behaviours in the workplace.
departments requiring each managing director        All whistleblowing cases are investigated by the
or departmental head to check that their teams      Head of Internal Audit, Head of HSE (where
have complied with the policies during the          appropriate), Group Human Resources Director
reporting year and reported any infringements;      and / or the Group General Counsel and
remain aware of the policies’ requirements for      Company Secretary depending on the nature of
the coming year; and to formally confirm in         the issue. The Chief Executive is apprised, on an
writing that they have done so.                     anonymous basis, of all allegations and
                                                    conclusions of the review.
Advice available to the Board
All Directors have access to the advice and
services of the Secretary and Company
Secretariat team. The Board has an established
procedure whereby Directors may take
independent professional advice at the
Company’s expense where they judge it
necessary to do so in order to discharge their
responsibilities as Directors.




www.taylorwimpey.co.uk                                                                                                                                  75
Board Leadership and Company Purpose continued


Considering stakeholders
in decision-making
We actively encourage engagement with
our shareholders and other stakeholders.


The Directors are required by law to act in a way      The Board concluded that its key stakeholders         Engagement with employees
that promotes the success of the Company for           continue to be as listed in last year’s Annual        During the year, we have engaged with
the benefit of shareholders as a whole. In so          Report, namely:                                       employees on a number of issues related to
doing the Company must, in accordance with                                                                   them, namely the impact of Brexit; feedback
                                                       –– Our customers, who buy the Company’s
Section 172 of the Companies Act 2006, also                                                                  from the results of the ‘TalkBack’ employee
                                                          product.
have regard to wider expectations of responsible                                                             survey; the development of the new Taylor
                                                       –– Our employees.
business behaviour, such as having due regard                                                                Wimpey Values; and further proposals to
to the interests of, and actively engaging with, its   –– Our partners in the supply chain, who are
                                                          suppliers and subcontractors to the                facilitate agile working. In addition, feedback was
employees; the need to engage and foster                                                                     sought following briefings given on Group plans,
business relationships with suppliers, customers          Company’s business operations.
                                                                                                             progress and initiatives. As we consider our
and others; the need to act fairly as between          –– Our shareholders, who invest in the Company.
                                                                                                             employees to be one of the key resources that
members of the Company; the likely                     –– The communities in which the Company
                                                                                                             enable us to drive success, we also encourage
consequences of any decision in the long term;            operates.
                                                                                                             their involvement in driving the Company’s
the desirability of maintaining a reputation for       In addition, the Board also specifically took into    performance through encouraging participation
high standards of business conduct; and the            account the potential impact of the Company’s         in the all-employee share schemes, which is
impact of the Company’s operations on the              operations on:                                        discussed in more detail in the Remuneration
community and the wider environment.                                                                         Report, on page 117. We consider our
                                                       –– The health and safety of its employees,
The Company’s statement of how the Board                  customers and visitors to its sites and offices.   employees’ feedback to be an essential
complied with this legal requirement during 2019                                                             component of our efforts to move forward as a
                                                       –– The environment.
and continues to do so into 2020, appears on                                                                 Company, and more information on how we
page 33.                                                                                                     have considered their views in Board decision-
                                                       Engagement with wider stakeholders                    making can be found in the following pages.
This section explains how the Board undertook
                                                       Engagement with each of these stakeholders
this during 2019.                                                                                            Set out overleaf are details of how the Board
                                                       and consideration of their respective interests in
                                                                                                             engaged with employees and other stakeholders
During the year, the Board specifically discussed      the Company’s decision-making process, took
                                                                                                             and the way their views informed the Board
this requirement on several occasions and              place during the year as described on this page
                                                                                                             and were taken into account in the Board’s
concluded that its existing processes and              and on pages 77 to 81.
                                                                                                             processes and decision making during the year.
decision-making properly take into account
                                                       The Board continues to engage with its key
both the duty to shareholders and the wider
                                                       stakeholders and the feedback from this
considerations with regard to other stakeholders
                                                       engagement will continue to inform the Board’s
as referred to above.
                                                       thinking and decision-making in relation to
                                                       strategy and the oversight of the day to day
                                                       operations of the Group.




76      Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
Our stakeholders                                   Our customers
 Our customers




                                                                                                                                Governance
Delivering high levels of customer satisfaction
enhances the reputation of our business.
See pages 34 and 77
                                                   Engagement with customers and
 Our employees                                     consideration of their interests
                                                   Delivering high levels of customer satisfaction enhances the
                                                   reputation of our business and reduces the costs associated with
                                                   rectifying poor-quality work. The Board and the Group Management
                                                   Team regularly review customer satisfaction scores as independently
                                                   reported and consider ways in which these can be improved.
                                                   A number of customer focus groups were consulted to ascertain key
                                                   considerations, preferences and concerns when considering the
                                                   purchase of a new home and the feedback from these informed the
Our National Employee Forum gives the
                                                   customer-focused strategic approach.
Company’s employees an extended ‘voice’
on key matters.                                    The Board receives monthly reports on customer service matters,
See pages 36 and 78                                at Group level and for each operating division. Performance relative
                                                   to customer issues and overall scoring within the independent
 Our partners                                      NHBC customer surveys are considered regularly at Board
                                                   meetings. In addition, the Board receives special presentations
                                                   covering engagement, from the UK Sales and Marketing Director
                                                   and the Customer Service Director, whose views and data are taken
                                                   into account in developing strategy; and operational management
                                                   and initiatives.
                                                   The Chief Executive’s report to each Board meeting considers the
                                                   inter relation between operating performance; delivery of units; and
We engage with our suppliers and                   profit; in relation to employees; resourcing; health and safety; and
subcontractors at local and national level to      customer service; to ensure that an appropriate balance is
keep them informed.                                maintained and to emphasise the primacy of customer service and
See pages 38 and 79                                safety over speed and number of unit completions.
                                                   The Board receives and debates customer-focused strategy
 Our investors                                     development; performance; and outcomes; from presentations by
                                                   the UK Sales and Marketing Director and the Customer Service
                                                   Director in relation to the Group; from Divisional Chairmen and
                                                   Divisional MDs in relation to specific Group businesses; and
                                                   assesses plans being developed for the future in these areas.
                                                   Extensive research with customers, conducted during 2018, both
                                                   those who purchased homes from the Company and those who did
                                                   not, was reviewed by the Board and by Management, and was used
The Board actively seeks and encourages            to shape the customer-focused strategy:
engagement with shareholders.                      Customers told us:
See pages 40 and 80
                                                   –– The bedrock of a Company is the quality of its products,
                                                      which formed one basis of the strategic focus on quality.
 Our communities
                                                   –– They don’t just buy a home, they buy into ‘the place’
                                                      where it is located, which informed the strategic focus on
                                                      wider ‘placemaking’.
                                                   –– The Company needs to think more about the homebuying
                                                      experience from the customer’s perspective, which helped to
                                                      guide the further development of the ‘options online’ facility and
                                                      the ongoing re-design of the Company’s website.

We actively seek the views of local communities.        More details are set out on pages 34-35
See pages 42 and 81




www.taylorwimpey.co.uk                                                                                                    77
Board Leadership and Company Purpose continued



 Our employees




     Engagement with employees and                                            Employees are recognised as a key asset to the business and to the
     consideration of their interests                                         achievement of the strategy and this is recognised by the Board’s
                                                                              inclusion as a key strategic objective the aim of becoming the employer
     The principal forum for engagement with our employees is the National
                                                                              of choice. During the year, the Board acted on employee feedback
     Employee Forum (NEF) which has worked well throughout 2019 and
                                                                              received through the communication and engagement channels
     into 2020, giving the Company’s employees an extended ‘voice’ with
                                                                              described on pages 135 to 137 by:
     regard to key matters that are being considered.
                                                                              –– Continuing to enhance the working environment to facilitate
     Meetings were held quarterly during 2019 and all generated a good
                                                                                 increased co-operation by greater use of open plan facilities.
     level of healthy debate. The meetings are attended by a member of the
     Group Management Team and each so far has been attended by either        –– Introducing improved technology at site level to facilitate
     the Company Secretary and / or by the Group HR Director. During 2019,       communication and reporting and to improve time management at
     the Chief Executive attended one meeting and discussed the impact of        site management level.
     Brexit, the results of the employee ‘TalkBack’ survey, the new Company   –– Further promoting and facilitating flexible working.
     values, and sought the Forum’s views and feedback on agile working       –– Making available increased support for employees through greater
     proposals. Relevant Board members also attended NEF meetings to             focus on health and wellbeing, including mental health.
     brief the employee representatives on Group plans; progress and          –– Seeking and taking into account feedback as the Company’s
     initiatives; and to receive feedback on the proposals which was then        new values, described on pages 2,15 and 23 were developed
     taken into account in finalising and implementing key changes.              and introduced.
     The Board receives at each Board meeting detailed reports on             –– Rolling-out the availability of defibrillators to offices and sites and
     employee matters, at Group level and for each operating division, and       offering training in their effective use.
     these, together with feedback from the NEF meetings, inform the          –– Taking into account feedback in the development of the plan for the
     Board’s discussion on matters potentially affecting employees to any        roll-out during 2019 of new IT hardware and associated training in
     significant extent.                                                         its use.
     The Board received regular updates on the views of the workforce         –– Incorporating their views into the development of the new induction
     through receiving and discussing the minutes of meetings of the NEF         process, during both the design and later finalisation phases.
     and the outcome of any interim consultations on proposed new             –– Reflecting feedback in the further spread of agile working around the
     policies, procedures and employment related developments.                   business and tailoring the process to better facilitate this.
                                                                              –– Introducing digitisation of the workplace which will offer additional
     The Board also debated the detailed outcomes of the biannual
                                                                                 tools and resources requested for the workplace.
     Employee Survey and these views and overall employee feedback were
     integrated into the development of future strategy and shorter term
     initiatives across the business.
                                                                              Consideration of people with disabilities
                                                                              The Company is committed to making its products accessible to
         More details are set out on pages 36-37 and 135-137                  customers with disabilities and to ensuring that prospective employees
                                                                              with disabilities should have fair consideration for all vacancies within
                                                                              the Group.
                                                                              To provide more flexibility for customers with disabilities, the majority
                                                                              of the houses in our new house type range are designed to Level 2
                                                                              of Part M of the Building Regulations. This enhanced standard allows
                                                                              for easier movement into and around the house as well as providing
                                                                              flexibility in adapting bathrooms and bedrooms for disabled people.




78       Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
                                                                            Our partners




                                                                                                                                                            Governance
For employees, the Company is committed to ensuring that, where             Engagement with our partners in the supply chain
possible, people with disabilities are supported and encouraged             and consideration of their interests
to apply for employment; to achieve progress once employed;
                                                                            The Company negotiates with subcontractors and suppliers, both
and for this to be facilitated to the extent reasonably possible by
                                                                            on a national and a local basis, to develop national framework
investigating the possibility of making reasonable adjustments to
                                                                            agreements and to agree both national and local commercial terms.
the job, workplace or equipment.
                                                                            These reflect the payment practices and performance in respect of
                                                                            which we have published two six-monthly Payment Practice Reports
     More details are set out on page 137 and in our                        during 2019, which may be found online at https://check-payment-
     Sustainability Report for 2019
                                                                            practices.service.gov.uk/company/01392762/reports
                                                                            We engage with our suppliers at both local and national level to keep
Careers                                                                     them informed of key forecasting information.
The Board is very mindful of the need to develop skills in the
                                                                            We engage with our suppliers on a wide range of sustainability
housebuilding industry, particularly in light of the possible challenges
                                                                            initiatives through meetings, workshops and our membership of the
around Brexit, and the Company continues to offer a significant
                                                                            Supply Chain Sustainability School. We are refocusing on waste
number of opportunities for the development of new skills:
                                                                            elimination and reduction including packaging waste in particular.
–– Apprentices are given opportunities to develop in key building trades.
                                                                            The Company also engages with Non-Governmental Organisations
–– The Graduate programme, which lasts two to three years, helps            (NGOs) and expert organisations to assist us in creating sustainable
   to fulfil our talent succession requirements in Strategic Land,          communities around our housing developments, covering areas
   Land, Sales, IT and Finance as well as supporting key business           such as urban design; ecology; and innovation.
   and charity projects throughout the programme duration.
                                                                            The Company holds an annual materials suppliers conference to
–– All employees have annual reviews linked to personal development
                                                                            drive quality and environmental sourcing deeper throughout the
   plans and targets for further improving their skills and experience.
                                                                            supply chain.
–– Training is available to assist employees in seeking to maximise
   their opportunities around the Group.                                    We employ a full-time Research and Development Manager with
                                                                            specific responsibilities for innovation. The role includes a high level
     More details are set out on pages 36 and 136 to 137                    of engagement with our supply chain, both material manufacturers,
                                                                            suppliers and subcontractors, across a wide range of products and
                                                                            services. The role dovetails with our supplier relationship
                                                                            programme, in which we seek to enhance and improve both
                                                                            process and product with our key supply chain partners.
                                                                            The Board and the Group Management Team, in developing and
                                                                            implementing the strategy, consider the impact of the Company’s
                                                                            business operations on sustainability in relation to supply chain
                                                                            sourcing and supplier agreements.
                                                                            The strategy approved by the Board reflected this engagement
                                                                            through seeking to increase the proportion of long term partnerships
                                                                            with subcontractors and suppliers and further increasing the high
                                                                            standards the Company sets in relation to safety, skills development
                                                                            and environmental responsibility.

                                                                                 More details are set out on pages 38 to 39




www.taylorwimpey.co.uk                                                                                                                                79
Board Leadership and Company Purpose continued



 Our investors




     Engagement with shareholders and                                             What our shareholders have asked us this year
     consideration of their interests                                             During 2019, the Company held various meetings with investors
     The Board actively seeks and encourages engagement with                      representing a substantial proportion of the share register. Our engagement
     shareholders, including its major institutional shareholders and             is both proactive, where we organise roadshows, attend conferences,
     shareholder representative bodies. The Board fully supports the              host analyst days and site visits; and reactive, responding to incoming
     principles of the 2018 UK Corporate Governance Code and also                 requests from our institutional shareholders.
     welcomes and acknowledges the Stewardship Code, both of which                We hosted a further seven site visits during 2019, which gave investors
     aim to foster a more proactive governance role by major shareholders.        and analysts the opportunity to meet our operating teams and also
     The Board has put in place arrangements designed to facilitate contact       hosted a separate event at which analysts met Regional management
     with shareholders concerning business, governance, remuneration and          from across the business.
     other relevant topics. This provides the opportunity for meetings
     between shareholders and the Chair, the Independent Non Executive            The overall level of engagement was slightly less than in previous years
     Directors (including the Senior Independent Director), as well as the        due to investors’ informing us of their preference to await greater clarity
     Chief Executive, Group Finance Director and Group Operations Director        around Brexit.
     and other executives including the Company Secretary as appropriate,         The key matters raised by investors at these meetings, and details of
     in order to establish a mutual understanding of objectives.                  how the Company acted on the feedback received, were:
     The Company also operates a structured programme of investor                 Margin and cost management
     relations, based on formal announcements and publications covering
     the Full Year and Half Year results. This includes engagement with           Margins reduced in 2019 as a result of higher levels of build cost
     shareholders and shareholder representative bodies at meetings with          inflation being experienced. As a result there were an increased number
     individual Directors to establish a mutual understanding of objectives. In   of questions around cost management and margin. During 2018,
     addition, the Chair meets with the Company’s institutional shareholders      we had already launched a cost and efficiency review with multiple
     from time to time, both proactively and upon request, in order to            workstreams and an expectation of generating savings from 2020 into
     discuss the Company and its performance, governance and                      2023. In 2019, in response to the changed market conditions, we also
     remuneration policies.                                                       stepped up our focus on business as usual cost management with a
                                                                                  number of initiatives complimentary to the existing cost and efficiency
     An annual consultation exercise is undertaken by the Remuneration            workstreams. Appreciating that this is a key area of interest for investors
     Committee, in conjunction with which the Chair of the Committee              we strengthened our communication on the various factors influencing
     engages directly with shareholders and their representative bodies.          margin as part of the 2019 full year results presentation, including
     In developing the proposed new Remuneration Policy, the Remuneration         expanding our margin bridge disclosure, which was already considered
     Committee took into account wider workforce remuneration and related         best in class.
     policies, to ensure that incentives and rewards were aligned with wider
     Group remuneration principles and with Group culture and sought              Quality
     feedback from major shareholders and their representative bodies as          A number of questions concerned customer service and quality
     part of the annual consultation.                                             following wider sector reputational issues.
     At the Company’s AGM – both before, during and after the meeting;            Customers, in respect of both quality and service, were at the heart of
     Directors actively engage with shareholders who have attended.               our strategy, decision-making and actions when we announced our
     In addition, there are a series of ‘roadshows’ following the                 customer-focused strategy in 2018, at our capital markets day. In 2019,
     announcement of the Group’s Full Year and Half Year results.                 we introduced operational KPIs which focus specifically on customer
     All Directors receive formal reports and briefings during the year about     and build quality, including those not before disclosed by the sector,
     the Company’s investor relations programme and consider detailed             such as the nine-month customer survey and the NHBC Construction
     feedback through surveys; direct contact; and also other means, which        Quality Review score, and explained why they are important.
     are taken into account when considering major strategic and
     operational alternatives open to the Company.
     The Company is, of course, also always very pleased to hear from and
     engage with our private shareholders and has, for example, hosted the
     United Kingdom Shareholders Association at our Chobham Manor
     development in November 2019. Individual shareholders were able to
     meet with Regional management for a presentation and Q&A, which
     was followed by a tour of the development.




80       Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
                                                    Our communities




                                                                                                                                                             Governance

Environment, Social and Governance (ESG)            Engagement with communities in                     The Board receives feedback from
ESG is gaining increasing focus from investors,     which the Company operates and                     presentations in the areas of customer
evident from letters from major shareholders and    consideration of their interests                   focus; procurement; how sustainability best
in our materiality assessment responses.                                                               practice supports the Group’s business
                                                    We actively seek the views of local                strategy; and the identification of areas
Taylor Wimpey has always had a focus on             communities and develop a tailored                 where further developments can be made
sustainability and our social impact. We have       planning and community engagement                  in placemaking and sourcing of sustainable
produced a separate Sustainability Report for       strategy for each development site, working        materials. This feedback informs the
many years and sustainability metrics have been     closely with communities and other local           Board’s thinking in developing and
integrated into our Annual Report and               stakeholders throughout all aspects of the         implementing the strategy, for instance,
presentations. They also feature in targets for     planning process. This feeds into Board            through the incorporation of disabled
performance-related remuneration. The roll-out      discussion of future development plans             access for customers and visitors in house
of our environmental strategy is a focus for 2020   when considering strategic direction and           types and for employees in offices and work
which will formalise the work we have ongoing in    progress, and when considering major               situations, including on site, to try and
the business and go further in committing to        capital expenditure proposals referred to          ensure the widest possible availability of the
more ambitious targets in key areas such as         the Board including on land purchase.              product to customers and visitors and
biodiversity and continuing to reduce our carbon    A key element of the Company’s strategy            advancement opportunities for employees.
footprint. We also plan to develop with The         is a renewed focus on placemaking and
Carbon Trust a science-based carbon reduction       community when developing new sites                Health and safety
target by the end of 2020.                          and this involves interacting with all key         The health and safety of our employees;
Remuneration                                        stakeholders when designing, building,             customers; suppliers; subcontractors;
                                                    and marketing, new housing developments            and all visitors to our businesses and
The Chair of the Remuneration Committee wrote       and taking their views fully into account.
to 14 of the Company’s major shareholders, and                                                         development sites, continues to be a
three key shareholder bodies, setting out the       We also support communities, both locally          non-negotiable top priority for the
Company’s proposed new Remuneration Policy          and nationally, through our charitable work,       Company. The Board receives reports on
which is being proposed to the 2020 AGM as          including financially and giving time, energy      health, safety and environmental matters, at
Resolution 20 (see page 193). More details,         and leadership to support local efforts.           Group level and for each operating division
together with feedback on the responses,                                                               at each Board meeting. There is a detailed
                                                    The introduction of defibrillators on sites
appear in the Remuneration Report on                                                                   review at each Board meeting, as the first
                                                    and in permanent offices was considered in
page 118.                                                                                              substantive item on the agenda, of health,
                                                    the wider context of customers; visitors;
                                                                                                       safety and environmental issues in relation
                                                    and placemaking in housing developments;
                                                                                                       to employees; customers; visitors; and the
Annual general meeting                              and a decision was made that they would
                                                                                                       impact of the business on the environment
The Board encourages all shareholders to vote       be handed over to the community when the
                                                                                                       and sustainable development. The Head of
at the AGM, which is attended by all Directors.     relevant development had been completed.
                                                                                                       HSE attends each Group Operation Team
The Notice of Meeting, including details of all     It also informed a decision to initially install
                                                                                                       meeting and also attends the Board on an
resolutions to be proposed at the meeting, is set   them in a way that would facilitate this
                                                                                                       annual basis to present on key HSE issues,
out on pages 192 to 198.                            handover at the appropriate time.
                                                                                                       initiatives, trends and statistics.
                                                    Consideration was given to the possible
    More details are set out on pages 40 to 41      impact of the Company’s business                       More details are set out on pages 42
                                                    operations on the environment in relation to           to 43 and in the Sustainability Report
                                                    areas such as the netting of hedgerows                 for 2019
                                                    and trees.
                                                                                                       ​
                                                    The Board and the Group Management
                                                    Team considered the sustainability and
                                                    environmental impact in relation to the
                                                    development of a revised range of house
                                                    types, to take into account and help
                                                    to address energy efficiency and
                                                    sustainability in the materials and
                                                    production techniques used.




www.taylorwimpey.co.uk                                                                                                                                 81
Division of Responsibilities
There is a clear and effective division of responsibilities between the Board and operating management
which is a key foundation of the Company’s strong governance.


The Chair leads the Board and is responsible            Ensuring there is no conflict of interest               Board of directors
for its overall effectiveness in directing the          In order to assist Directors in complying with          A successful company is led by an effective and
Company. He demonstrates objective                      their duty to avoid conflicts (or possible conflicts)   entrepreneurial board, whose role is to promote
judgement and promotes a culture of openness            of interest, it is standard procedure that the          the long term sustainable success of the
and debate. In addition, the Chair facilitates          Board must first give its clearance to such             company, generating value for shareholders and
constructive Board relations and the effective          potential conflicts of interest (which would            contributing to wider society.
contribution of all Non Executive Directors, and        include directorships or other interests in outside
ensures that Directors receive accurate, timely                                                                 The board should establish the company’s
                                                        companies and organisations) following which,
and clear information. The Board includes an                                                                    purpose, values and strategy, and satisfy
                                                        an entry is then made in the statutory register
appropriate combination of executive and non                                                                    itself that these and its culture are aligned. All
                                                        which the Company maintains for this purpose.
executive (and, in particular, independent non                                                                  directors must act with integrity, lead by example
executive) Directors, such that no one individual       Whenever any Director considers that he or she          and promote the desired culture. The board
or small group of individuals dominates the             is, or may be, interested in any contract or            should ensure that the necessary resources are
Board’s decision-making. There is a clear               arrangement to which the Company is or may              in place for the company to meet its objectives
division of responsibilities between the leadership     be a party, the Director gives due notice to the        and measure performance against them.
of the Board and the executive leadership of the        Board in accordance with the Companies Act              The board should also establish a framework
Company’s business. Non Executive Directors             2006 and the Company’s Articles of Association.         of prudent and effective controls, which enable
have sufficient time to meet their Board                In such cases, unless allowed by the Articles,          risk to be assessed and managed. In order for
responsibilities. They provide constructive             any Director with such an interest is not permitted     the company to meet its responsibilities to
challenge, strategic guidance, offer specialist         to participate in any discussions or decisions          shareholders and stakeholders, the board
advice and hold management to account. The              relating to the contract or arrangement.                should ensure effective engagement with, and
Board, supported by the Company Secretary,              The Board undertakes a regular review of each           encourage participation from, these parties.
ensures that it has the policies, processes,            Director’s interests, if any, outside the Company.      The board should ensure that workforce policies
information, time and resources it needs in order       In addition, all proposed new appointments and          and practices are consistent with the company’s
to function effectively and efficiently.                interests of Directors are cleared in advance with      values and support its long term sustainable
                                                        the Board, which considers the impact on the            success. The workforce should be able to raise
The Board has an established framework of                                                                       any matters of concern.
delegated financial, commercial and operational         time commitments of the Director concerned.
authorities, which define the scope and powers of       Following these reviews, the Board remains              As explained on page 63 Kate Barker, Non
the Chief Executive and of operational management.      satisfied that, in line with the Code, all Directors    Executive Director and the Senior Independent
                                                        are able to allocate sufficient time to the             Director, has agreed to remain on the Board
In line with the Code, the roles and responsibilities   Company to enable them to discharge their               (subject to Shareholder approval) beyond her
of the Chair and the Chief Executive have been          responsibilities as Directors effectively and that      nine year anniversary date, in order to help
clearly defined, set out in writing and signed by       any current external appointments do not detract        facilitate, and provide greater continuity during,
Kevin Beeston and Pete Redfern in their                 from the extent or quality of time which the            the post-handover period of the Chair from Kevin
respective capacities.                                  Director is able to devote to the Company. This         Beeston to Irene Dorner.
During 2020, the roles and responsibilities             is further borne out by Directors’ attendance at
document will be reviewed and updated as                Board and Committee meetings, which has
required following Irene Dorner becoming Chair          been at or very close to 100% over many years.
on 26 February 2020.




82      Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
                                                                                                                                                                    Governance
Role of the Directors
Whilst all Directors share collective responsibility for the activities of the Board, some Directors’ roles have been defined in more detail as Governance
considerations have developed over time, as follows:

Chair
–– Ensuring high standards of corporate              –– Encouraging constructive challenge and              –– Ensuring appropriate induction
   governance and setting the cultural tone from        facilitating effective communication                   and development programmes for
   the top.                                             between Directors.                                     individual Directors.
–– Building a well-balanced and highly               –– Ensuring the effectiveness of the Board and         –– Agreeing the Chief Executive’s personal
   effective Board.                                     enabling an annual review of its effectiveness.        objectives.
–– Chairing Board meetings and setting               –– Engaging individually with Directors as required.   –– Ensuring there is effective two-way
   Board agendas.                                                                                              communication and debate with shareholders.
–– Promoting effective Board relationships.                                                                 –– Maintaining an appropriate balance between
                                                                                                               the interests of stakeholders.

Chief Executive
–– Developing and implementing Group                 –– Managing the Group’s risk profile and               –– Maintaining relationships with investors and
   strategy.                                            establishing effective internal controls.              advising the Board accordingly.
–– Recommending the strategic plan and               –– Regularly reviewing the organisational              –– Setting the culture at the top, particularly with
   related annual budget.                               structure; developing the Executive Team;              regard to compliance and sustainability.
–– Ensuring coherent leadership of the Group.           and planning for succession.                        –– Day to day running of the business.
                                                     –– Ensuring the Chair and the Board are kept
                                                        advised and updated regarding key matters.

Group Finance Director
–– Operational responsibility for managing the       –– Overseeing the commercial, information              –– In conjunction with the Group Management
   Company’s financial affairs, including treasury      technology and pension departments.                    Team, overseeing the Company’s risk profile.
   and tax matters.

Group Operations Director
–– Operational responsibility for managing the       –– Overseeing the supply chain and logistics           –– Agreeing the Group’s annual budget
   Company’s development process, from land             support for operations.                                proposal from an operational standpoint,
   acquisition, through planning applications,       –– In conjunction with the Group Management               prior to formal agreement with the Group
   design and production, to sale of the completed      Team, overseeing the Company’s risk profile.           Finance Director, the Chief Executive and
   product and customer service matters.                                                                       then the Board.

Senior Independent Director
–– Acting as a sounding board for the Chair on       –– Acting as an intermediary for other Directors,      –– Leading the search for a new Chair, when
   Board-related matters.                               when necessary.                                        necessary.
–– Chairing meetings in the absence of the Chair.    –– Leading the evaluation of the Chair’s               –– Being available to shareholders who wish to
                                                        performance.                                           discuss matters which cannot be resolved
                                                                                                               otherwise.

Non Executive Directors
–– Providing effective and constructive challenge    –– Assisting in development and approval               –– Providing advice to Management and sharing
   to Management.                                       of strategy.                                           their experience and wisdom.
                                                     –– Serving on Board Committees.                        –– Keeping abreast of shareholders’ views.

In addition to the foregoing, the Company Secretary fulfils a key role in relation to the Board and its Directors:

Company Secretary
–– Advising the Board on matters of corporate        –– Providing support to the Chair and                  –– Keeping abreast of shareholders’ views.
   governance, compliance and on legal issues.          Non Executive Directors.                            –– Overseeing the Company Secretariat and the
–– Responsible for all legal and compliance          –– Ensuring effective support to the Board                Legal Department.
   matters relating to the Group.                       and its meetings and agendas to enable
                                                        efficient process.


Read more about individual Directors’ skill sets on pages 66-67 and 196-197
www.taylorwimpey.co.uk                                                                                                                                        83
Division of Responsibilities continued




How we are governed


     The Board


     –– Provides strategic and entrepreneurial leadership within a
        framework of strong governance and effective controls.
     –– Is responsible for the Company’s culture and for defining and
        setting its values and standards.
     –– Establishes the Group’s risk appetite and oversees processes
        designed to ensure compliance therewith.
     –– Defines which matters are reserved for decision of the Board,
        including profit expectations and dividend policy.
     –– Reviews the Whistleblowing Policy and associated investigations
        and outcomes.
     –– Ensures effective engagement with shareholders.




84       Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
                                                                                                                                                               Governance
Board Committees


Audit Committee                                   Nomination Committee                                  Remuneration Committee
–– Reviews and advises the Board on               –– Reviews the balance, diversity,                    –– Advises the Board on remuneration policy
   proposed Full Year and Half Year reporting        independence and effectiveness of                     at Board and senior management level.
   and announcements connected therewith.            the Board.                                         –– Ensures that remuneration is geared to the
–– Undertakes a detailed half yearly review of    –– Oversees the selection, interview and                 enhancement of shareholder value.
   the Group’s risk assessment and                   appointment of new Directors to                    –– Ensures that targets are appropriate and
   mitigation processes and outcomes, and            the Board.                                            are geared to delivering the strategy whilst
   advises the Board on its annual risk review.   –– Reviews succession and contingency                    appropriately limiting risk-taking and
–– Oversees the relationship with the                planning for the Board and across                     reflecting ESG considerations.
   external auditor.                                 the Group’s senior positions and                   –– Ensures that rewards for achieving or
–– Oversees the reporting of internal                related training, development and                     exceeding agreed targets are not excessive.
   audit investigations and reviews                  talent management.                                 –– Promotes the increasing alignment of
   the implementation of changes                  –– Reviews, sets targets for, and drives                 executive and wider employee interests
   resulting therefrom.                              the strategy and progress to further                  with those of shareholders and with the
                                                     improve diversity and inclusivity throughout          Company’s culture by encouraging
–– Monitors continuous improvement in
                                                     the Group.                                            appropriate share plan participation and
   information technology security; data
   protection; and resilience to ‘hacking’                                                                 setting executive shareholding guidelines
   and cyber attacks.                                 Read more about this Committee                       including post-employment.
                                                      on pages 86 to 97                                 –– Reviews workforce remuneration and
     Read more about this Committee                                                                        related policies and the alignment of
     on pages 98 to 105                                                                                    incentives with culture, taking these into
                                                                                                           account when setting the policy for
                                                                                                           Executive Director remuneration.

                                                                                                            Read more about this Committee
                                                                                                            on pages 106 to 131




Humphrey Singer                                    Kevin Beeston              Irene Dorner                Gwyn Burr
Chair of the Audit Committee                       Chair of the               Chair of the                Chair of the Remuneration Committee
                                                   Nomination Committee       Nomination Committee
                                                   (to 26 February 2020)      (from 26 February 2020)




www.taylorwimpey.co.uk                                                                                                                                   85
Composition, Succession
and Evaluation
Nomination Committee report
                                                       The primary objectives of the Committee are to       Further details of Irene’s experience and the
                                                       support the Board in its responsibility to ensure:   skills she brings to the Board appear in her
                                                                                                            biography on page 66.
                                                       –– Formal, rigorous and transparent processes
                                                          are in place for appointing new Directors to      Robert Noel also joined the Board as an
                                                          the Board and proposed appointees to senior       Independent Non Executive Director on 1 October
                                                          management positions.                             2019. Robert is a chartered surveyor and has over
                                                       –– Effective, deliberate and well thought through    30 years of relevant experience in the property
                                                          succession planning and contingency               sector. On appointment, Robert became a
                                                          planning processes are in place across the        member of the Audit and Nomination Committees.
                                                          Group for all key positions.                      More details about Robert’s experience and skills
                                                                                                            appear in his biography on page 67.
                                                       During 2019 and the first part of 2020 the
 Kevin Beeston                                         Committee oversaw a number of significant            As already reported on page 62, James Jordan
 Chair of the Nomination Committee                     changes to the Board. As reported in the 2018        stood down as Group Legal Director and
                                                       Annual Report and Accounts, in accordance with       Company Secretary on 31 December 2019.
                                                       the 2018 UK Corporate Governance Code’s              The Board is extremely grateful for James’
                                                       (the Code) provisions on Chair tenure, I will step   outstanding commitment, dedicated service
Dear Shareholder
                                                       down as Chair of the Board on 26 February 2020.      and wise counsel over his 17 years’ service.
As Chair of the Nomination Committee, I am                                                                  On 4 November 2019, Alice Marsden joined the
                                                       The Committee, led by Kate Barker in her
pleased to report on the ongoing objectives and                                                             Company as Group General Counsel and
                                                       capacity as Senior Independent Director,
responsibilities of the Committee, the work that                                                            Company Secretary. Alice brings a wealth
                                                       led the search for my successor, along with the
has been carried out during 2019 and the plans                                                              of corporate governance knowledge and
                                                       executive search consultants, Spencer Stuart.
for 2020.                                                                                                   experience to the Group Management Team
                                                       On 1 December 2019, the Board welcomed Irene
The Nomination Committee performs an                   Dorner as Chair-designate and an Independent         and as Secretary to the Board. More information
important role for the Company and takes               Non Executive Director. Irene has brought over       about Alice appears in her biography on page 67.
its responsibilities seriously, as demonstrated        30 years’ executive and non executive experience,    On the subject of succession, guidance issued
by the fact that in addition to myself, all of the     strong leadership skills and commercial              by the Financial Reporting Council (FRC) is that
Non Executive Directors are members of                 experience to the Board. Irene will also serve on    Nomination Committees should look deeper into
this Committee.                                        the Nomination Committee, which she will chair in    the Company to identify future leaders; adopt a
                                                       due course, and the Remuneration Committee.          wider outlook in identifying potential Directors;
                                                                                                            and look further ahead than any immediate
                                                                                                            requirement to replace an individual Director.


  Nomination Committee summary

  The Committee is chaired by the Chair of the         Main objective                                       –– Reviewed contingency and longer term
  Board and is composed of a majority of               –– To ensure a formal, rigorous and transparent         succession planning for all senior roles
  Independent Non Executive Directors as                  process is undertaken for the appointment            across the business.
  required by the Code.                                   and removal of Directors to or from the           –– Further progressed the diversity and
                                            Meetings
                                                          Board, its Committees and other senior roles         inclusivity agenda across the business,
  Committee members                         attended
                                                          and, in conjunction with the Board, to ensure        including partnering initiatives with selected
  Kevin Beeston (Chair)                          2/2                                                           third parties.
                                                          effective diversity initiatives and succession
  Irene Dorner(a)                                0/0      planning processes are in place across            –– Monitored action to further deepen, where
  Kate Barker                                    2/2      the Group.                                           necessary, succession planning in the
  Gwyn Burr                                      2/2                                                           Finance function of the business.
  Angela Knight                                  2/2   2019 performance
  Humphrey Singer                                2/2   –– Oversaw the selection and appointment of          2020 objectives
  Robert Noel(b)                                 1/1      the new Chair of the Board and the standing       –– To further progress the diversity and
                                                          down of an Executive Director from the Board.        inclusivity agenda across the business and
  (a) Appointed to the Committee on 1 December 2019.                                                           ensure the progress made continues to be
  (b) Appointed to the Committee on 1 October 2019.    –– Oversaw the selection and appointment of a
                                                          new Independent Non Executive Director to            embedded within our culture.
                                                          the Board.                                        –– To continue to review and enhance
                                                       –– Led further development of the Board and             succession planning processes at both the
                                                          Board Committee succession planning.                 Board level and across the Group.​


86      Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
The Committee adheres to this guidance                 including the ‘Beyond One by 21’ report and             The key priorities of the Committee



                                                                                                                                                                      Governance
through the continuing development of the              recommendations launched in 2016 by Sir John            continue to be:
Company’s regional Talent Management Boards            Parker, which seeks to increase ethnic diversity        –– To regularly review the Board’s composition;
which identify future talent and ensure that           on UK boards. Diversity and inclusivity remain             balance; diversity; experience and skill sets;
appropriate training and development plans are         firmly on the Taylor Wimpey agenda with                    and individual Directors’ time commitment.
in place for those individuals, whether in the         monitoring and regular reporting taking place,
                                                                                                               –– To regularly review our succession and
short or longer term pipeline, with the potential      including a specific annual update and
                                                                                                                  contingency planning across the business and
to be Directors or progress to other levels of         discussion with the Board. Whilst we continue to
                                                                                                                  to ensure individuals’ careers are supported
senior management. The Committee has also              make progress, we do recognise that there is
                                                                                                                  by their professional development.
focused on ensuring that individual Directors,         still further work to be done in order to achieve
                                                                                                               –– To drive the Company’s diversity and
and the Board as a whole, have the necessary           our own diversity and inclusivity strategy and to
                                                                                                                  inclusivity agenda at all levels of the business.
experience and skills; and identifying whether         support the Government recommendations.
there are any particular skills gaps, in order to                                                              –– To ensure the Group continues to have the
                                                       The Company also strongly supports the                     necessary level of Board and senior management
support the Company’s medium and longer
                                                       Government’s initiative on gender pay gap                  skills and leadership to deliver our strategy.
term strategic direction and the Board’s ability to
                                                       reporting and the Committee has overseen
oversee its effective delivery. More details are set                                                           The Committee’s objectives, the strategy for
                                                       the publication of the Company’s third
out on pages 89 and 90.                                                                                        delivering them, progress made towards them
                                                       Gender Pay Gap Report. This can be
The Committee welcomes the Hampton-                    found on the Company’s website at:                      during 2019 and targets and plans for 2020 are
Alexander Review which seeks to improve Board          www.taylorwimpey.co.uk                                  described in more detail in this Report.
and senior leadership diversity across FTSE 350                                                                The Committee will continue to ensure that the
                                                       The Committee’s progress and achievements
companies. As at 31 December 2019, the                                                                         present and future composition of the Board and
                                                       during 2019 and its plans for 2020 are set out
Company had five women on its Board (50%)                                                                      the Group’s executive management are appropriate
                                                       on page 86.
and eight women (50%) in roles across the                                                                      to deliver the Group’s strategy and that all
combined Board and Group Management                    Following the publication of the Code,                  applicable Code requirements continue to be met.
Team. In 2019, the Hampton-Alexander Review            the Committee has taken the opportunity to
again recognised Taylor Wimpey’s performance           conduct a thorough review of its Terms of
as above average for the sector. Further               Reference and has updated them to ensure
progress will be made in 2020.                         that they are in line with the Code and reflect
                                                       best practice. The Terms of Reference can
The Committee and the Board also take into
                                                       be found on the Company’s website at:
account wider diversity, including race, age,
                                                       www.taylorwimpey.co.uk/corporate                        Kevin Beeston
religion and experience. We fully support the
various Government initiatives in this area,                                                                   Chair of the Nomination Committee

                                                                                                               25 February 2020




Committee activities during 2019
The Committee meets formally at least twice per year and otherwise as circumstances require.

May 2019                                                                                                       October 2019


–– Reviewed succession and contingency planning        –– Reviewed progress and plans for developing talent.   –– Received an update on progress of
   processes and current and future plans for:         –– Received an update on the talent processes in           Group succession planning and related
   –– The Board                                           place across the business.                              development plans.
   –– The Non Executive Directors                      –– Received an update on the progress of the            –– Received an update on succession and
   –– Board Committees                                    recruitment process for the new Chair of the            contingency planning for the Board and key
                                                          Board and a new Non Executive Director.                 executives below Board level.
   –– The executive levels immediately below
      the Board                                        –– Discussed the potential candidates for the roles     –– Received an update on the progression of
                                                          of Chair and Independent Non Executive                  key executives below Board level.
   –– Other key roles within the business.
                                                          Director, and reported progress made to
                                                          the Board.
                                                       –– Reviewed progress on diversity across the
                                                          business and noted the requirement of the
                                                          Sir John Parker Review to have at least one
                                                          Director of colour by 2021.



www.taylorwimpey.co.uk                                                                                                                                         87
Composition, Succession and Evaluation continued




     Candidate                                 Committee purposes and                                The Board and its Committees have a
     selection process                         responsibilities                                      combination of skills, experience and knowledge.
                                                                                                     The Committee considers the length of service
                                               The Committee has procedures in place with regard
                                                                                                     of the Board as a whole and membership has
        External advice                        to maintaining a formal, rigorous and transparent
                                                                                                     been regularly refreshed as considered
        The engagement of independent          process for Board appointments, which ensures
                                                                                                     appropriate. The annual evaluation of the Board
        recruitment consultants who            that appointments to the Board are made on
                                                                                                     considers its composition, diversity and how
        have no other connection to            merit and assessed against objective criteria.
                                                                                                     effectively members work together to achieve
        the Company                            The Committee guides the Board in regularly
                                                                                                     objectives. More information on the Board
                                               assessing whether there is an appropriate
                                                                                                     evaluation is available on pages 92 and 93.
                                               balance of expertise and skills on the Board and
                                                                                                     Individual evaluations also demonstrate that
                                               on other diversity considerations. The Committee
        Consider                                                                                     each Director continues to contribute effectively
                                               welcomed the Hampton-Alexander Review
        The preparation of a ‘long list’                                                             to the Board as a whole.
                                               which set the target of 33% of women at Board
        of potential candidates which          level and those reporting directly to the executive   During 2019, Irene Dorner and Robert Noel
        takes into account the outcome         committee (the Group Management Team) by              were appointed to the Board as Independent
        of the Committee’s latest review       2020. As reported on page 91, as at the date of       Non Executive Director and Chair-designate,
        of the composition and skill sets      this report, we are meeting these targets.            and Independent Non Executive Director
        of the Board                                                                                 respectively. The Committee followed the
                                               The Committee oversees and advises the Board
                                                                                                     typical candidate selection process, as set
                                               on the identification, assessment and selection
                                                                                                     out on the left.
                                               of candidates for appointment to the Board.
        Select short list                      A description of how appointments are typically       The Committee, led by Kate Barker in her capacity
        The selection of a ‘short list’        made from outside the Company to the Board is         as Senior Independent Director, initiated the
        of suitable candidates meeting         set out on the left.                                  recruitment process for a successor to the role
        the Committee’s criteria                                                                     of Chair of the Board and the executive search
                                               The Committee also guides the Board in assessing
                                                                                                     consultants, Spencer Stuart, undertook the
                                               whether the Board has the correct balance of
                                                                                                     search. The Committee, led by Kevin Beeston,
                                               expertise and in arranging orderly succession
        Interviews and meetings                                                                      also initiated the recruitment process for an
                                               planning for appointments to the Board and in
                                                                                                     additional Independent Non Executive Director
        Interviews and meetings with           respect of senior management positions across
                                                                                                     and the executive search consultants, Russell
        the Chair, Chief Executive,            the business. This encompasses not only the
                                                                                                     Reynolds, undertook this search.
        other Executive Directors,             immediate succession planning for Directors
        and with each Independent              but also a deeper review into the Company’s           Following the searches conducted by Spencer
        Non Executive Director                 management structure to identify those with           Stuart and Russell Reynolds, a ‘long list’ of
                                               longer term potential to develop into future          candidates were considered by the Committee.
                                               successors in the medium to long term. The            Both external search consultants were instructed
                                               Committee also reviews Board composition in           to ensure that there was an appropriate level
        Select candidate
                                               light of the Company’s strategy, to ensure as far     of diversity in the long list. This resulted in the
                                               as possible that new appointments help support        selection of a ‘short list’ of potential candidates
                                               the drive to achieve its strategic objectives and     who met the Committee’s criteria in terms
        Take up references                     bring the required skill sets.                        of the skills and expertise they could bring to
                                                                                                     the Board. Interviews and meetings were then
                                               Board appointments                                    held with the Chair, Chief Executive, other
        Appointment                                                                                  Executive Directors and each Independent
                                               Appointments to the Board are subject to
                                                                                                     Non Executive Director and the final candidates
                                               formal, rigorous and transparent procedures,
                                                                                                     were selected.
                                               and the Committee maintains an effective
        Induction                              succession plan for both the Board members            It has been confirmed that neither Spencer Stuart
                                               and senior management. Appointments and               nor Russell Reynolds have any other connection
                                               succession plans are based on merit and               with the Company or individual Directors.
                                               objective criteria and, within this context,
                                               promote diversity of gender, social and ethnic
                                               backgrounds, and cognitive and personal strengths.




88     Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
Relevant skills and expertise                         Pete Redfern, Chief Executive, has significant       Angela Knight, Independent Non Executive



                                                                                                                                                               Governance
The Committee has reviewed the appropriate            financial, operational and management                Director, has significant senior-level experience
balance of skills, experience, independence and       experience, gained from his various roles in         in both the public and private sectors. In the
knowledge of the Company of the Board to              industry and from his time at KPMG. In 2014 he       public sector, she was a Member of Parliament
enable its duties and responsibilities to be          joined the Board of Travis Perkins plc as an         from 1992 until 1997, including two years as the
discharged effectively. This review was utilised in   independent non executive director and serves        Economic Secretary at HM Treasury, and was
drawing up the recruitment framework, including       on their remuneration, employee voice, and Stay      Chair of the Office of Tax Simplification in
the list of desired skills, in the recruitment        Safe committees (chairing the latter).               HM Treasury until the end of February 2019.
process for the appointment of a new                                                                       In the private sector, she has significant
                                                      Chris Carney, Group Finance Director, has
Independent Non Executive Director and                                                                     experience as a non executive director
                                                      financial, treasury, risk and financial control
Chair-designate in December 2019 and a new                                                                 including as the senior independent director
                                                      expertise including that gained from his time with
Independent Non Executive Director in October                                                              of quoted companies.
                                                      Associated British Foods plc and in private
2019. The relevant skills and expertise of the        practice with Deloitte; and later in various roles   Robert Noel, Independent Non Executive
Board were also considered by the Committee           within the Company’s Finance Department. He          Director, is a chartered surveyor with over
in the decision that the Company Secretary            also has significant operational and transactional   30 years’ experience in the property sector,
should no longer also be a Director with effect       experience from his previous roles with the          including from 2012 to date as CEO of Land
from the end of 2019. The Committee considers         Company as successively Regional Managing            Securities Group PLC and previously as Property
whether each Director brings relevant and             Director, Divisional Managing Director, and          Director of Great Portland Estates plc. In
complementary skills, experience and background       Divisional Chair within the Company’s UK             addition, Robert was also previously the
to the Board, details of which are set out on this    housebuilding operation.                             President of The British Property Federation.
page, and additional information is also set out in
                                                      Jennie Daly, Group Operations Director, has          Humphrey Singer, Independent
the biographies on pages 66 to 67.
                                                      considerable experience in the UK housebuilding      Non Executive Director, has a wealth of
Kevin Beeston, Chair, has a wealth of                 industry gained from her time with Westbury plc,     financial experience from his role as Chief
commercial, financial and senior-level                Harrow Estates Plc, and Redrow plc, and her          Financial Officer at Belron Group, and his
management experience including being a               previous roles with the Company as successively      previous role as Chief Finance Officer of Marks
former CEO of a FTSE 100 company. Kevin also          UK Planning Director and UK Land Director.           and Spencer Group plc. In addition, Humphrey
has significant experience of chairing boards of                                                           has expertise in the areas of both digital
                                                      Kate Barker, Independent Non Executive
both public and private companies and of being                                                             solutions and customer services which is a
                                                      Director and the Senior Independent
a non executive director and sitting on audit,                                                             useful skill set for the Board and the Company.
                                                      Director, is an industry-recognised economist
nomination and remuneration committees.                                                                    He has recent and relevant financial experience
                                                      and has led policy reviews for the Government in
Irene Dorner, Independent Non Executive                                                                    as required by the Code in connection with his
                                                      the areas of land use, planning and housing
Director and Chair-designate, has over                                                                     chairing of the Audit Committee.
                                                      supply. Kate also brings a wider economic insight
30 years of commercial, financial and senior-level    gained through her various roles, including as a
executive experience, principally acquired as         Member of the Oversight Board of the Office for
CEO of HSBC Malaysia, and CEO and President           Budget Responsibility as well as experience from
of HSBC in the United States, and as Group            her other non executive positions.
Managing Director of HSBC Holdings. Irene has
                                                      Gwyn Burr, Independent Non Executive
significant experience of chairing boards of both
                                                      Director, has over 25 years’ executive
public and private companies and of being a non
                                                      experience, principally in customer service in the
executive director and sitting on audit,
                                                      retail sector, which included the roles of
nomination and remuneration committees.
                                                      Customer Director and Customer Service and
                                                      Colleague Director from 2005 to 2013 at
                                                      J Sainsbury plc. Gwyn also has significant
                                                      experience on several boards as a non executive
                                                      director and chair of remuneration committees.




www.taylorwimpey.co.uk                                                                                                                                  89
Composition, Succession and Evaluation continued




Board and Committee balance,                         The Code requires at least half of the Board,         For newly appointed Non Executive Directors,
diversity, independence and                          excluding the Chair, to consist of Independent        the induction includes meetings with key
effectiveness                                        Non Executive Directors. The Committee                members of senior management and Function
                                                     considers that the balance of the Board, consisting   heads from across the business, external
The Nomination Committee supports the Chair          of a Chair, three Executive Directors and five        advisers and site visits. Further information on
of the Board in their role to ensure that the        Independent Non Executive Directors (reducing         the induction that Irene Dorner and Robert Noel
Board is conducted so as to allow the                to four Independent Non Executive Directors           received following their appointment to the
Independent Non Executive Directors to               during 2020) will continue to provide the right       Board during 2019 can be found on page 65.
challenge the Executive Directors constructively     blend of experience, expertise and challenge in       These programmes for Directors were
whilst, at the same time, also supporting them to    order to take the Company forward in line with        reviewed during the year and are considered
implement the strategy and run the business          the strategy, whilst ensuring and maintaining         to remain appropriate.
effectively. This is achieved by the Committee       good governance and best practice. This will be
ensuring that the Board has the right balance of     kept under regular review in line with the            Board succession and contingency
skills, independence and knowledge, and this is      guidance set out in the Code.
something that is kept under regular review.
                                                                                                           planning
                                                     This balance also ensures that there is an            As stated on pages 86 and 88, there were a
It is the Company’s policy, in line with the Code,   effective balance of guidance, support and            number of changes to the Board during 2019.
that proposed appointments to the Board, and         constructive challenge to the Executives. It is       The Committee considered the constitution
succession planning, are based on merit, and         considered that this will continue to be the case     and performance of the Board and its
judged against objective criteria, whilst also       during 2020.                                          Committees and concluded that they
having due regard to the benefits of diversity and
                                                     The Committee will keep the balance and               continue to function effectively.
inclusiveness, including in the areas of gender,
age, disability, ethnicity and experience.           composition of the Board under regular review,        In 2018, the Committee noted the requirement
                                                     and will take into account the recommendations        of the Code that a chair of the board should not
As previously mentioned, the Committee               of the above mentioned Hampton-Alexander              normally serve for longer than nine years, subject
continues to recognise its responsibility to         Review and also the Parker Review and its             to a limited extension to facilitate effective
comply with the recommendations of the               report on increasing the ethnic diversity             succession planning. Following this requirement,
Hampton-Alexander Review. At the start of            of boards.                                            the Committee completed an extensive search
2019, four out of nine Taylor Wimpey Board
                                                                                                           and recruitment process and the appointment
members were women (44%), this increased to
                                                     Induction                                             of Irene Dorner as Chair of the Board from
five out of ten (50%) on 31 December 2019, and
                                                     The importance of induction and training              26 February 2020 ensures we remain compliant.
further increased to five out of nine (56%)
following Kevin Beeston stepping down from the       is recognised by the Committee and so                 During 2019, the Committee has considered the
Board on 26 February 2020. The proportion of         the Company has established procedures                short and long term succession plans for all
women on the Group Management Team (our              whereby newly appointed Directors, including          Board members and key members of senior
equivalent of an Executive Committee) and their      Non Executive Directors, receive a formal             management, together with appropriate
direct reports, are set out on page 91.              induction. This includes training and continuing      development plans. In doing so, the Committee
                                                     familiarisation with the Company’s business,          has reviewed the talent pipelines available for
                                                     strategy, operations (including health and safety)    these roles as well as our talent development
                                                     and systems, the principles underlying the            and targeted training programmes.
                                                     discharge of their duties as a Director, and wider
                                                     issues relating to the housing sector.




                                                                   Enhancing our succession
                                                                   planning process in 2019
                                                                   Succession planning for people at all levels of the
                                                                   organisation has continued to be a key area of focus for
                                                                   the Board and the Nomination Committee. In addition to
                                                                   regular reviews of executives with leadership potential
                                                                   together with their individual development plans, senior
                                                                   management is regularly provided with access to the
                                                                   Board, including the opportunity to attend and brief Board
                                                                   meetings. This provides valuable exposure for developing
                                                                   management talent as well as assisting the Board in
                                                                   assessing the Company’s leadership strength in depth.



90      Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
As highlighted in the Committee’s 2019                 The Company also operates a Group Talent            The Committee has identified suitable individuals



                                                                                                                                                                Governance
performance on pages 86 and 87, succession             Board which is chaired by the Chief Executive and   within the Company who, either singly or
planning for employees at all levels of the            is supported by our divisional Talent Management    in concert with one another, can quickly
organisation has continued to be a key area of         Boards, comprised of senior executives together     assume a key role and provide effective
focus for the Committee. With a view to                with HR representatives. These Boards regularly     support until the individual returns to work,
identifying key prospects and tailoring training       review succession planning and related              or in appropriate cases, a successor can be
and development plans to allow individuals to          development and training requirements across        identified and appointed.
demonstrate their potential for future                 the Company. Actions to support succession
progression, the Committee appreciates having          planning across the Company include the
visibility of a wide range of employees with           development of career paths linked to
leadership potential, together with their individual   experience, exposure and education; an
development plans. Furthermore, management             assessment and development centre; and the
below Board level is provided with access to           promotion of the Company’s mentoring scheme.
the Board, including the opportunity to attend
                                                       Contingency planning concerns the Company’s
Board meetings from time to time and other
                                                       and the Board’s preparedness for and
Board-related functions in order to give
                                                       responsiveness to sudden and unexpected
presentations on specialist topics, project work
                                                       loss or non-availability of a Board member
and the performance of specific regional
                                                       or key members of senior management.
businesses and divisions. This provides valuable
exposure to the Board for up and coming
management as well as being extremely valuable
for the Committee in assessing the Company’s
strength in depth.




  Gender diversity

  With regard to gender, as at 31 December 2019, the diagrams below show the number of women representing each group. Please note that these
  figures take into account James Jordan’s retirement on 31 December 2019.

                                                                                                               Percentage of the workforce that are
  plc Board
                                                                                                               women
  Female

     Male
                                                  50% 50%
                                                      (2018: 44%)

                                                  50% (2018: 56%)
                                                                                                               29%
                                                                                                               2018: 31%

                                                                                                               Percentage of new starters with the
                                                                                                               Group during 2019 that are women
  Group Management Team
  (Executive Board of Taylor Wimpey UK Limited)

  Female                                       44% (2018: 30%)
                                                                                                               22%
                                                                                                               2018: 26%
     Male                                                 56% (2018: 70%)                                      While we continue to make reasonable
                                                                                                               overall progress and are committed to
                                                                                                               doing so, we of course recognise that
                                                                                                               this is a journey and we still have more
  Regional Managing Directors                                                                                  work to do in order to fulfil our overall
                                                                                                               diversity ambitions and, as stated on
  Female       12.5% (2018: 8%)                                                                                page 95, it is a priority for 2020 to
                                                                                                               achieve further progress in this area.
     Male                                                                           87.5% (2018: 92%)




www.taylorwimpey.co.uk                                                                                                                                    91
Composition, Succession and Evaluation continued




Board evaluation
A key requirement of good governance is ensuring that the Board itself
is operating effectively. The carrying out of a formal and rigorous annual
evaluation is a very important exercise and it is one which the Board
and each Director takes very seriously, whilst also recognising the focus
that our shareholders place on it.


In line with the Code, the Board conducts its           –– Presentation of the findings on the Board and     Consistent with previous exercises, the 2019
annual evaluation exercise via an independent              Board Committees to the Board in December         evaluation proved to be very useful. It again
external facilitator once every three years.               2019 on a non-attributable basis; and             provided an opportunity to reflect on the
The last such externally facilitated evaluation         –– Preparation of an action plan designed to         strengths of how we operate and where we can
was conducted for 2017 and consequently                    address the findings, discussed at the Board      improve as a Board. The Board has already
arrangements are in hand for the 2020                      in February 2020, as set out in the table         discussed the areas identified for improvement
evaluation to be externally facilitated. This will be      opposite, and to be actioned during 2020.         and will continue to focus on them during the
reported on in detail in next year’s Corporate                                                               course of 2020.
                                                        Feedback was then provided on an individual
Governance Report.
                                                        basis, by the Senior Independent Director            The main action points and recommendations
The evaluation for 2019 was internally facilitated      to the Chair (and vice versa) and through the        arising from the internally facilitated 2018 and
by the Chair in conjunction with the Company            Chair discussing each individual Director’s          2019 Board evaluation exercises, together with
Secretary. The exercise, which considered the           performance assessment with the relevant             actions taken during 2019 in relation to the
effectiveness of the Board, each Board                  Director on a one-to-one basis.                      former, and actions taken and planned during
Committee and each Director, was conducted                                                                   2020 in relation to the latter, are set out in the
                                                        The overall outcome of the 2019 evaluation
between October and November 2019 and                                                                        table opposite.
                                                        exercise was that the Board considered that it
consisted of the following:
                                                        continues to function effectively and in line with
–– A detailed and comprehensive bespoke                 first class corporate governance principles, and
   questionnaire which the Company Secretary            is providing effective leadership to the Group.
   distributed securely online to each individual
                                                        As part of the Board evaluation, the time
   Director for completion and return;
                                                        commitments of all Directors in line with the
–– Collation of the responses was undertaken by
                                                        requirements of the Code were reviewed in
   the Company Secretary on a non-attributable
                                                        detail. Following this review, the Board was
   basis;
                                                        satisfied that each Director was able to allocate
–– Review by the Chair and the Company                  sufficient time to discharge his or her
   Secretary of each performance area;                  responsibilities to the Company effectively.
–– Review by the Chair of each individual Director;     This included not only attendance at Board and
–– Review by the Senior Independent Director            applicable Committee meetings, where
   and the Company Secretary on the feedback            attendance was 100% during 2019 for all
   provided on the performance of the Chair;            Directors, but also preparation time for meetings,
–– Led by the Senior Independent Director, the          visits to our operating businesses and other
   Independent Non Executive Directors also met         additional commitments that may be required
   separately to review the Chair’s performance         from time to time.
   based on the non-attributable feedback and
   also to discuss other matters;




92      Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
                                                                                                                                                             Governance
2018 Evaluation:
Recommendations included               ​   Actions taken during the year
Maintain focus on progress in          ​   Strategy: The Board regularly reviewed during 2019 how the strategic direction is being adopted and
achieving the strategy.                    progressed across the business and will agree and monitor this progress against milestones around the
                                           interim strategic goals and priorities identified by the Group Management Team.

Make further progress on               ​   Succession planning: Action was taken to deepen the overall strength in depth of the Finance function
succession planning in the                 across the business and the Nomination Committee is being kept informed of progress.
Finance function.

Develop a faster pace of               ​   Diversity: The Board continues to monitor the progress of diversity and inclusivity matters across the
improvement on diversity and               Group. Diversity and inclusivity is included as a special topic at a Board meeting each year when the
inclusivity at all levels across           Chair of the Diversity and Inclusivity Committee attends and updates the Board on ongoing initiatives,
the Group.                                 objectives and priorities. The Board also receives regular updates on diversity and inclusivity throughout
                                           the year.

Develop improved methods of            ​   Customer-focused strategy: The Board believes that considerable progress has already been made in
monitoring progress in the strategic       this area and additional reporting is being developed to assist in driving further improvements and
aim of becoming a more customer-           monitoring their effectiveness. In addition to regular reporting, progress on our customer-focused
focused business.                          approach was included as a special topic during 2019.

Implement ideas from Non               ​   Board processes: A number of good suggestions were made, including the holding of pre-Board
Executive Directors from their other       breakfast meetings with, for example business leaders, leading industry commentators, and / or with
Board appointments with a view to          stakeholder groups. During 2019, two breakfast meetings were held and covered the topics of
enhancing the Taylor Wimpey                behavioural science and artificial intelligence.
Board processes.

2019 Evaluation:
Recommendations included               ​   Actions being or to be taken during 2020
Review and confirm the division        ​   Conduct a review of the division of responsibilities document and update as required following the
of responsibilities between the            appointment of the new Chair of the Board and Senior Independent Director. Following this review,
Chair, Chief Executive, Senior             the Matters Reserved for the Board will be reviewed in light of any changes.
Independent Director and Matters
Reserved for the Board.

Assessment of progress made on         ​   The National Employee Forum (the NEF) has been very successful since its formation in 2017. During
engagement with employees and              2020, the Board will review the NEF and consider other available options to further strengthen
focus on further progress.                 engagement with employees by the Board taking account of the extent of actions taken by our peers and
                                           across the FTSE 100.

Review agendas, timings and            ​   Conduct a full review of Board and Committee agendas and papers.
paper structure.

Non Executive Directors                ​   Hold additional Non Executive Director only meetings during the year.
only meeting.​




www.taylorwimpey.co.uk                                                                                                                                 93
Composition, Succession and Evaluation continued




Annual re-election to the Board                      The performance evaluation of the Board and its
The Code requires every Director to seek             Committees and each individual Director, as set
election or re-election, as appropriate, at each     out on pages 92 to 93, included in relation to
year’s AGM. Accordingly, at the 2020 AGM, with       their duties under Section 172 of the Companies
the exception of our Chair, Kevin Beeston, who       Act 2006, details of which are set out on pages
will have stepped down from the Board by this        76 to 81.
point, every Director, irrespective of the date of   In addition, the Board re-evaluated each
his or her appointment and the length of his or      Director’s time commitments, and was satisfied
her service on the Board, will be submitted for      that, in line with the Code, they each continued
election or re-election, as appropriate.             to allocate sufficient time to the Company in
Details of the resolutions to be proposed in this    order to discharge their responsibilities
respect and supporting biographical details of       effectively, including not only attendance at
the Directors appear in the Notice of Meeting on     Board and applicable Committee meetings but
pages 192 to 198.                                    also preparation time for meetings, visits to
                                                     businesses (including the annual Board away
As part of the 2019 Board evaluation process,        day / visit) and other additional commitments
the Board reviewed and re-affirmed that it           that may be required from time to time.
considers each of the Non Executive Directors to     Recognising the importance of the time
be independent in character and judgement and        commitment of each Director to shareholders,
that there are no relationships which could affect   this will continue to be kept under review for all
the Directors’ judgement.                            Directors during 2020, including as part of the
In line with the Code, a rigorous evaluation took    external Board evaluation process.
place with regard to Kate Barker as she will have    The Chair, at the time of his appointment on
served on the Board for nine years by the time of    1 July 2010, met the independence criteria as
the 2020 AGM. The Committee has considered           set out in the Code.
that it would be beneficial for Kate to remain a
Non Executive Director until 31 July 2020 to         The Chair-designate will, at the time of her
support Irene Dorner as she takes on her new         planned appointment on 26 February 2020,
position and responsibilities as Chair and also to   meet the independence criteria as set out in
provide additional stability in the Board            the Code.
composition. During that additional period, on
reaching the ninth anniversary of her
appointment to the Board (20 April 2020), Kate
will step down as the Company’s Senior
Independent Director and as a member
of the Audit and Remuneration Committees.
An appropriate explanation has also been made
in Resolution 8 proposing Kate’s re-election
at the AGM and in the explanatory notes
accompanying the Notice of the AGM on
page 196.




94      Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
Employee diversity and                                  By embracing diversity and inclusivity, the Board   –– Unconscious bias training – we have



                                                                                                                                                                Governance
                                                        believes the Company will better understand            introduced mandatory unconscious bias
inclusivity                                             how people’s differences and similarities can be       awareness training for all employees which is
                                                        utilised for the benefit of not only the Company       raising awareness and promoting wider
Diversity and inclusivity has continued to be a         but most importantly also for individuals, the         thinking to support our drive to be more
key item on the overall UK governance agenda            communities we work within, society as a whole,        diverse and inclusive.
during 2019. Within Taylor Wimpey, diversity and        and our customers. Having a diverse workforce       –– Applicant tracking system – we have
inclusivity remained an area of clear focus             will improve the Company’s ability to become           launched a new applicant tracking system
throughout 2019 and will continue to be in 2020         even more of a customer-focused business.              which has improved our application process
and beyond. To support the Board’s diversity            The Company has put in place systems to                and enables us to reach a wider and more
and inclusivity, the Diversity and Inclusivity          measure and monitor diversity around the Group         diverse pool of talent so we can ensure that
Committee has continued their work to ensure            more effectively. The data becoming available          roles are being advertised sufficiently widely
that the Company as a whole is operating in a           from these improved systems has assisted in            and can understand how candidates are being
diverse and inclusive manner.                           designing and implementing a number of                 selected for recruitment.
Although the Nomination Committee and the               improvements to Group employment terms and
Board will continue to appoint based on merit,          conditions which we believe should facilitate
we recognise that boards generally perform              access to and success at work for all, such as
better when they include top-quality people from        the following:
a range of backgrounds and experiences.                 –– A review of gender pay – we are committed
Therefore, diversity and inclusivity will continue to      to creating a diverse and inclusive place to
be a key consideration when assessing the                  work. Our fair and transparent approach to
composition of the Board, as well as our key               recruitment and our people is one of the
executives and wider management teams,                     defining factors in Taylor Wimpey’s culture
to ensure the development of a diverse pipeline            and future workforce. Embracing diversity
for succession.                                            enables us to succeed in a competitive market
The Diversity and Inclusivity Committee, which             so we have implemented our Diversity and
includes a variety of members from across the              Inclusivity Strategy which focuses on gender
business, has been overseeing progress towards             equality as well as promoting other key
achieving the Company’s Diversity and Inclusivity          workforce policies that highlight positive
Strategy and implementing and progressing                  approaches to employee diversity. Our action
initiatives in order to improve our performance in         plan to support gender equality sets out
these key areas. The Company’s Diversity                   measures to challenge the traditionally
Policy, as set out on pages 96 to 97, focuses on           male-dominated culture of the construction
the challenges faced in developing an inclusive            and homebuilding industries.
and diverse workforce, with each regional business      –– Implementing a flexible working policy
making an appropriate commitment to this.                  – following our initial trial, a number of our
The Diversity and Inclusivity Strategy is based on         business units have introduced agile and
the following key objectives:                              flexible working polices which have been
–– 21st-century leadership – we ensure                     received positively. We have developed a set
   that our leaders understand their role in               of agile working principles to support our
   developing a more diverse and inclusive                 business units and we will continue to develop
   culture and have the relevant training and              our policies to ensure we can attract and
   support to achieve this.                                retain talent.
–– Remaining an employer of choice – we                 –– Young Persons Forum – continuing the
   ensure that our working environment, policies,          success of our Young Persons Forum in our
   procedures and development and progression              West Scotland regional business unit, we have
   opportunities support greater diversity and             rolled out further forums across the business.
   inclusivity.                                            This Forum gives our young employees the
                                                           opportunity to meet other young people
–– Expanding our reach – we develop
                                                           across our businesses, provides training and
   broader recruitment channels, understand
                                                           information sessions and a platform for
   and embrace the diversity of our customers
                                                           discussion of business-related matters.
   and workplace and improve engagement
   with them.




www.taylorwimpey.co.uk                                                                                                                                    95
Composition, Succession and Evaluation continued


Progress of our Diversity Policy
The Company’s plans and progress in implementing its Diversity Policy are measured and monitored by the Nomination Committee and the Board.
Set out below is the Diversity Policy benchmarked against appropriate targets. The Company is also committed to ensuring that our people are free
from any direct and indirect discrimination, harassment, bullying or any other form of victimisation. Our Grievance and Harassment Policies ensure
that any reported incidents are addressed and our Whistleblowing Policy encourages employees to speak up, including through an independent
third party whistleblowing hotline, about any inappropriate practices or behaviour. These policies are regularly publicised to all employees.



 Diversity Policy                       Strategy                              Progress
 Taylor Wimpey operates in diverse      We will examine our culture and       Our Working Party, the Taylor Wimpey UK Diversity and Inclusivity Committee
 communities. We believe that           practices to determine what           (the Committee), fully incorporates our previous BAME Working Group. This means
 embracing this diversity will enable   further actions can be taken to       we have full representation across all of our UK Divisions, with every regional
 us to succeed through a                improve diversity and inclusion       business having a link to the Committee via their nominated champions.
 workforce that is inclusive,           within Taylor Wimpey.
                                                                              The Committee meets every quarter with clear objectives and action plans now in
 creative and innovative. Diversity
                                                                              place for 2020 which will focus on achieving our diversity and inclusivity agenda.
 covers many aspects. We have
                                                                              Our strategy and associated workstreams are designed to move us forward as a
 defined diversity to mean that we
                                                                              diverse and inclusive employer with particular emphasis on gender and BAME
 actively embrace the business and
                                                                              again this year.
 local communities in which we
 operate and will strive to reflect                                           The three key objectives stated within the Diversity and Inclusivity Strategy are:
 their richness and character to                                              –– 21st-Century Leadership.
 include such aspects as gender,
                                                                              –– Employer of Choice.
 race, disability and religion but
 also diversity of thought,                                                   –– Expand our Reach.
 background and experience.                                                   The Committee has engaged with the EY Foundation which supports young
                                                                              people from socially deprived and BAME backgrounds that are facing significant
                                                                              barriers to work. We have sponsored 22 young people to gain work experience
                                                                              and skills, resulting in job placements for several of these young people.
                                                                              The Chair of the Committee and the Head of Human Resource Strategy continue
                                                                              to drive the Diversity and Inclusivity Committee agenda and will provide updates
                                                                              on progress of our plans and specific initiatives to our Divisional Chairs, Divisional
                                                                              Managing Directors and Regional Managing Directors. This ensures strong two
                                                                              way communication and strengthens the commitment to the Diversity and
                                                                              Inclusivity Strategy from the leaders of our business.

 Managing diversity is about            We will identify people               We are proud of our involvement with the Leonard Cheshire Disability Change
 valuing everyone as an individual      management practices that assist      100 programme which offers undergraduate students with a disability a summer
 – valuing people as our                a diverse workforce to achieve its    placement and we are committed to continuing this support. This year, one of our
 employees, customers and               full potential.                       previous students was successful in joining the 2019 Graduate Scheme.
 clients. People have different
                                        We will use our Community             In 2019 we increased the number of people employed with a disability to 54,
 needs, values and beliefs. Our
                                        Engagement Programme to               compared to 43 in 2018.
 people management practice
                                        heighten awareness of positive
 demands that employment                                                      We have continued to promote our ‘Employer of Choice’ and diversity agenda
                                        strategies for personal interaction
 propositions are both consistently                                           through numerous publications and recently our West Scotland regional business
                                        and valuing individuals.
 fair and also flexible and inclusive                                         was shortlisted for the ‘Age Inclusive’ award at The Herald & GenAnalytics
 in ways that assist our people         We will increase the opportunities    Diversity Awards.
 while supporting our business          for young people to join the
                                                                              We have again been recognised by the Hampton-Alexander Review, an
 needs and objectives.                  Company and will promote
                                                                              independent review body which aims to increase the number of women on UK
                                        continuous personal development.
                                                                              boards. For the third year in a row, we have been included in the top 50 UK
                                                                              employees for gender diversity.
                                                                              During 2019, we continued to roll out the Young Persons Forums across our
                                                                              business units. These forums ensure that our young people are fully engaged with
                                                                              the business, creating strong networks that will bring huge benefits to both the
                                                                              individuals and wider business. They also ensure that young people have a strong
                                                                              voice within Taylor Wimpey.
                                                                              The principles and benefits of flexible working were continually promoted during
                                                                              2019. The launch of the agile working campaign has further endorsed this
                                                                              initiative and this has created some fantastic success stories around the business.
                                                                              We will continue to promote this initiative across the business during 2020.​




96      Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
Diversity policy                      Strategy                               Progress


                                                                                                                                                                       Governance
We believe that everyone              We will ensure that all managers       In 2019, we recruited 24 graduates, 36 management trainees, 56 site
should have the right to equal        involved in recruitment and            management trainees, and 382 trade apprentices.
access to employment and,             selection receive training that
                                                                             During 2019, we continued to partner with a number of specific diversity partners
when in our employ, to equal          incorporates the areas of diversity
                                                                             with the objective of driving the attraction and development of a more diverse and
pay and access to training and        and promoting equality.
                                                                             representative workforce.
career development.
                                      We will extend our recruitment
                                                                             The Company’s ongoing implementation of the strategy launched in 2018 has
                                      sources in order to attract a more
                                                                             involved open sessions chaired by Pete Redfern and other Board members with
                                      diverse range of applicants.
                                                                             groups of employees representing all areas of the business. These sessions were
                                                                             designed to allow all voices to be heard and influence how we achieve our
                                                                             strategic goals.
                                                                             Diversity and inclusivity is continually discussed as part of the talent and
                                                                             succession reviews which are completed by all business units twice a year.
                                                                             These reviews are cascaded upwards, culminating in business wide reviews by
                                                                             the Divisional Chairs with the Chief Executive and Group Human Resources Director.
                                                                             A full review of all Taylor Wimpey policies and the Company website is being
                                                                             undertaken through a diversity and inclusivity ‘lens’.

We are committed to ensuring          We will encourage our people to        A specific focus of the Company’s whistleblowing campaign is on encouraging
that our people are free from any     speak out and report any direct or     employees to speak up against any inappropriate practices or behaviour.
direct or indirect discrimination,    indirect discrimination, harassment
                                                                             Our Grievance Policy ensures that any reports of harassment or bullying are
harassment or bullying. We will       or bullying. We will act promptly in
                                                                             investigated and acted upon.
not tolerate any behaviour that       addressing any inappropriate
detracts from this.                   behaviour or practice.                 ​

We acknowledge that we must           Diversity will be promoted from        Diversity is a core message within our strategy, a main item at our executive and
continue to promote diversity in      the highest level and we will          regional management meetings and is a standing agenda item at Group
order to create an organisation       ensure that our people understand      Management Team meetings.
that attracts, supports and           the benefits of having a diverse
                                                                             In order to support each employee to maximise their performance and achieve
promotes the broadest range of        and inclusive workforce.
                                                                             their own personal goals we have designed a ‘Cultural Principles’ framework
talent. Establishing an
                                                                             where we describe the behaviours and attitudes we believe are required for
organisational culture with
                                                                             effective performance in order to deliver our vision, mission and values.
diversity as a core value will
                                                                             Encouraging and embracing diversity is an integral part of our philosophy.
enable individuals to reach their
full potential and provide the best                                          The Careers section of our website includes a dedicated diversity and inclusivity
service to our customers.                                                    section highlighting our focus on this area.
                                                                             In 2019, we developed our first divisional female network which consists of
                                                                             employees from functions such as Technical, Commercial and Production which
                                                                             are departments that historically have had lower female representation within our
                                                                             business. The aim of the network was to take positive action where we created a
                                                                             platform for our females and males to openly discuss and share what may be
                                                                             preventing women from progressing, provide an inclusive network with access to
                                                                             senior leaders, career development support and boost confidence. The network
                                                                             has been attended by a Divisional Chairman and Divisional Managing Director and
                                                                             so far, has successfully aided further awareness and positive actions amongst our
                                                                             leaders on how we can further support and encourage female talent. This
                                                                             includes some very practical changes such as working with suppliers to ensure
                                                                             female uniforms are readily available for site employees, suitable facilities are
                                                                             available for women working on site, role modelling as well as development
                                                                             support to help the network consider how they influence and get traction in male
                                                                             dominated environments. We have some fantastic ideas and learnings coming
                                                                             out of this employee resource group and plan to expand this further.
                                                                             We published our updated gender pay gap data in March 2020 and it can be
                                                                             viewed on our website at www.taylorwimpey.co.uk​




www.taylorwimpey.co.uk                                                                                                                                           97
Audit, Risk and Internal Control
Audit Committee report
                                                       responsibilities can be found in the Terms of           I am pleased to confirm that throughout the year the
                                                       Reference of the Audit Committee which is               Committee met the Financial Reporting Council
                                                       available in full on the Company’s website.             (FRC) guidance on Audit Committees which was
                                                       Following a review during 2019, it was                  issued in April 2016, and which was incorporated
                                                       determined that they remain appropriate,                into the Code. The aim of the guidance was to
                                                       in line with best practice and reflect the              further improve good governance around the
                                                       Committee’s responsibilities under the Code             Committee’s competence; induction for new
                                                       and related regulations.                                members; audit rotation; independent assessment
                                                                                                               of areas of judgement; and sufficiency of resourcing
                                                       The Committee conducts an annual evaluation of
                                                                                                               for the Committee; all with the aim of ensuring that
                                                       its performance against its key objectives.
                                                                                                               the Committee is able to perform its primary function
                                                       An interim review of progress against these             of protecting shareholders’ interests in relation to the
 Humphrey Singer                                       objectives was considered at the Committee’s July       Company’s financial reporting and internal control.
 Chair of the Audit Committee                          and December 2019 meetings, and the evaluation
                                                                                                               The Committee will continue to ensure that all
                                                       for 2019 was formally assessed recently by the
                                                                                                               applicable regulations are complied with, in order
                                                       Committee at its February 2020 meeting.
                                                                                                               to remain confident that the business continues to
Dear Shareholder                                       The key performance areas of the Committee              operate in a controlled and managed way.
On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to present        during 2019 are set out on page 99 and
                                                                                                               I would like to welcome Robert Noel, independent
the report of the Audit Committee, summarising         described in more detail in this report.
                                                                                                               Non Executive Director, who joined the Committee
below, and in the report which follows, the ongoing    The Committee’s key areas of focus for 2020             on his appointment to the Board on 1 October
responsibilities and objectives of the Committee;      are also set out on page 99. Whilst these remain        2019. Rob’s deep understanding of the property
the work that has been carried out during 2019;        sufficiently flexible to permit the Committee           sector and wide commercial experience as CEO
and the priorities established for 2020.               to quickly respond to any major change in               of Land Securities Group PLC will add to the
The Committee supports the Board in fulfilling its     circumstances, our key priorities for the year          Committee’s skill sets and further enhance the
corporate governance responsibilities, including       ahead will include the continued delivery of robust     quality of its work on behalf of shareholders.
the Group’s risk management and internal control       risk management and work to further strengthen
framework; internal audit process; financial           the control framework.
reporting practices; the preparation and               The Committee continues to hold meetings with
compliance of the Company’s Annual Report and          the external auditor and the Head of Internal Audit,
Accounts; and the external audit process.              independent of the Executive, and these assist in
                                                                                                               Humphrey Singer
The main responsibilities of the Audit Committee       ensuring that reporting, forecasting and risk
                                                                                                               Chair of the Audit Committee
are summarised opposite in the main objective on       management processes are subject to rigorous
page 99 and further details of the Committee’s         review throughout the year.                             25 February 2020



Committee activities during 2019

February 2019                                                                      July 2019


–– Reviewed the draft 2018 Annual         –– Concluded the prior year’s            –– Reviewed the draft Half Year           –– Reviewed Deloitte’s plan for the
   Report and Accounts, including            risk review.                             Statement for 2019, including             audit of the Company’s 2019
   significant accounting and audit       –– Reviewed the draft Viability             significant accounting issues;            accounts, and the progress of the
   issues; issues of materiality; and        Statement to appear in the 2018          materiality; and the external             audit to date.
   the external auditor’s report;            Annual Report and Accounts.              auditor’s report on its review         –– Led the appraisal of Deloitte’s
   and conducted a formal                 –– Reviewed the Committee’s                 of that statement.                        performance during the audit of the
   compliance check.                         performance against its objectives    –– Conducted the 2019 Half Year              Company’s 2018 results.
–– Disclosed relevant audit information      for 2018 and set objectives              risk review.                           –– Reviewed and agreed the process
   to the auditors and the required          for 2019.                             –– Received a further detailed               for tendering the external audit
   evidence in support of it.             –– Received the Group fraud                 presentation on the Group’s data          during 2020, with a view to the new
–– Reviewed the Group’s 2018                 risk assessment.                         security, including progress to date      appointee (subject to shareholder
   draft Full Year Results Statement;     –– Held private meetings with the           and plans for further improvement.        approval), shadowing the incumbent
   and advised the Board regarding           external auditors and the Head of     –– Advised the Board regarding               external auditors on the 2020 audit
   the appropriateness of the                Internal Audit.                          the appropriateness of the                and commencing as external
   proposed dividends.                                                                proposed dividend.                        auditor from 1 January 2021.
                                          –– Agreed Internal Audit’s programme
                                             of work for 2019.




98      Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
                                                                                                                                                                           Governance
  Audit Committee Summary

  The Audit Committee is chaired by Humphrey               Members                                                 –– Engaged with the senior management team
  Singer. Robert Noel joined the Committee on                                                         Meetings        to ensure an effective and appropriate risk
  his appointment to the Board on 1 October                Committee members                          attended        management and control framework
  2019. All members of the Committee are                   Humphrey Singer (Chair)                        3/3         continued to evolve.
  Independent Non Executive Directors as                   Kate Barker                                    3/3      –– Received the Group Fraud Risk Assessment
  required by the Code. The Board has                      Angela Knight                                  3/3         and gave continuing focus thereto.
  determined that Humphrey Singer has recent               Robert Noel(a)                                 1/1
  and relevant financial experience as required by                                                                 2020 key areas of focus
                                                           (a) Appointed on 1 October 2019.
  the Code. In addition, and in line with the
                                                                                                                   –– Oversee the external audit tender process.
  Code, the Board considers that the Audit                 2019 key areas of focus
  Committee when considered as a whole,                                                                            –– Continued focus on key initiatives to support
  has the necessary competence relevant to                 –– Monitored new initiatives to support                    cost management and simplification of key
  the housebuilding sector in which the                       business partnering by the Finance function.            commercial processes.
  Company operates.                                        –– Monitored the Commercial function’s                  –– Gain assurance that current technology and
                                                              new initiatives to further strengthen                   ongoing related process improvements are
  Main objective                                              commercial controls.                                    implemented within a robust framework.
                                                           –– Gained assurance that planned initiatives
  To assist the Board in fulfilling its corporate
                                                              progressed within a robust framework.
  governance responsibilities relating to the
  Group’s risk management and internal                     –– Oversaw an update to the joint venture
  control framework; internal audit process;                  framework to ensure alignment with core
  financial reporting practices including the                 frameworks, processes and controls within
  key accounting judgements and estimates;                    the business.
  and external audit process.




December 2019                               February 2020


–– Received a briefing on key               –– Reviewed the draft 2019 Annual          –– Disclosed relevant audit information    –– Reviewed the Committee’s
   accounting judgements with regard           Report and Accounts, including             to the auditors and the required           performance against its Terms of
   to the Company’s 2019 accounts.             significant accounting and                 evidence in support of it.                 Reference during 2019.
–– Oversaw the process of development          audit issues; issues of materiality;    –– Reviewed the Group’s draft 2019         –– Agreed Internal Audit’s programme
   of the Board’s Viability Statement          and the external auditor’s report;         Full Year Results Statement;               of work for 2020.
   included in its 2019 reporting.             and conducted a formal                     and advised the Board regarding         –– Received an update on progress of
–– Considered the risk review                  compliance check.                          the appropriateness of the                 the external audit tender process.
   outcome for 2019.                        –– Reviewed and confirmed the                 proposed dividends.                     –– Recommended to the Board the
–– Received a detailed presentation on         processes which allow the Committee     –– Concluded the 2019 risk review.            reappointment of Deloitte as
   progress to date and plans for further      to ensure that the 2019 Annual          –– Reviewed the draft Viability               external auditor.
   improving the Group’s IT systems            Report and Accounts meets the              Statement to appear in the 2019
   and wider IT security more generally.       requirements of Code Principle N,          Annual Report and Accounts.
                                               Provision 27, to present a fair,
–– Conducted an interim review of                                                      –– Reviewed the Committee’s
                                               balanced and understandable
   progress against the Committee’s                                                       performance against its objectives
                                               assessment of the Company’s
   objectives for 2019.                                                                   for 2019 and set objectives for 2020.
                                               position and prospects.
–– Reviewed and approved the initial
   tender documentation commencing
   the process for the appointment of
   new external auditors.
www.taylorwimpey.co.uk                                                                                                                                               99
Audit, Risk and Internal Control continued




Committee purpose and                                    Committee activities during 2019                    Committee competence
responsibilities                                         The Audit Committee met on three occasions          A key requirement of the FRC’s guidance on
The membership of the Audit Committee                    during the year. The reports considered at the      Audit Committees is that each Committee
is set out in the table on page 99. Committee            February 2020 meeting concluded the                 member should have sufficient knowledge,
meetings are also attended, by invitation,               Committee’s activities with regard to the           training and expertise to contribute effectively to
by the Chief Executive, Group Finance Director           Company’s 2019 reporting and have been              the Committee’s deliberations.
and Group Operations Director, the Chair and             included on this page.
                                                                                                             The Committee Chair has extensive experience
other Non Executive Directors (who traditionally         At those meetings, the Committee carried            of the financial reporting requirements of FTSE 100
attend the key Committee meetings dealing with           out its remit which, in addition to reviewing at    companies; of financial reporting preparation and
the Company’s interim and full year accounts),           each meeting the summary reports of Internal        compliance for public companies; and of dealing
Group Financial Controller who also has direct           Audit activity, primarily included reviews of       with internal and external auditors in his previous
oversight of the risk management framework,              the following:                                      roles with Marks and Spencer Group plc and
Head of Internal Audit, other senior executives,                                                             Dixons Carphone plc. He also has previous
the Company Secretary, Deputy Company                    –– Financial reporting practices.
                                                                                                             experience of both attending Audit Committee
Secretary and Deloitte LLP (Deloitte), the external      –– The risk management and internal control
                                                                                                             meetings and of being a member of an Audit
auditor. The Committee also meets individually              framework.
                                                                                                             Committee. This experience has given him an
and privately with the Head of Internal Audit and        –– The internal audit process.                      insight into key areas of shareholder concern
with representatives from Deloitte during at least       –– Checking for any incidences of fraud, actual,    and independent experience of robustly
two Committee meetings per annum, which                     alleged or precautionary, and ensuring proper    challenging both Management and the external
normally take place around the time of the                  controls and a response plan are in place.       and internal auditor.
Full and Half Year financial statements, in order        –– Preparations for the tendering of the
to discuss any matters which the auditor may                                                                 The Committee Chair is assisted by three other
                                                            external Auditor role.
wish to raise in confidence, with only the                                                                   Independent Non Executive Directors:
Secretary being present.                                 In carrying out these activities, the Committee
                                                                                                             –– Kate Barker has wide experience of key areas
                                                         places reliance on regular reports from Executive
It is a requirement of the Code that the                                                                        in which the Company operates day to day,
                                                         Management, Internal Audit and from Deloitte.
Board should:                                                                                                   having led Government policy reviews into
                                                         In monitoring the financial reporting practices,
                                                                                                                housing supply and land use planning. She
–– Establish formal and transparent policies and         the Committee reviewed accounting policies,
                                                                                                                also has experience of being a non executive
   procedures to ensure the independence and             areas of judgement highlighted by Executive
                                                                                                                director with Man Group plc and previously
   effectiveness of internal and external audit          Management and Deloitte, the going concern
                                                                                                                with Yorkshire Building Society.
   functions and satisfy itself as to the integrity of   assumptions and compliance with accounting
                                                                                                             –– Angela Knight has wide experience of financial
   financial and narrative statements.                   standards and the requirements of the Code.
                                                                                                                services and banking and has extensive non
–– Present a fair, balanced and understandable                                                                  executive director experience.
   assessment of the Company’s position                                                                      –– Robert Noel, who joined the Committee on
   and prospects.                                                                                               1 October 2019, has considerable experience
–– Establish procedures to manage risk, oversee                                                                 of the property sector and wide commercial
   the internal control framework, and determine                                                                experience as CEO of Land Securities
   the nature and extent of the Principal Risks                                                                 Group PLC.
   the Company is willing to take in order to
   achieve its long term strategic objectives.




100     Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
The Committee is confident that its members           Risk management and internal                         The Board undertook a longer term risk review in



                                                                                                                                                                 Governance
collectively have the necessary competence            control                                              preparation for future strategy reviews.
relevant for the housebuilding sector as
                                                                                                           The Board’s objectives for 2020 in this area are:
envisioned by the Code.                               Risk management
                                                      The Committee’s objective for 2019 in this           –– To ensure risk remains within the Company’s
As described in the Nomination Committee
                                                      area was:                                               agreed risk appetite and is adequately
Report on page 90, there is a formal process
                                                                                                              monitored and reviewed as appropriate to
of induction for new Directors and this includes      –– To ensure risk remains within the Company’s          reflect external and internal changes.
specific reference to supporting competence in           agreed risk appetite and is adequately
                                                                                                           –– To continue to develop the Company’s risk
relevant Committee areas through exposure to             monitored and reviewed as appropriate to
                                                                                                              processes in light of evolving best practice.
appropriate areas of the Company’s operations            reflect external and internal changes.
and performance.                                                                                           The Group has established an ongoing process
                                                      To achieve this objective, the Committee
                                                                                                           of risk management and internal control,
All the members of the Audit Committee are            undertook the following during 2019:
                                                                                                           applying Principle O and its supporting
Independent Non Executive Directors and the
                                                      –– The risk review was conducted twice during        Provisions of the Code which relates to
Chair has recent and relevant financial
                                                         the year, at the Committee’s July (half year)     determining the nature and extent of Principal
experience as required by the Code.
                                                         and December (full year) meetings and             Risks and the maintenance of sound risk
The Committee is confident that its composition;         covered both the systems used and the             management and internal control systems. The
balance; and expertise can give shareholders             reported risks.                                   Board is responsible for the effectiveness of the
confidence that the financial; reporting; risk; and                                                        system of internal control, which has been
                                                      A number of enhancements were made during
control processes of the Company are subjected                                                             designed to meet the requirements of the Group
                                                      2019 and into 2020 to the processes for
to the appropriate level of independent, robust                                                            and the risks it encounters, over various time
                                                      identifying, assessing, monitoring, reporting, and
and challenging oversight.                                                                                 horizons, including taking account of
                                                      managing the residual elements of risk. This
                                                      included examination of best practice                environmental, social and governance
Committee evaluation                                  comparators in industry and reflecting these in      considerations. The systems cannot eliminate
The Board evaluation for 2019, which is               the Company’s own processes around risk and          the risk of failure but rather seek to manage both
described more fully in the Nomination                the assessment of risk appetite.                     the likelihood of their occurrence and the extent
Committee Report on page 92, included an                                                                   of their impact, and can only provide reasonable
                                                      The Audit Committee conducted a detailed             and not absolute assurance against material
appraisal of the performance of the Audit
                                                      review of risk at its July and December meetings     misstatement or loss.
Committee and individually of its Chair and
                                                      immediately preceding the Board meeting and
other members.                                                                                             The Principal Risks facing the Company,
                                                      on each occasion provided advice to the Board
The outcome of the appraisal was that the             in connection with the Board’s own risk review.      as assessed by the Board, are set out on
Committee was considered to continue to                                                                    pages 48 to 52, together with information on
                                                      The Committee received regular updates on the        the mitigations for each risk, and a description
operate effectively, with the necessary level
                                                      review of historic and more current                  on page 46 of the Group’s appetite for risk.
of expertise and independent challenge,
                                                      developments following the tragic fire at Grenfell
and with no specific actions arising requiring                                                             The Board makes its assessment of risk half
                                                      Tower and actions taken by the Company to
further improvement.                                                                                       yearly, after overseeing, with advice from the
                                                      comply with Government guidance on fire safety.
At its February 2020 meeting, the Committee                                                                Audit Committee, a bottom-up and top-down
                                                      During the year, the Board and Audit Committee       review of risk in all areas of the business, with a
reviewed its performance against its objectives
                                                      received updates on key information technology       time horizon of up to five years. Action to
and Terms of Reference during 2019, which was
                                                      risks, including the resilience of the Group’s       mitigate the effect of each one is led by the
considered to have been satisfactory.
                                                      systems to cyber attack and action taken to          Chief Executive either directly or indirectly in
                                                      maintain security.                                   conjunction with the Group Management
                                                                                                           Team (GMT).
                                                                                                           The Board’s assessments use a standard
                                                                                                           methodology which takes into account
                                                                                                           environmental, social and governance
                                                                                                           considerations. In compliance with the Code,
                                                                                                           the Board, led by the Audit Committee, also
                                                                                                           regularly reviews the effectiveness of the Group’s
                                                                                                           system of internal control in providing a
                                                                                                           responsible assessment and mitigation of risks.
                                                                                                           The Board’s monitoring covers all controls,
                                                                                                           including financial, operational, compliance
                                                                                                           and assurance controls which include
                                                                                                           risk management.




www.taylorwimpey.co.uk                                                                                                                                    101
Audit, Risk and Internal Control continued




Emerging risks                                        The Board is supported in this by more regular          The Committee also considered the output from
The Committee has overseen additional                 and detailed reviews by the Audit Committee,            the Financial Reporting Council’s Audit Quality
consideration in relation to emerging, longer term    including the review of reports from Internal           Review (AQR) annual inspection of audit firms to
potential risks in line with developing guidance in   Audit, and by risk reviews across the business,         ensure the matters identified by the AQR have
this area. A detailed review was conducted by         led by the GMT. These reviews during 2019               been addressed in the audit of the Company’s
Management, in discussion with the Group              resulted in a number of enhancements to internal        2019 financial statements.
Operation Team, taking the form of ‘horizon           controls, designed to better manage risk across
                                                                                                              In addition, the Committee considered whether
scanning’ for potential emerging risks, which         the business, as outlined in the key areas of
                                                                                                              the external auditor had appropriately challenged
were then grouped into the following categories       focus for 2019 on page 99.
                                                                                                              management estimates and judgements.
and agreed by the Board as:                           The Committee also oversees the actions being           The auditor’s report (starting on page 140)
–– Environmental.                                     taken to monitor Information Technology (IT)            details the key matters that were considered as
                                                      initiatives which aim to either directly protect        part of the year end audit. This includes details
–– Political and economic.
                                                      against and reduce the risk of cyber-related            of the procedures performed by Deloitte to
–– Social.
                                                      type attacks and fraud; support and enhance             assess the estimates and judgements made
–– Operations.                                        the current IT environment including data               by management.
–– Technical.                                         protection; or that are crucial in their contribution
                                                                                                              The outcome of this review was that the
–– Governmental.                                      to key business initiatives aiming to enhance
                                                                                                              Committee recommended to the Board, which
For each of these emerging risks, a timeline          the experience of customers, suppliers and/
                                                                                                              in turn is recommending to shareholders in
of its likely emergence is being mapped and           or employees.
                                                                                                              Resolution 13 at the 2020 AGM on page 192,
further consideration given to its potential          At its meeting in February 2020, the Board,             that Deloitte LLP should continue as external
impact on the Company. This will enable any           after conducting its own review and after               auditor to the Company.
appropriate mitigation actions to be planned          reviewing more detailed assessments from the
                                                                                                              The Company will of course keep the matter
and introduced, including consideration of best       Audit Committee, remained satisfied that the
                                                                                                              under regular review, taking into account the
practice in this area.                                system of internal control continued to be
                                                                                                              annual performance review to be conducted by
Examples of the Board’s and the Committee’s           effective in identifying, assessing, and ranking
                                                                                                              the Committee as well as other relevant factors.
reviews in this regard are around the possible        the various risks facing the Company; and in
                                                                                                              There are no contractual restrictions on the
impact of Brexit and are set out in the               monitoring and reporting progress in mitigating
                                                                                                              Company’s selection of its external auditor.
explanation of the process leading to the making      their potential impact on the Company.
                                                      The Board also approved the statement of
of the Viability Statement on page 52; and the                                                                Tender
assessment of, and mitigation steps related to,       the Principal Risks and uncertainties set out
                                                      on pages 48 to 52 of this Annual Report.                The Company last conducted a tender process
risk arising from the impact of the market                                                                    for the external audit in 2007/2008. UK rules
environment on page 49 and material costs and                                                                 relating to the requirement for rotation of external
the availability of subcontractors on page 50.        External auditor
                                                                                                              auditors by FTSE 350 companies permit
                                                      Re-appointment                                          transitional arrangements in line with guidance
Internal control
                                                      As noted earlier, Deloitte LLP is the Company’s         issued by the FRC which, applied to the
Compliance with the Group’s system of internal                                                                Company, allow the present auditor, Deloitte,
                                                      external auditor. A new audit partner, Dean
control is primarily driven and co-ordinated                                                                  to continue in office up to and including the
                                                      Cook, is the partner in charge of the audit of the
through compliance with an established                                                                        conclusion of the audit of the Company’s 2020
                                                      Company’s 2019 accounts, after ‘shadowing’
Operating Framework supported by detailed                                                                     accounts. This is considered by the Committee
                                                      the previous partner during the 2018 annual audit.
manuals covering the main disciplines. These                                                                  to be in the interests of shareholders and
include clear levels of delegated authority,          The Committee considers that the relationship
                                                                                                              other stakeholders.
responsibility and accountability, and are subject    with Deloitte is working well and is satisfied with
to periodic review to ensure they remain              their effectiveness. Their performance is kept          During the year, we commenced the external
appropriate and proportionate to the Group’s          under regular review by the Board and the Audit         audit tender process. This is being overseen by
changing strategic and operating requirements.        Committee and the Committee undertakes a formal         the Chair of the Audit Committee and is being
Adherence to the Operating Framework is               assessment of the external audit process each year,     carried out in compliance with the provisions of
monitored by the senior management team and           including both current and ongoing suitability.         the Competition and Markets Authority Audit
assessed independently by Internal Audit. At its                                                              Order 2014. It also considers guidance and best
                                                      This review takes the form of a detailed checklist
half year and year end meetings, the Board                                                                    practice being issued in light of the current
                                                      and questionnaire issued to Directors; executives
reviews risk in relation to the Company’s                                                                     ongoing reviews of the audit market.
                                                      involved in the detailed stages of the audit
strategic objectives and its current plans to         process; and a representative sample of
deliver them. It also reviews progress and            employees in regional business units.
performance in action taken to mitigate the
impact of those risks.




102     Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
During 2019, we have completed several                 As part of that policy, the Committee has              Internal Audit


                                                                                                                                                                   Governance
planning steps, including:                             determined that the following assignments              Internal Audit’s primary role is to support the
                                                       should not be undertaken by the auditors:              Board and Management, and to protect the
–– Agreeing detailed selection criteria for the
   evaluation of the audit firms and a tender          –– Bookkeeping or other services related to the        assets, reputation and sustainability of the
   timetable to enable a smooth transition from           accounting records or financial statements.         Group. The function is led by the Head of
   our current external auditor, which subject to      –– Internal audit outsourcing services.                Internal Audit who has direct access to the Chair
   relevant Board and shareholder approvals,           –– The provision of advice on large Information        of the Audit Committee and the Chair of the
   would enable the selected firm to ‘shadow’             Technology systems.                                 Board, protecting the function’s independence.
   Deloitte on the external audit of the 2020                                                                 The Head of Internal Audit also has access to
                                                       –– Services connected with valuation, litigation
   financial statements.                                                                                      the Chief Executive and the other Executive
                                                          support, legal, recruitment or remuneration.
–– Reviewing the FRC’s AQRs in assessing and                                                                  Directors, as required.
   determining potential firms to invite to            Where non-audit services have an initial or
                                                                                                              Internal Audit reviews the effectiveness and
   participate in the audit tender process.            forecast face value in excess of £100,000 there
                                                                                                              efficiency of the systems of internal control in
                                                       must be prior review and authorisation by the
–– Selecting three firms to invite to the                                                                     place to safeguard the assets; to quantify, price,
                                                       Group Finance Director and the Committee.
   tender process.                                                                                            transfer, avoid or mitigate risks; and to monitor
–– Interviewing and selecting potential lead           The Board is satisfied that this policy meets the      the activities of the Group in accomplishing
   audit partners.                                     EU Audit Directive and Audit Regulation 2016,          established objectives.
–– Approving the Request For Proposal (RFP)            and will be conducive to the maintenance of
                                                                                                              The Internal Audit plan, and the individual audits
   that was issued in December 2019. At this           good governance, best practice and auditor
                                                                                                              conducted in line with the audit plan, are driven
   stage, one firm withdrew from the process           independence and objectivity.
                                                                                                              primarily by the Group’s strategic plan and key
   and therefore two firms progressed to the           Deloitte undertook non-audit services in the form      risks. Following each review, an Internal Audit
   next stage.                                         of assurance work carried out in connection with       report is provided to both the management
Full details of the decision and the full process of   the announcement of the Company’s half year            responsible for the area reviewed and the GMT.
review and assessment underpinning it, will be         results for 2019, which is of direct benefit to        These reports outline Internal Audit’s opinion of
included in next year’s Annual Report.                 shareholders although it is not formally regarded      the management control framework in place
                                                       as ‘audit’ work for reporting purposes.                together with actions indicating improvements
Statement of compliance                                The Audit Committee fully recognises and               proposed or made as appropriate. The Chief
                                                       supports the importance of the independence of         Executive, the GMT and senior management
The Company has complied throughout the
                                                       auditors. Its review of the auditor’s performance      consider the reports on a regular basis and
reporting year with the provisions of The
                                                       during 2019 included non-audit services. The           are responsible for ensuring that improvements
Statutory Audit Services for Large Companies
                                                       Committee is satisfied that the carrying out of        are made as agreed. A database of audit
Market Investigation (Mandatory Use of
                                                       the above work did not, and will not going             recommendations and improvement initiatives is
Competitive Tender Processes and Audit
                                                       forward, impair the independence of the external       maintained. Follow-up and escalation processes
Committee Responsibilities) Order 2014.
                                                       auditor. It also recognises that, from time to time,   ensure that such improvements are implemented
Appointment of the auditor for                         there is a clear commercial advantage based on         and fully embedded in a timely manner.
non-audit services                                     cost and timetable requirements in using the           The Company belongs to and participates in
The Audit Committee has a formal policy,               Company’s auditors. As a result, the value of          industry-wide forums and other initiatives aimed
reviewed annually, on whether the Company’s            non-audit services work was £0.1 million in 2019       at combating fraud within the housebuilding and
external auditor should be employed to provide         (2018: £0.1 million) which represents approximately    construction industry.
services other than audit services. In line with the   14% of the audit fee as set out in Note 6 to the
                                                                                                              Summaries of all key Internal Audit reviews and
Code, the Committee has regard to the relevant         Accounts on page 161.
                                                                                                              activity and resulting reports are provided to the
ethical guidance regarding the provision of                                                                   Audit Committee for review and discussion.
non-audit services by Deloitte.
                                                                                                              The Internal Audit function also reviews
                                                                                                              proposed related-party transactions, such as
                                                                                                              purchases by employees from Group
                                                                                                              companies, to provide assurance that proper
                                                                                                              procedures are followed and that such
                                                                                                              procedures are undertaken strictly in accordance
                                                                                                              with the formal policy in place and, where
                                                                                                              applicable, company law.




www.taylorwimpey.co.uk                                                                                                                                      103
Audit, Risk and Internal Control continued




The most recent independent formal evaluation          Viability Statement                                   The review of the Company’s Annual Report and
of the Internal Audit function was carried out in      The Viability Statement is designed to be a           Accounts took the form of a detailed assessment
2015 on behalf of the Audit Committee by PwC           longer term view of the sustainability of the         of the collaborative process of drafting them,
and its finding was that Internal Audit continues      Company’s strategy and business model and             which involves the Company’s Investor
to operate effectively. A number of initiatives        related resourcing, in the light of projected wider   Relations; Company Secretariat; and Finance
were progressed subsequently to ensure the             economic and market developments. The                 functions, with guidance and input from other
Internal Audit function continues to meet both         Committee considered whether there should be          relevant functions and external advisers.
current best practice and the evolving needs of        any change to the five-year period chosen for         It ensured that there is a clear and unified
the Group. The next such evaluation is currently       the statement but remained of the opinion that        link between this Annual Report and Accounts
being planned for 2020 and will consider the           this continued to be appropriate, taking into         and the Company’s other external reporting,
recommendations included in the Code of                account the balance sheet strength and                and between the three main sections of the
Practice for effective internal audit in the private   development cycle. The Committee also                 Annual Report and Accounts – the Strategic
and third sectors, published in January 2020 by        reviewed the Directors’ expectations; the criteria    Report; the Governance Reports; and the
the Chartered Institute of Internal Auditors.          upon which they were based; and the                   Financial Statements.
                                                       sensitivities applied, including how these linked     In particular, the Committee:
Going concern                                          to the Principal Risks faced by the business;
                                                                                                             –– Reviewed all material matters, as reported
The Group has prepared forecasts, including            and agreed that they were reasonable. The
                                                                                                                elsewhere in this Annual Report.
certain sensitivities, taking into account the         statement appears on page 52 together with
                                                                                                             –– Ensured that it correctly reflected the
Principal Risks and uncertainties identified on        details of the processes, assumptions, and
                                                                                                                Company’s performance in the reporting year,
pages 48 to 52. Having considered these                testing which underpin it.
                                                                                                                as described in this Annual Report.
forecasts, the Directors remain of the view that
the Group’s financing arrangements and capital         Annual Report and Accounts 2019                       –– Ensured that it presented a consistent
structure provide both the necessary facilities                                                                 message throughout.
and covenant headroom to enable the Group to           Fair, balanced and understandable                     –– Ensured that it correctly reflected the
conduct its business for at least the next 12          A key requirement of our financial statements is         Company’s business model, as described on
months. The Committee reviewed the forecasts           that they are fair, balanced and understandable,         pages 30 and 31.
and the Directors’ expectations based thereon,         and that they include the information necessary       –– Ensured that it correctly described the
and agreed that they were reasonable.                  for shareholders to assess the Group’s position,         Company’s strategy, as described on pages
Accordingly, the consolidated financial                performance, business model and strategy.                24 to 29.
statements have been prepared on a going               The Committee monitors the integrity of the           –– Considered whether it presented the
concern basis.                                         Group’s reporting process and financial                  information in a clear and concise manner,
                                                       management; and reviews in detail the work               illustrated by appropriate KPIs, to facilitate
                                                       of the external auditor and any significant              shareholders’ access to relevant information.
                                                       financial judgements and estimates made
                                                       by Management.                                        Significant items
                                                       It considers the output from the above and            The items below are those that the Audit
                                                       reviews the Full Year and Half Year financial         Committee has considered in discharging its
                                                       statements before proposing them to the Board         duties and in considering the financial reporting
                                                       for consideration.                                    of the Group.




104     Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
Cost allocation of inventory                          ACM cladding and leasehold                            More detail on how the Board and the Audit



                                                                                                                                                                Governance
The cost allocation framework used across the         provisions                                            Committee have addressed the assessment,
Group, controls the way in which inventory is         The Committee reviewed senior management’s            control and mitigation of risk, and the oversight
costed and allocated across each development.         updates on the progress of rectification of           of the internal and external audit functions,
It also ensures that any costs incurred in excess     buildings identified with ACM cladding materials,     appear in the Audit Committee Report on
of the original budget are recognised appropriately                                                         pages 101 to 104
                                                      together with utilisation and estimates of the
as the site progresses. The Committee reviewed        remaining provision. The Committee also
reports and recommendations from the senior           reviewed the level of applications received in
management team in relation to areas of the           respect of the Ground Rent Review Assistance
business recognising cost excesses. The               Scheme, the utilisation of the provision and latest
Committee also reviewed the work undertaken           management assumptions.
by Deloitte which included testing of the
Group-wide controls to monitor cost allocation.       Recommendation to the Board
These reviews enabled the Committee to
                                                      The outcome of the above processes, together
gain assurance that the framework is
                                                      with the views presented by Deloitte, was that
applied consistently.
                                                      the Committee recommended, and in turn the
                                                      Board confirmed, that the 2019 Annual Report
Defined Benefit Pension valuations                    and Financial Statements, taken as a whole, is
and Pension Increase Exchange (PIE)                   fair, balanced and understandable, and provides
The Committee reviewed the funding position of        the necessary information for shareholders to
the Taylor Wimpey Pension Scheme and                  assess the Company’s position, performance,
discussed and agreed the market-based                 business model and strategy.​
assumptions used to establish the net pension
deficit recognised on the balance sheet at
31 December 2019.
The Committee also reviewed the assumptions
used in calculating the credit to the income
statement as a result of the PIE exercise
undertaken in the year for members of the
Taylor Wimpey Pension Scheme.




www.taylorwimpey.co.uk                                                                                                                                 105
Remuneration
Remuneration Committee report
                                                          The 2018 UK Corporate Governance                       the vote each year on our Directors’
                                                          Code                                                   Remuneration Report has been strongly
                                                                                                                 supported by shareholders – which has been
                                                          The Committee welcomes the wider remit and
                                                                                                                 very much appreciated. Further details on how
                                                          responsibilities placed on it by the introduction of
                                                                                                                 the current policy has been applied during 2019
                                                          the 2018 UK Corporate Governance Code (the
                                                                                                                 can be found on pages 121 to 131.
                                                          Code). During 2019 we focused on embedding
                                                          the new responsibilities into our existing             We believe that current remuneration levels
                                                          processes and updated the Committee’s Terms            are appropriately positioned and no changes to
                                                          of Reference to ensure that they meet both the         the maximum limits of either the Executive
                                                          Code and wider best practice and also to ensure        Incentive Scheme bonus (EIS, our annual bonus)
                                                          that the Committee considers all relevant matters      or Performance Share Plan (PSP, our long term
                                                          when discharging its responsibilities.                 incentive plan) are proposed under the New
 Gwyn Burr                                                                                                       Policy. Therefore, it is proposed that the
 Chair of the Remuneration Committee                                                                             structure of the current policy be effectively
                                                          Remuneration Policy review
                                                                                                                 rolled over for the next three-year policy period
                                                          This Report looks at how the current remuneration
                                                                                                                 – albeit updated to bring it into line with the
Dear Shareholder                                          policy (current policy) for Executive Directors has
                                                                                                                 Code and investor requirements on matters
                                                          been applied during 2019 and will also explain the
Following my appointment as Chair of Taylor                                                                      such as pension provision and post-employment
                                                          Committee’s thinking around the proposed new
Wimpey’s Remuneration Committee in April                                                                         shareholding requirements.
                                                          policy (New Policy) which, if approved by
2019, I am pleased to present the 2019 Directors’         shareholders, will apply from 2020 to 2022.            Under the proposed New Policy, the Committee
Remuneration Report for Taylor Wimpey.                                                                           has carefully considered pension arrangements
                                                          Our current policy has successfully accommodated
The Remuneration Committee (the Committee)                                                                       for Executive Directors. We propose to reduce
                                                          the significant changes that have taken place to
remains mindful of the continuing debate around                                                                  all Executive Directors’ pension contributions to
                                                          our business and its leadership during its
Executive Director remuneration from both                                                                        10%, which is the level of the pension
                                                          three-year term. Over a period of strong financial
a workforce and wider societal perspective.                                                                      contribution available to the majority of the
                                                          performance, we believe that there has been a
As a Committee we look to ensure that our                                                                        workforce. As this will be a reduction in the
                                                          clear and appropriate link between performance
remuneration policies and practices are directly                                                                 Executive Directors’ contractual entitlements,
                                                          and reward. We have administered the current
linked to the Company’s purpose and values;                                                                      the Committee proposes that this will be done
                                                          policy robustly including, for example, using
and to the successful delivery of our long term                                                                  over the next five years. Further details of how
                                                          Committee discretion to scale back 2017
strategy for the benefit of our shareholders and                                                                 this will be done can be found on pages 113,
                                                          Executive Director bonuses; and accordingly,
our wider stakeholders.                                                                                          116 and 121.



  Remuneration Committee Summary

  The Committee is chaired by Gwyn Burr.                  Main objective                                         –– Continued to encourage share ownership
  The Committee consists of three independent             To establish and maintain formal and transparent          across the business through participation in
  Non Executive Directors as required by the              procedures for developing policy on executive             our all-employee share plans.
  Code and also the Chair-designate and Chair             remuneration to deliver the Company’s strategy         –– Agreed the retirement arrangements for the
  of the Board. Its members are set out in the            and value for shareholders; to agree, monitor and         Group Legal Director and Company
  table below.                                            report on the remuneration of individual Directors        Secretary and agreed the fee for the
                                             Meetings     and senior executives; and to review wider                Chair-designate.
  Committee members                          attended
                                                          workforce remuneration and other policies in
  Gwyn Burr (Chair)(a)                            4/4                                                            2020 objectives
                                                          accordance with the 2018 Code.
  Kate Barker(b)                                  4/4
                                                                                                                 –– Implement the revised Remuneration Policy
  Kevin Beeston(c)                                4/4     2019 activities                                           (subject to shareholder approval at the
  Irene Dorner(d)                                 1/1                                                               2020 AGM).
                                                          –– Reviewed the Remuneration Policy and
  Angela Knight                                   4/4        developed a new Remuneration Policy for             –– Continue to consider the evolution of the
  (a) Appointed as Chair of the Committee on                 consideration at the 2020 AGM.                         performance conditions in line with the
      25 April 2019.                                      –– Reviewed and adopted updated Terms of                  business strategy.
  (b) Stood down as Chair of the Committee on
      25 April 2019.                                         Reference in line with the 2018 Code.               –– Monitor senior management remuneration in
  (c) To stand down from the Board on 26 February 2020.   –– Embedded ways in which employee views                  line with the Code.
  (d) Appointed to the Committee on 1 December 2019          were taken into account in relation to pay at
      and as Chair of the Company on 26 February 2020.
                                                             Board and senior management level.
                                                          –– Reviewed the performance conditions for the
                                                             EIS and PSP.


106     Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
The Committee has also reviewed the required           Wider workforce remuneration                         The Committee also encourages employee



                                                                                                                                                                      Governance
minimum level of share ownership (which is             The Committee took the wider workforce               share ownership across the business and is
200% of salary) and considers this to remain           remuneration policies and practices into             pleased that 57% of all employees either
appropriate for the New Policy, recognising that       consideration when determining the New Policy        participate in one or both of our all-employee
two of the three Executive Directors are building      for Executive Directors. We have also used both      share schemes, or are otherwise shareholders in
their shareholdings to this level and the value of     internal and external measures to ensure that it     the business.
the Chief Executive’s shareholding is significantly    remains appropriate (including pay gaps and pay
in excess of this minimum. In addition, in line        ratios). The Committee is comfortable that the       Shareholder engagement
with the Code and shareholder guidance, we are         incentives and rewards available to the wider        The Committee has continued its much-valued
introducing a post-employment shareholding             workforce are directly linked to the culture and     and long-established practice of engaging and
requirement for the Executive Directors to hold        strategy of Taylor Wimpey at all levels, including   consulting with its key institutional investors and
200% of salary, or their shareholding level at the     the Remuneration Policy for Executive Directors.     with shareholder representative bodies.
time of cessation if their 200% shareholding                                                                We are very grateful for the constructive
requirement has not yet been met, for at least         I was pleased to attend the National Employee
                                                                                                            engagement that has taken place with regard to
two years.                                             Forum (NEF) where I took the opportunity to
                                                                                                            both the proposed New Policy, performance
                                                       discuss the proposed New Policy and the wider
Overall, we believe that these changes represent                                                            during 2019, and remuneration proposals
                                                       remuneration policies and practices alignment
a sensible evolution of the current policy,                                                                 for 2020.
                                                       with executive pay more generally. I was
showing restraint and embracing the latest best        encouraged to see the level of engagement
practice requirements from both corporate              from the NEF employee members and look               Board changes
governance guidance and feedback from                  forward to further engagement with the NEF           The Committee considered the remuneration
shareholder engagement. Further details on the         in the near future.                                  arrangements in relation to the Board changes
proposed changes and why the Committee                                                                      that happened during 2019. These included the
believes the New Policy is in accordance with          Subject to shareholder approval at the 2020
                                                                                                            retirement arrangements for James Jordan as
the Code can be found on page 112.                     AGM, management will apply the New Policy
                                                                                                            Group Legal Director and Company Secretary
                                                       and review the Group’s overall remuneration
                                                                                                            and the appointment of Irene Dorner as
                                                       policies and incentive arrangements for the wider
                                                                                                            Chair-designate.
                                                       management team, to ensure a clear and
                                                       coherent policy cascade supporting the Group’s
                                                       strategy, throughout the policy period. The
                                                       Committee will be providing input and challenge
                                                       as part of this process.




Committee activities during 2019

February 2019                                                                   March 2019                               July 2019


–– Reviewed feedback from major          –– Reviewed and approved the           –– Approved the retirement               –– Initial consideration of the 2020
   shareholders on the remuneration         Remuneration Report for the            arrangements for James Jordan            Remuneration Policy update.
   consultation conducted in                Company’s 2018 Annual Report           (Group Legal Director and             –– Agreed the fee for Irene Dorner
   December 2018 around the                 and Accounts.                          Company Secretary)​and the               (Chair-designate)​.
   Company’s remuneration                –– Reviewed and approved the              remuneration of Alice Marsden
   proposals for 2019.                      EIS scheme rules, which had            (Group General Counsel and
–– Considered and approved the              been updated to include malus          Company Secretary).
   salary review proposals for 2019         and clawback.
   for the Executive Directors and the   –– Received an update from Korn
   wider executive team.                    Ferry and agreed the proposed
–– Considered and approved the              timeline in respect of the 2020
   outcome of the EIS for 2018 and of       Remuneration Policy update.
   the PSP Award vesting in 2019.        –– Received an overview of the
–– Considered and approved the              Company-wide remuneration
   Committee’s Terms of Reference           policies and practices.
   which had been updated in line
   with the Code.




www.taylorwimpey.co.uk                                                                                                                                         107
Remuneration continued




As announced on 28 March 2019, James                 2019 performance and incentive plan                   Full details of the performance targets and the
Jordan stepped down from the Board on                payments                                              results achieved for both the EIS and PSP can
31 December 2019. Remuneration paid to                                                                     be found on pages 125 and 126 of this report.
                                                     During the year, the current policy operated as
James during 2019, and until he retires from
                                                     intended in terms of Company performance and          The Committee looked at the broader
the business on 31 March 2020, is in
                                                     quantum. The EIS and PSP continued to                 circumstances in which performance against the
accordance with his contractual terms and the
                                                     operate with clearly defined performance              measures for both incentive plans has been
current policy which is consistent with the
                                                     conditions, which are set at the start of the         delivered and is comfortable that there has been
statement published on the Company’s website
                                                     relevant performance period.                          a strong link between reward and both financial
on 31 December 2019. Further details can be
                                                                                                           and operational performance. The Committee is
found on page 123.                                   Our trading performance during 2019 was
                                                                                                           also comfortable that there are no exceptional
                                                     very much in line with our expectations, against
As announced, our new Chair, Irene Dorner,                                                                 circumstances that require the consideration of
                                                     the backdrop of strong sales rates but also
has been appointed and from her accession to                                                               discretion to be applied.
                                                     ongoing political and macro-uncertainty. As a
the Chair of the Board on 26 February 2020
                                                     result the EIS outturn for 2019 was 50.6%
she will receive a fee of £320,000 per annum,
                                                     of the maximum.
                                                                                                           2020 remuneration approach and
the same as Kevin Beeston, her predecessor.                                                                alignment to strategic objectives
Irene joined the Board on 1 December 2019 as         The PSP award granted in 2017, which
                                                                                                           The Committee reviews the performance
a Non Executive Director and Chair-designate         measured performance up to the end of
                                                                                                           conditions for the Company’s incentive plans
and her fees were the same as our basic              2019 vested in part. Cash Conversion, Return
                                                                                                           each year to ensure that they remain appropriate
Non Executive Director fees until she became         on Net Operating Assets (RONOA) and Total
                                                                                                           and directly linked to our strategy. Therefore,
Chair. I am also pleased to have welcomed            Shareholder Return (TSR) against the FTSE 100
                                                                                                           following shareholder consultation, we have
Irene to the Committee and look forward to           vested in full, Operating Profit Margin partially
                                                                                                           taken the opportunity to update and refresh the
working with her in 2020 and beyond.                 vested and the TSR measure against the
                                                                                                           performance conditions used in both the EIS
                                                     housebuilder peer group did not vest. On this
                                                                                                           and PSP to ensure that they remain aligned to
                                                     basis, the performance against the five measures
                                                                                                           the Company’s long term strategy.
                                                     led to an overall vesting of 62.8% of the 2017
                                                     PSP Award.




October 2019                                                                December 2019


–– Further consideration of the Remuneration                                –– Final consideration of the proposed changes to be
   Policy update and the application of the policy                             made to the 2020 Remuneration Policy.
   to senior management​.                                                   –– Agreed the remuneration consultation letter to be sent
                                                                               to major shareholders and shareholder representative
                                                                               bodies setting out the proposed changes to be made
                                                                               for the 2020 Remuneration Policy.
                                                                            –– Considered reports from Korn Ferry on executive
                                                                               remuneration benchmarking.
                                                                            –– Considered a general governance update from Korn
                                                                               Ferry on remuneration considerations.
                                                                            –– Preliminary discussions on salary proposals for 2020;
                                                                               projected outcomes of the 2019 EIS and PSP Award
                                                                               vesting in 2020.
                                                                            –– Considered the performance measures and targets for
                                                                               the 2020 EIS and 2020 PSP Award.




108     Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
Customer Service                                                          In relation to the EIS performance measures:          The average salary increase being proposed



                                                                                                                                                                                                        Governance
As detailed in the Strategic Report on pages 24                           Group Operating Profit, Customer Service and          across the Company for 2020 is 2% and will
and 25 over the last two years there has been an                          Build Quality will remain for 2020; however,          apply with effect from 1 April 2020. This increase
increased emphasis on the business strategy                               Order Book and RONOA will be replaced by              will also apply to Pete Redfern, Chris Carney and
that places the customer front and centre in                              Cash Conversion and Operating Profit Margin.          Jennie Daly as well as to the wider senior
what Taylor Wimpey does. As a result, the                                 A focus on Operating Profit Margin will ensure a      management team.
Committee has decided to reflect this by                                  focus on our cost discipline and mitigate future
                                                                                                                                Finally, I’d like to take the opportunity to
including a customer service measure in each of                           build cost inflation. Further details on these two
                                                                                                                                thank Kate Barker for her stewardship of the
the EIS and PSP to ensure that customers                                  new measures can be found on page 122.
                                                                                                                                Remuneration Committee since 2016, and
remain the focus both in the short and longer                             The performance conditions to be used in the          Kevin Beeston for his wise counsel to the
term. A customer services measure has                                     PSP will retain TSR as a measure; however, to         Committee during his nine years of membership
operated in the EIS for several years; however,                           simplify the TSR element, the relative TSR            of the Committee.
this will be the first time that customer                                 measured against the FTSE 100 will no longer
performance is measured over the three-year                                                                                     I very much hope that you will feel able to
                                                                          be used. Instead 40% of the Award will focus
performance period in the PSP.                                                                                                  support our New Policy; the level of
                                                                          solely on our performance against a listed
                                                                                                                                remuneration paid with respect to 2019; and the
Healthy cash returns                                                      housebuilder peer group. Customer Service will
                                                                                                                                manner in which we propose to implement the
Cashflow is considered to be a critical measure                           replace Operating Profit Margin, but Cash
                                                                                                                                New Policy during 2020.
for the business as there continues to be a level                         Conversion will remain a measure for the 2020
of uncertainty in relation to the housing market.                         Award. This reduces the number of measures
Therefore, the Committee has decided that a                               that performance is measured against and
cashflow measure, Cash Conversion, will operate                           ensures a simpler, more direct link to strategy, in
in both the EIS and the PSP (Cash Conversion                              respect of the Award.
will be assessed as an aggregate across the full                          The targets for the performance conditions in         Gwyn Burr
three-year period for PSP) in 2020. This will                             both the EIS and PSP are stretching and               Chair of the Remuneration Committee
ensure that our priority remains converting our                           challenging and will not reward mediocre
profit into healthy cash returns and will provide                                                                               25 February 2020
                                                                          performance. Further details on the weightings
strong support for further dividend progression                           and targets for both incentive plans can be
over the medium term.                                                     found on page 122.




  Executive Directors’ total remuneration
  The chart below compares the 2019 single figure for total remuneration for each of the Executive Directors with the equivalent figure for 2018.

  Executive                       Single total remuneration figure (£’000)
  Director
  Pete Redfern
                           2019                                            38%                       22%                         40%   £3,023
  Chief Executive

                           2018                                           34%                                        37%                   29%      £3,272

  Chris Carney                                                                                                                                   Appointed to Board on 20 April 2018
                           2019                     44%           27%            29%   £1,237
  Group Finance Director                                                                                                                         See page 124 for single figure of remuneration

                           2018             40%                 43% 17%     £963

  James Jordan                                                                                                                                   Stood down from the Board on
                           2019                     39%          21%                   40%      £1,440
  Group Legal Director                                                                                                                           31 December 2019
  and Company
  Secretary                2018                     35%                   36%             29%      £1,549

  Jennie Daly                                                                                                                                    Appointed to Board on 20 April 2018
                           2019                    51%          31% 18%      £987
  Group Operations                                                                                                                               See page 124 for single figure of remuneration
  Director
                           2018         41%         46%           13% £653

                                  £0                                    £1,000                              £2,000                £3,000                                   £4,000

                                       Fixed pay          EIS       PSP




www.taylorwimpey.co.uk                                                                                                                                                                           109
               Remuneration continued



               Remuneration at a glance

               Application of the current Remuneration Policy in 2019


               Policy elements      Award timeline                                                       Purpose                          ​ Measure                  Strategic   KPI   Stakeholders
                                                                                                                                                                     goal
                                            Year 1       Year 2       Year 3       Year 4       Year 5

                Executive           ​            ​            ​            ​            ​                To reward the achievement of ​ Operating Profit*            ​           ​     ​
                                                                                                         stretching objectives that
                Incentive
                                                                                                         support the Company’s          RONOA*                       ​           ​     ​
                Scheme                                                                                   annual and strategic goals
                (Annual                                                                                                                 Order Book                   ​           ​     ​
                bonus)
                                                                                                                                            Customer Service         ​           ​     ​
                (EIS)


Variable Pay
                                                                                                                                            Build Quality            ​           ​     ​

                Long Term           ​            ​            ​            ​            ​                To assist with retention and    ​ TSR v Peer Group          ​           ​     ​
                                                                                                         the incentivisation and
                Incentive
                                                                                                         motivation of senior executives TSR v FTSE 100              ​           ​     ​
                Plan (PSP)                                                                               to deliver long term returns to
                                                                                                         shareholders                      Cash Conversion*          ​           ​     ​

                                                                                                                                            Operating Profit Margin* ​           ​     ​

                                                                                                                                            RONOA*                   ​           ​     ​

                Base                ​            ​            ​            ​            ​                To recruit and reward            ​ ​                        ​           ​     ​
                                                                                                         executives of a suitable calibre
                salary
                                                                                                         for the role and duties required




                Benefits            ​            ​            ​            ​            ​                To provide a competitive       ​ ​                          ​           ​     ​
                                                                                                         package of benefits to assist
                                                                                                         with recruitment and retention
                                                                                                         of staff

Fixed Pay




                Pension                 ​            ​            ​            ​            ​            To provide competitive         ​ ​                          ​           ​     ​
                                                                                                         retirement benefits that
                                                                                                         represent an appropriate level
                                                                                                         of cost and risk for the
                                                                                                         Group’s shareholders




                     Performance period                  Deferral / holding periods

               ** Read more about our financial definitions on page 58.




                     Read more about our strategic                             Read more about our KPIs on                             Read more about our stakeholders
                     goals on page 24                                          pages 25 to 29                                          on pages 32 to 43




               110      Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
Executive Directors’ remuneration in 2019
                                                                                                                                                                                 Governance
2019 EIS outcome                                                   2017 PSP outcome
                                                                                                                                           Remuneration
                                                                                                                                           across Taylor
                                                                                                                                           Wimpey
                                                                                                                                           ​Workforce
                                                                                                                                            remuneration

                                                                                                                                           “Rewards available
                                                                                                                                            to the wider workforce
                                                                                                                                            are directly linked to the
                                                                                                                                            culture and strategy of
    ​                       ​ Weighting     Outcome                    ​                      ​ Weighting     Outcome                       Taylor Wimpey at
​       Operating Profit           40%       14.9%                 ​       TSR v Peer Group         30%              0%
                                                                                                                                            all levels.”
​       RONOA                      20%       12.1%                 ​       TSR v FTSE 100           20%          20%
​       Order Book                 10%          7.3%               ​       Cash Conversion          15%          15%​                      Gwyn Burr, Chair of the
​       Customer Service           20%          6.3%                       Operating Profit                                                Remuneration Committee
​       Build Quality              10%          10%                ​       Margin                   15%         7.8%
                                                                   ​       RONOA                    20%          20%                           Read more about wider
                                                                                                                                               workforce remuneration on
                                                                                                                                               page 118
2019 actual remuneration v 2019 on target potential
(£000’s)                                                                                                                                   Gender pay reporting

Pete Redfern                                                                                                                               “We are passionate about
Chief Executive
                                                                                                                                            attracting, developing

£3,023                                                                                                                                      and retaining a diverse
                                                                                                                                            range of talent, and
                                                                                                                                            ensuring a culture where,
    40%
                                                                                                                                            regardless of
                                                                                                                                            background, each
                                                                                                                                            person thrives to meet
                                                                                                                                            their potential.”
                £2,181
                                                                                                                                           Anne Billson-Ross,
                  18%                                              James Jordan                                                            Group HR Director
                                                                   Group Legal Director and
                                                                   Company Secretary
                                      Chris Carney
                                                                                                                                           2% Mean Pay Gap
    22%           30%                 Group Finance Director
                                                                   £1,440                                                                  The mean pay for women is

                                      £1,237
                                                                                                        Jennie Daly
                                                                                                                                           2% lower than that of men
                                                                                                        Group Operations Director
                                                                                                                                           (2018: 6%)

                                                                                                        £987
                                                                       40%

                                          29%                                      £1,049
                                                       £989
    38%           52%
                                                                                    17%                                   £859             -4% Median Pay Gap
                                                        12%                                                 18%            XX%
                                                                                                                                      7%   The median pay for women is
                                          27%           33%            21%          29%                                                    4% higher than that of men
                                                                                                            31%            35%
                                                                                                                                           (2018: 0%)

                                          44%           55%            39%          54%
                                                                                                                                               Read the Company’s
                                                                                                            51%            58%                 Gender Pay Report at
                                                                                                                                               www.taylorwimpey.co.uk


    2019         2019                     2019          2019           2019        2019                     2019           2019
    Actual      On target                 Actual       On target       Actual     On target                 Actual        On target

        Fixed salary         EIS          PSP
www.taylorwimpey.co.uk                                                                                                                                                    111
Remuneration continued




​Proposed remuneration policy summary (the New Policy)
How will the New Policy align with the wider Company remuneration policy?
The Committee received an update on wider workforce remuneration and related policies and took this into account when determining the proposed
changes to the current policy.
The Committee is satisfied that the incentives and rewards available to the wider workforce are directly linked to the culture and strategy at
Taylor Wimpey at all levels.
In addition, the Committee Chair attended the Taylor Wimpey National Employee Forum (the NEF) and discussed the proposed changes to the
remuneration policy. Further information can be found on page 118.

How will the New Policy align with the 2018 UK Corporate Governance Code (the Code)?
It is proposed that the structure of the policy will be updated to bring it into line with the Code, which applied with effect from 1 January 2019,
and investor requirements.
The Code sets out principles against which the Committee should determine the policy for executives, as follows:
Principle                                                                 ​ Committee approach
Clarity – remuneration arrangements should be transparent             ​ –– We have operated a consistent approach which is well understood internally by
and promote effective engagement with shareholders and                     executives and externally with strong levels of shareholder support
the workforce                                                           –– We have consulted the NEF (the Taylor Wimpey workforce advisory panel) on
                                                                           our proposed changes to the remuneration policy. Further information on the
                                                                           NEF can be found on page 78
Simplicity – remuneration structures should avoid complexity and ​ –– There is, naturally, more complexity for Executive Director remuneration
their rationale and operation should be easy to understand                 packages in order to ensure a robust link to performance and avoid reward for
                                                                           failure and to comply with investor and Code requirements, but this aside they
                                                                           have been designed to be as simple as possible
                                                                        –– Where possible we cascade the remuneration policy down throughout the
                                                                           remuneration practices in the business consistent with the shareholder
                                                                           approved policy
Risk – remuneration arrangements should ensure that potential         ​ –– We have mitigated these risks through careful plan design, including long term
reputational and other risks arising from excessive rewards, and           performance measurement, deferral and shareholding requirements (including
behavioural risks that can arise from target-based incentive plans,        post cessation of employment) and discretion and clawback provisions
are identified and mitigated
Predictability – the range of possible values of rewards              ​ –– We look carefully at the range of likely performance outcomes when setting
to individual directors and any other limits or discretions should be      performance target ranges for threshold, target and maximum payouts and
identified and explained at the time of approving the policy               have used discretion where necessary
Proportionality – the link between individual awards, the delivery ​ –– Incentive plans are determined based on a proportion of base salary so there is
of strategy and the long term performance of the company should            a sensible balance between fixed pay and performance-linked elements
be clear. Outcomes should not reward poor performance                   –– Performance conditions are all linked to the business strategy. There is no
                                                                           personal performance element as we feel that the annual appraisal process is a
                                                                           better mechanism to review personal performance and development
                                                                        –– There are provisions to override the formula-driven outcome of incentive plans,
                                                                           as well as deferral and clawback mechanisms to ensure that poor performance
                                                                           is not rewarded
Alignment to culture – incentive schemes should drive                 ​ –– Bonus plans operate widely throughout the Company and are reviewed by the
behaviours consistent with company purpose, values and strategy            Committee to ensure consistency with Company purpose, values and strategy




112         Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
               ​Proposed changes to the current policy
                                                                                                                                                                                  Governance
               ​                   ​ Summary of current policy                                           ​   Proposed change and rationale                                    ​

                   Executive       ​ –– Maximum EIS opportunity is 150% of base salary and target        ​   –– Specific provision to be incorporated for the Committee to be ​
                   Incentive           is 75%                                                                   able to use discretion to override a formula-driven outcome in
                   Scheme           –– Performance measures and targets are set at the beginning                exceptional circumstances​
                   (Annual             of each year and are based on a scorecard of designated
                   bonus) (EIS)        objectives to meet annual and strategic goals
                                    –– One-third of any EIS payable is deferred into shares and held
                                       in trust on the Executive Director’s behalf for three years
                                    –– Dividends will accrue during the three-year deferral period
                                    –– Malus and clawback mechanism applies for three years post


Variable Pay
                                       the payment date​

                   Long Term       ​ –– Annual PSP Award. Maximum award is 200% of base salary           ​   –– Specific provision to be incorporated for the Committee to be ​
                   Incentive           and threshold performance would pay out 40% of base salary               able to use discretion to override a formula-driven outcome in
                   Plan (PSP)       –– Performance conditions and targets are set at the beginning              exceptional circumstances
                                       of the three-year performance period and are stretching and           –– In line with best practice, the PSP has operated a compulsory
                                       appropriate for the medium term                                          two-year holding period since 2018, however this will now be
                                    –– Dividends accrue during the performance period and                       specifically incorporated into the New Policy
                                       holding period
                                    –– Malus and clawback mechanism applies for three years
                                       post vesting
                                    –– Two-year holding period post vesting

                   Base            ​ –– Salaries are reviewed annually although there is no automatic ​      –– No change proposed                                            ​
                   salary              entitlement to an increase
                                    –– The maximum annual salary increase will not normally
                                       exceed the average increase which applies across the
                                       wider workforce

                   Benefits        ​ –– Benefits include: company-provided car or a cash                 ​   –– No change proposed                                            ​
                                       allowance, provision of a fuel card, life assurance and private
                                       medical insurance

Fixed Pay          Pension         ​ –– Pension benefits are provided through one or more of the         ​   –– Incumbent Executive Directors pension contributions will be ​
                                       following arrangements: defined contributions; defined benefit           reduced in broadly equal increments over a period of five
                                       arrangements; or a cash allowance                                        years to 10% which is the pension contribution available to
                                    –– Pete Redfern, Chris Carney and Jennie Daly receive a                     the majority of the wider workforce
                                       pension contribution of 24.05%, 20% and 20% respectively              –– The first reduction will take effect on 1 April 2020 and Pete
                                                                                                                Redfern, Chris Carney and Jennie Daly will receive a pension
                                                                                                                contribution of 21.24%, 18% and 18% respectively
                                                                                                             –– New Executive Directors’ pension contributions will be in line
                                                                                                                with the usual contribution of the wider workforce

                   Shareholding ​ –– Executive Directors must build a holding of shares worth      ​ –– To increase transparency and reduce complexity, the               ​
                   guidelines        100% of salary within five years and then the balance to           guidelines will be simplified so that the time frame is removed
                                     200% of salary at a timeframe agreed with the Chair                and Directors must retain not less than 50% of any vested
                                  –– Executives must retain no less than 50% of any vested PSP          PSP award or EIS deferred shares until the 200% of salary
                                     award or EIS deferred shares until these guideline thresholds      shareholding level is achieved
                                     are achieved​                                                   –– A post-employment shareholding requirement will require
                                                                                                        Executive Directors to hold 200% of salary, or their shareholding
                                                                                                        level at the time of cessation if their 200% shareholding
                                                                                                        requirement has not yet been met, for at least two years. To help
                                                                                                        facilitate this, there will be no early vesting of deferred bonus
                                                                                                        shares, or PSP awards on leaving (either unvested or vested
                                                                                                        shares and the two-year holding period will continue to apply in
                                                                                                        respect of these), other than in exceptional circumstances​


               www.taylorwimpey.co.uk                                                                                                                                     113
Remuneration continued




Introduction                                         The Regulations require that the Company’s             Policy overview
This Report has been prepared to comply with         auditors report to shareholders on certain parts of    A key part of the Committee’s role is to ensure
the provisions of the Companies Act 2006 and         this Report and state whether in their opinion those   that the remuneration of Executive Directors and
other applicable legislation, including the Large    parts have been properly prepared in accordance        senior management is aligned to the Company’s
and Medium-Sized Companies and Groups                with the requirements. The Remuneration Policy         strategic objectives. It is, of course, key that the
(Accounts and Reports) Regulations 2008              Report, which describes the Committee’s current        Company is able to attract and retain leaders
(as amended) (Regulations), and has also been        Remuneration Policy for Executive Directors and        who are focused and also appropriately
prepared in line with the recommendations of         which has applied since its approval by                incentivised to deliver the Company’s strategic
the 2018 UK Corporate Governance Code (the           shareholders on 27 April 2017, contains unaudited      objectives within a framework which is aligned
Code) and the UK Listing Authority Listing Rules.    information. Some elements of the Annual Report        with the long term interests of the Company’s
                                                     on Remuneration, which describes how the               shareholders. This alignment is achieved through
This Report has been prepared by the                 Committee has implemented its existing policy in       a combination of: deferral into shares of a
Remuneration Committee on behalf of                  2019, contain audited information.                     percentage of the EIS; a two-year retention
the Board.
                                                                                                            period for vested PSP awards; share ownership
The 2019 Remuneration Report includes                Remuneration Policy Report                             guidelines which require executives to build up
disclosures which reflect in full the Regulations                                                           holdings of Taylor Wimpey shares, either directly
                                                     Unaudited information
on remuneration reporting, divided into                                                                     or by retaining vested PSP share awards and
two sections:                                        The Company’s current Remuneration Policy              deferred EIS amounts; and also now requiring
                                                     was subject to a binding shareholder vote at the       shares to be retained by the Executive after they
–– Remuneration Policy Report: this sets out the     2017 AGM of the Company and was approved
   new Remuneration Policy that will be                                                                     have ceased employment.
                                                     by 98% of shareholders who voted. The
   proposed to shareholders at the 2020 AGM,         three-year life of that policy will expire at the      The above requirements ensure that a significant
   describing the framework within which the         2020 AGM and we are required to seek binding           percentage of the overall remuneration package
   Company remunerates its Directors. The            shareholder approval for a new policy.                 of Executive Directors and senior management is
   Policy will apply, if approved by shareholders,                                                          subject to performance. With all packages for
   for a period of three years from the date         The New Policy is designed to ensure that the          Executive Directors substantially geared towards
   of the 2020 AGM or until a revised Policy         remuneration framework will support and drive          meeting challenging targets set under the
   is approved by shareholders if sooner.            the Taylor Wimpey strategy forward by both             EIS and PSP, the Committee believes that the
   Any existing remuneration commitments or          challenging and motivating the Executive               pay and beneﬁts of its Executive Directors and
   contractual arrangements, such as historical      Directors and the senior management team to            senior management adequately balance reward
   share awards, agreed prior to the approval        deliver it, and this will drive value for our          and risk.
   and implementation of this Policy in              shareholders whilst having due regard to our
                                                     other stakeholders. The New Policy is set              In line with best practice, the Committee ensures
   accordance with any policy in place
                                                     out on pages 115 to 117 and is also available          that the incentive structure for Executive
   at the time, namely before 23 April 2020,
                                                     to view on the Company’s website at                    Directors and senior management will not raise
   will be honoured in accordance with their
                                                     www.taylorwimpey.co.uk/corporate/                      environmental, social or governance (ESG) risks
   original terms.
                                                     our-company/governance.                                by inadvertently motivating irresponsible
–– Annual Report on Remuneration: this sets out                                                             behaviour. More generally, the Committee under
   how the Company’s existing Remuneration           The main changes proposed by the Committee             its Terms of Reference may, where it considers
   Policy was applied during 2019 and how            in the New Policy are summarised and set out           appropriate, take ESG matters into account
   it is proposed that the New Policy will be        on page 113.                                           when considering the overall remuneration
   implemented during 2020. The Annual Report                                                               structure and as part of its overall discretion.
   on Remuneration will be subject to an advisory
   resolution at the AGM on 23 April 2020.
   Details of the resolution and its status as an                                                           ​
   advisory vote are set out in the Notes to the
   Notice of Meeting on page 198.




114     Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
Proposed New Policy
                                                                                                                                                                           Governance
Element      ​ Purpose and link to strategy   ​ Operation                                      Maximum                                         Performance targets

 Salary      ​ To recruit and reward          ​ Salaries are normally reviewed annually to     The maximum annual salary increase will         Company
               executives of a suitable         ensure that they remain positioned             not normally exceed the average increase        and individual
               calibre for the role and         appropriately. There is no automatic           which applies across the wider workforce.       performance are
               duties required.                 entitlement to an increase each year.          However, larger increases may be awarded        factors considered
                                                                                               in certain circumstances including but not      when reviewing
                                               Salary level and increases take into account
                                                                                               limited to:                                     salaries.
                                               the following:
                                                                                               –– Increase in scope or responsibilities of
                                               –– The performance, role and responsibility
                                                                                                  the role.
                                                  of each individual Director.
                                                                                               –– To apply salary progression for a newly /
                                               –– The economic climate, general market
                                                                                                  recently appointed Director.
                                                  conditions and the performance of
                                                  the Company.                                 –– Where the Director’s salary has fallen
                                                                                                  below the market positioning.
                                               –– The level of pay awards across the rest of
                                                  the business.
                                               –– Salary levels in comparably-sized
                                                  companies and other major housebuilders.

 Chair of    ​ The Chair’s and              ​ Fees consist of a single consolidated fee for Aggregate annual limit of £1 million imposed N/A
 the Board     Non Executive Directors’       the Chair, an annual fee for the other Non    by the Company’s Articles of Association.
 and Non       fees should be in line with Executives and additional fees for roles such
 Executive     recognised best practice       as the Chair of the Audit Committee, Chair
 Director      and be sufficient to attract of the Remuneration Committee and Senior
 fees          and retain high calibre        Independent Director.
               non executives.
                                              Set by reference to the responsibilities
                                              undertaken by the non executive, taking into
                                              account that each Non Executive Director is
                                              expected to be a member of the Nomination
                                              Committee and / or the Audit Committee
                                              and / or Remuneration Committee.
                                               Reviewed periodically but generally annually
                                               and at least every other year. Takes into
                                               account levels in comparably-sized
                                               companies and other major housebuilders.
                                               Non Executive Directors do not participate in
                                               any incentive, share scheme, benefits-in-kind
                                               or pension arrangements.

 Other       ​ Provides a competitive         ​ The main benefits offered:                     The value of a company-provided car             N/A
 benefits,     package of beneﬁts to                                                           or a cash allowance in lieu is of a level
                                               –– Company-provided car or a cash
 including     assist with recruitment                                                         appropriate to the individual’s role and
                                                  allowance in lieu.
 benefits-     and retention of staff.                                                         is subject to review from time to time.
 in-kind                                       –– Provision of a fuel card.                    The fuel card covers the cost of all fuel,
                                               –– Life assurance.                              for both business and personal use.
                                               –– Private medical insurance.
                                                                                               Life assurance of up to four times
                                               –– A 5% discount on the price of a new          basic salary.
                                                  home acquired from the Group.
                                                                                               For home purchases, the price discount is
                                                                                               calculated at the plot release price less the
                                                                                               average discount to third party buyers for
                                                                                               that house type on that development, less a
                                                                                               further 5% employee discount. No more
                                                                                               than one home per annum can be acquired
                                                                                               at a discount under the scheme; and no
                                                                                               more than three homes can be acquired in
                                                                                               a five-year period. The maximum discount
                                                                                               over a five-year period is £100,000.




www.taylorwimpey.co.uk                                                                                                                                              115
Remuneration continued




Element          ​ Purpose and link to strategy   ​ Operation                                         Maximum                                         ​ Performance targets

 Executive       ​ Rewards the achievement ​ EIS awards are determined by the                         The maximum EIS opportunity for Executive ​ The EIS measures
 Incentive         of stretching financial     Committee after the year end, based on                 Directors is set at 150% of salary. Target is are based on a
 Scheme            performance targets and     annual performance against targets set at              set at 75% of salary and threshold at 0%.     scorecard of
 (EIS)             other objectives that       the beginning of each year.                                                                          designated key
                   support the Company’s                                                                                                            annual financial,
                                               One-third of any EIS is payable in shares
                   annual and strategic goals.                                                                                                      operational and
                                               which are held in trust for three years.
                                                                                                                                                    environmental
                   Compulsory deferral in
                                               A malus and clawback mechanism applies                                                               measures.
                   shares further aligns the
                                               to all participants in the event of a material
                   interests of Directors with
                                               misstatement of the Group’s accounts,
                   shareholders.
                                               error, misconduct, reputational damage or
                                               corporate failure. The discovery period for
                                               the event that would give rise to the
                                               clawback is three years from the date
                                               of payment.

 Performance ​ Annual grants of           ​ Executive Directors and other designated                  The maximum award (currently in            ​ The performance
 Share         share-based long term        senior executives can receive annual                      performance shares) is normally over shares conditions are aligned
 Plan (PSP)    incentives assist with       PSP awards.                                               with a face value of 200% of salary.         to the long term
               retention, incentivisation                                                             In exceptional circumstances this can be     business strategy.
                                            PSP awards provide alignment with
               and motivation of senior                                                               increased up to 300% of salary.
                                            shareholders as they deliver (subject to                                                               The Committee may
               executives to achieve
                                            meeting performance conditions) the full                                                               vary the measures
               long term sustainable
                                            value of the shares, which can increase and                                                            that are included in
               returns for shareholders.
                                            decrease in value over the three-year                                                                  the plan and the
               A post-vest holding period
                                            performance period.                                                                                    weightings between
               helps align the interests
                                                                                                                                                   the measures from
               of senior executives with    The value of dividends or other distributions
                                                                                                                                                   year to year.
               those of the Company’s       will accrue during the performance and
               shareholders.                holding periods and will be received with                                                                  Awards vest at 20%
                                            any shares that vest in favour of participants                                                             for threshold
                                            after the applicable performance period.                                                                   performance.
                                            Dividends will normally be accrued and paid
                                            in shares.
                                                   Performance measures are normally
                                                   measured over three financial years.
                                                   A malus and clawback mechanism applies to
                                                   all participants in the event of a material
                                                   misstatement of the Group’s accounts, error,
                                                   misconduct, reputational damage or corporate
                                                   failure. The discovery period for the event that
                                                   would give rise to the clawback is three years
                                                   from the date of payment.

 Pension         ​ The Company aims to        ​ Pension beneﬁts are provided through one              Pete Redfern: cash allowance in 2020 of      ​ N/A
                   provide competitive          or more of the following arrangements:                21.24% of salary and then reducing
                   retirement beneﬁts that                                                            annually thereafter by 2.81% of salary until
                                                –– Personal Choice Plan;
                   represent an appropriate                                                           the pension rate is the same as the majority
                   level of cost and risk for   –– Taylor Wimpey Pension Scheme;                      of the workforce.
                   the Group’s shareholders. –– or as a cash allowance.
                                                                                                      Chris Carney and Jennie Daly: cash
                  Over five years the pension                                                         allowance of 18% of salary in 2020 and
                  contributions will reduce                                                           then reducing annually thereafter by 2% of
                  to the level of the                                                                 salary until the pension rate is the same as
                  workforce pension.                                                                  the majority of the workforce.
                                                                                                      Company contributions to any pension
                                                                                                      scheme in respect of a new Executive
                                                                                                      Director will be in line with the pension
                                                                                                      contribution rate applying to the majority of
                                                                                                      the workforce, currently 10% of salary.




116       Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
Element                ​ Purpose and link to strategy     ​ Operation                                       ​ Maximum                                         ​ Performance targets




                                                                                                                                                                                            Governance
   All-employee ​ All employees including     ​ The Sharesave plan and SIP have standard ​ Sharesave: Employees can elect for a        ​ N/A
   share          Executive Directors are       terms under which all UK employees with at savings contract of either three or ﬁve
   schemes        encouraged to become          least three months’ service can participate. years, with a maximum monthly saving set
                  shareholders through the                                                   by legislation or by HMRC. Options can be
                  operation of all-employee                                                  exercised during the six months following
                  share plans such as the                                                    the end of the contract.
                  HMRC tax-advantaged
                                                                                             SIP: Employees can elect to contribute an
                  Sharesave plan and a
                                                                                             amount per month or per tax year by one
                  Share Incentive Plan (SIP).
                                                                                             or more lump sums.
                                                                                                             The maximum saving or contribution level is
                                                                                                             set by legislation or Government from time
                                                                                                             to time and the Committee reserves the right
                                                                                                             to increase contribution levels to reflect any
                                                                                                             approved Government legislative changes.

   Shareholding ​ Encourages greater levels ​ Executive Directors are expected to achieve                   ​ Executive Directors: 200% of salary             ​ N/A
   guidelines     of shareholding and aligns and maintain a holding of the Company’s
                  employees’ interests with   shares at least equal to 200% of salary and
                  those of shareholders.      until this level is achieved, are required to
                                              retain no less than 50% of the value of any
                                              vested EIS or PSP awards, after tax.
                                                            A post-employment shareholding requirement
                                                            will require Executive Directors to hold 200%
                                                            of salary, or their shareholding level at the
                                                            time of cessation if their 200% shareholding
                                                            requirement has not yet been met, for at
                                                            least two years. This requirement may be
                                                            reduced by the Committee in exceptional
                                                            circumstances, such as serious ill-health.

The Committee may amend this shareholder approved policy to take account of changes to legislation, taxation and other supplemental and
administrative matters without the necessity to seek shareholder approval for those changes.

Illustration of the Remuneration Policy for 2020
The charts below illustrate the level and mix of remuneration based on the Remuneration Policy depending on the achievement of below target,
target and maximum for the Executive Directors under the policy.

                               Pete Redfern                                                Chris Carney                                                 Jennie Daly
                               Chief Executive                                         Group Finance Director                                    Group Operations Director
            6,000          £1,138     £2,157     £4,224                                 £550     £1,061     £2,098                                  £502       £968     £1,914


            5,000                                         £5,098


            4,000
                                                  41%
            3,000

(£000’s)
                                                                                                                     £2,537
                                                                                                                                                                                 £2,314
            2,000                      16%
                                                  32%
                                                                                                             42%
                                       31%                                                                                                                                42%
                                                                                                     16%                                                          16%
            1,000                                                                                            32%                                                          32%
                                                                                                  32%                                                          32%
                            100%       53%        27%
                                                                                        100%      52%        26%                                    100%       52%        26%
                  0
                           Below      Target    Maximum                                Below    Target      Maximum                                Below      Target    Maximum
                           target                                                      target                                                      target
           Fixed pay     EIS          PSP           50% share price growth on LTIP

1. Salary is £891,644, £447,372 and £408,000 for Pete Redfern, Chris Carney and Jennie Daly, respectively with effect from 1 April 2020 (see page 121 for further details).
2. Benefits are £54,000, £20,000 and £18,000 for Pete Redfern, Chris Carney and Jennie Daly, respectively, being the 2019 value (see page 121 for further details).
3. Pension is 21.24% for Pete Redfern and 18% for Chris Carney and Jennie Daly with effect from 1 April 2020.
4. For the EIS the target and maximum award is 75% and 150% of base salary, respectively.
5. For the PSP the target (assumed for these purposes to be at threshold performance) and maximum are 40% and 200% of base salary, respectively.

www.taylorwimpey.co.uk                                                                                                                                                               117
Remuneration continued




Committee discretion                                                            Remuneration Policy for the wider workforce
The Committee recognises that the exercise of discretion must be                When setting the policy for Executive Directors, the Committee is made
undertaken in a careful and considered way as it is an area that will quite     fully aware of pay structures across the workforce. In addition, the
rightly come under scrutiny from shareholders and other stakeholders. The       Committee will conduct a formal review of relevant elements of
Committee confirms that any exercise of discretion in such circumstances        remuneration across the Group and for all levels of employee at least every
would be within the available discretions set out in this Report and that the   three years as part of its Remuneration Policy review.
maximum levels available under any relevant plans would not be exceeded.
                                                                                Virtually all of the Company’s employees participate in incentive arrangements.
There would be full disclosure in the following Directors’ Remuneration
Report and major investors would be consulted if necessary.                     Many of our employees can elect to take their performance-related
                                                                                payment in Taylor Wimpey shares (and benefit from a 20% uplift) rather
With regard to both the EIS and the PSP, the Committee, consistent with
                                                                                than in cash, further enhancing the link and alignment between shareholder
market practice, retains discretion over a number of areas relating to the
                                                                                value and employee reward throughout the Company, which both the
operation and administration of these plans but in all cases within the
                                                                                Company and the Committee consider important. Alternatively, employees
applicable scheme rules.
                                                                                can elect to invest their performance-related payment into their pension
                                                                                and will therefore benefit from tax efficiencies.
How shareholder views are taken into account
                                                                                The Company also offers both Sharesave and Share Incentive schemes to
The Remuneration Committee appreciates and considers very seriously all
                                                                                all eligible UK employees with more than three months’ service and is
shareholder feedback received in relation to remuneration each year and
                                                                                delighted with the level of participation from across the business.
guidance from shareholder representative bodies more generally.
Shareholder views are key inputs when shaping the Remuneration Policy
and the Committee welcomes any comment or feedback on any aspects
                                                                                How performance measures were chosen
of remuneration and will always consider and respond.                           The performance metrics that are used for each of the short term and long
                                                                                term incentive plans have been selected to reflect the Group’s key
The Committee regularly engages with its largest shareholders and
                                                                                strategic goals and are designed to align the Executive Directors’ and
shareholder representative bodies regarding the ongoing Remuneration
                                                                                senior management’s interests with those of the Company’s shareholders.
Policy and implementation, and will take into account any feedback when
                                                                                The Committee consults with major shareholders where any significant
determining any changes that might apply. The last such consultation took
                                                                                changes are proposed.
place in January 2020 and included the proposed changes to the
Remuneration Policy and the performance targets and weightings of both          Directionally we propose to move to a broader scorecard approach
the EIS and PSP.                                                                including a more equal balance of financial and non-financial measures,
                                                                                including environmental ones. However, for 2021 our priorities are margin
The Committee follows the principles of good governance relating to
                                                                                improvement and cashflow and so we propose that these measures
Directors’ remuneration as set out in the Principles and Provisions of the
                                                                                should be incorporated into the plans for 2020 and therefore the use of
Code. The Committee reviews and takes into account governance-related
                                                                                cashflow as a measure will be included on both plans in the short to
developments and guidance that arise, on an ongoing basis.
                                                                                medium term.

How our employees’ voice is taken into account                                  The Committee will continue to review the choice of performance
                                                                                measures and the appropriateness of the performance targets each year.
The Committee supports and welcomes the introduction of the ‘employee
                                                                                Targets are set based on a sliding scale that takes account of internal
voice’ initiative.
                                                                                planning and external market expectations for the Company. Maximum
The Taylor Wimpey National Employee Forum (NEF) was established in              rewards require substantial out-performance of our challenging plans
2017 and continues to work with members of the Group Management                 approved at the start of each year, with a significantly lower level of
Team and build upon the existing business wide regional Employee                rewards available for delivering threshold performance levels.
Consultation Committee structure.
                                                                                For further information on the 2020 performance measures for the EIS and
As part of the remuneration policy update, Gwyn Burr attended the NEF in        PSP see page 122.
her capacity as Chair of the Remuneration Committee. During the meeting
Gwyn explained the corporate governance process more generally and the
role of the Committee in setting pay and undertaking the remuneration
policy review for Executive Directors. The meeting also discussed how
executive remuneration aligns with the wider company pay practices and
policies. The NEF were encouraged to hear that it was proposed that the
Executive Directors pension entitlements would be reduced to be aligned
with those available to the wider workforce.
The feedback received from the NEF was positive and they confirmed that
the session was clear and extremely informative.




118     Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
External non Executive Director positions                                        Directors’ contracts and policy on payments for loss


                                                                                                                                                                     Governance
Subject to Board approval and provided that such appointments fall within        of office
the general requirements of the Code (and do not give rise to any conflict       It is the Company’s policy that Executive Directors should have contracts
issues which cannot be managed by the Board and the Executive                    of employment providing for a maximum of one year’s notice either way.
Director), Executive Directors are permitted to take on one non executive        Name                                Date of appointment             Notice period
position with another company. Executive Directors are permitted to retain       Pete Redfern                         12 July 2007                  12-months
their fees in respect of such positions.
                                                                                 Chris Carney                         20 April 2018                 12-months
Details of any external positions held by the Executive Directors can be         Jennie Daly                          20 April 2018                 12-months
found in their biographies on pages 66 and 67.
                                                                                 Pete Redfern, Chris Carney and Jennie Daly are proposed for re-election at
Remuneration policy on recruitment or promotion                                  the 2020 AGM and each will have at that date an unexpired service
                                                                                 contract term of one year. As has previously been noted, James Jordan
Base salary levels will be set in accordance with the Remuneration Policy,
                                                                                 stood down from the Board on 31 December 2019 and will not be seeking
taking into account the experience and calibre of the individual. Where
                                                                                 re-election.
appropriate, the Company may offer a below market salary initially with a
view to making above market and workforce increases over a number of             Each of the Executive Directors’ service contracts provides for:
years to reach the desired salary positioning, subject to individual and         –– The payment of a base salary
Company performance. Benefits will be provided in line with those offered
                                                                                 –– An expensed company car or a cash allowance in lieu; a fuel allowance;
to other Executive Directors and pension will be provided in line with the
                                                                                    life assurance; and private medical insurance
wider workforce, and relocation expenses will be provided if necessary.
Tax equalisation may also be considered if an executive is adversely             –– Employer’s contribution to a pension
affected by taxation due to their employment with the Company. Legal             –– A notice period by either side of 12 months
fees and other costs incurred by the individual may also be paid by the          –– A provision requiring a Director to mitigate losses on termination
Company, if considered appropriate and reasonable to do so.                      Each service contract contains the following performance-related
The variable pay elements that may be offered will be subject to the             provisions:
maximum levels described in the policy table on pages 115 to 117. The            –– Participation in the EIS
Company may also consider applying different performance measures if it
                                                                                 –– Participation in one or more long term incentive plan
feels these more appropriately meet the strategic objectives and aims of
the Company whilst incentivising the new appointee.                              The Company has the right to terminate contracts by making a payment in
                                                                                 lieu of notice. Any such payment will typically reflect the individual’s salary,
In the case of an external hire, the Company may choose to buy-out any
                                                                                 benefits in kind and pension entitlements. The Company will be mindful, on
incentive pay or benefit arrangements which would be forfeited on leaving
                                                                                 termination of an Executive Director’s employment, of the need to mitigate
the previous employer. This will only occur where the Company feels that it
                                                                                 costs and phase payments, which cease when the individual obtains an
is a necessary requirement to aid the recruitment. The replacement value
                                                                                 alternative role. There are no change of control provisions that apply in
would be provided for, taking into account the form (cash or shares), timing
                                                                                 relation to the service contract of any Executive Director.
and expected value (i.e. likelihood of meeting any existing performance
criteria) of the remuneration being forfeited. Replacement share awards, if      Other than in certain ‘good leaver’ circumstances (which could include
used, will be granted using Taylor Wimpey’s existing share plans wherever        redundancy, ill-health or retirement), no payment would usually be due
and to the extent possible, although in exceptional circumstances awards         under the EIS unless the individual remains employed at the payment date.
may also be granted outside of these schemes if necessary and as                 Any payment to a good leaver under the EIS would be based on an
permitted under the Listing Rules. To ensure alignment from the outset           assessment of their and the Company’s performance over the applicable
with shareholders, malus and clawback provisions may also apply where            period and pro-rated for the proportion of the EIS year worked.
appropriate and the Committee may require new directors to acquire               Where an Executive Director is considered by the Committee to be a good
Company shares up to a pre-agreed level. Shareholders will be informed of        leaver, deferred EIS awards (shares) would vest. In other circumstances,
any buy-out payments at the time of appointment.                                 awards would lapse.
In the case of an internal hire including a promotion, as previously reported,
the Company will honour any commitments entered into prior to their
appointment to the Board even where it is not consistent with the Policy
prevailing at the time such commitment is fulfilled.




www.taylorwimpey.co.uk                                                                                                                                      119
Remuneration continued




With regard to long term incentive plan awards, the rules of the PSP                  –– by way of settlement or compromise of any claim arising in connection
provide that, other than in certain good leaver circumstances, awards                    with the termination of a Director’s office or employment; or
lapse on cessation of employment. Where an individual is a good leaver,               –– to contribute towards the individual’s legal fees and fees for
the Committee’s normal policy is for the award to vest at the normal time                outplacement services.
following the application of performance targets and a pro-rata reduction
                                                                                      The terms of engagement of the Chair of the Board and the Non Executive
to take account of the proportion of the applicable performance period
                                                                                      Directors are regulated by letters of appointment over a term of three
outstanding post the cessation. The Committee also has discretion for
                                                                                      years, which are reviewed annually. Both the Company and the
both early vesting and reducing the impact of pro-rating. In doing so, it will
                                                                                      aforementioned Directors have a notice period of six months and the
take account of the reason for the departure and the performance of the
                                                                                      Directors are not entitled to compensation on termination other than for the
individual through to the time of departure.
                                                                                      normal notice period if not worked out.
In situations where an Executive Director is dismissed, the Committee
                                                                                      Service contracts for all Executive Directors and letters of appointment for
reserves the right to make additional exit payments where such payments
                                                                                      all Non Executive Directors are available for inspection at the Company’s
are made in good faith:
                                                                                      Registered Office during normal business hours and at the AGM.
–– in discharge of an existing legal obligation (or by way of damages for
   breach of such an obligation);



Terms of engagement
The terms of engagement of the Chair of the Board and the Non Executive Directors are regulated by letters of appointment as follows:
                                                                                                                                      Notice period by   Notice period by
Name                                 Date of appointment as Director   Term of appointment                                          Company (months)     Director (months)
Kevin Beeston                        1 July 2010                       3 years, reviewed annually                                                   6                   6
Irene Dorner                         1 December 2019                   3 years, reviewed annually                                                   6                   6
Kate Barker                          21 April 2011                     3 years, reviewed annually                                                   6                   6
Gwyn Burr                            1 February 2018                   3 years, reviewed annually                                                   6                   6
Angela Knight                        1 November 2016                   3 years, reviewed annually                                                   6                   6
Robert Noel                          1 October 2019                    3 years, reviewed annually                                                   6                   6
Humphrey Singer                      9 December 2015                   3 years, reviewed annually                                                   6                   6

Legacy arrangements
Any commitment which is consistent with the approved Remuneration Policy in force at the time that the commitment was made will be honoured, even
where it is not consistent with the policy prevailing at the time such commitment is fulfilled.




120     Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
Annual Report on Remuneration                                                    Advice to the Committee


                                                                                                                                                                    Governance
                                                                                 The Committee keeps itself fully informed on developments and best
This Annual Report on Remuneration will be put to an advisory shareholder        practice in the ﬁeld of remuneration and it seeks advice from external
vote at the 2020 AGM.                                                            advisers when appropriate.
                                                                                 The Committee appoints its own independent remuneration advisers and
Remuneration Committee                                                           during the year it continued to retain the services of Korn Ferry.
The role of the Remuneration Committee is to recommend to the Board a
                                                                                 Korn Ferry is a member of the Remuneration Consultants Group and
strategy and framework for remuneration for Executive Directors and senior
                                                                                 signatory to its Code of Conduct. During 2019 Korn Ferry also provided
management which will attract and retain leaders who are focused and
                                                                                 other ad hoc remuneration services outside the scope of the Committee to
incentivised to deliver the Company’s strategic business priorities within a
                                                                                 the Company. The Committee reviews the performance and independence
remuneration framework which is aligned with the interests of our shareholders
                                                                                 of its advisers on an annual basis and is satisfied that the advice provided
and thus designed to promote the long term success of the Company.
                                                                                 is objective and independent.
The Committee’s Terms of Reference are available on the Company’s
                                                                                 The Committee also receives legal advice from Slaughter and May, the
website at www.taylorwimpey.co.uk/corporate/our-company/governance.
                                                                                 Company’s solicitors, as and when necessary. This generally relates to
The Committee’s main responsibilities are to:
                                                                                 technical advice on share schemes and also with regard to any senior
–– Establish and maintain formal and transparent procedures for developing       appointments and termination arrangements. The Committee is satisfied that
   policy on executive remuneration and for determining the remuneration         the advice provided by Slaughter and May is objective and independent.
   packages of individual Directors and senior management, and to
                                                                                 The fees paid to the Committee’s advisers in 2019 were: Korn Ferry
   monitor and report on them.
                                                                                 £112,722 on a time and materials basis (2018: £115,280). No significant
–– Determine the remuneration, including pension arrangements, of the            amount of advice was sought from Slaughter and May during the year.
   Executive Directors and senior management.
–– Approve annual and long term incentive arrangements together with             Pete Redfern (Chief Executive), James Jordan (former Group Legal Director
   their targets and levels of awards.                                           and Company Secretary), and Anne Billson-Ross (the Group Human
                                                                                 Resources Director) each attended the Committee meetings during 2019
–– Determine the level of fees for the Chair of the Board.
                                                                                 by invitation only but were not present for any discussions that relate
–– Select and appoint the external advisers to the Committee.                    directly to their own remuneration. Alice Marsden (who was appointed as
–– Review wider workforce remuneration and other policies.                       Group General Counsel and Company Secretary in November 2019)
For the majority of 2019, the Committee comprised three Independent              attended the December Committee meeting.​
Non Executive Directors and also the Chair of the Board. Gwyn Burr
became Chair of the Committee on 25 April 2019. Although Kate Barker             How the Remuneration Policy will be applied in 2020
stood down as Chair of the Committee on 25 April 2019, she remains a
                                                                                 Base salary
member of the Committee alongside Angela Knight and Kevin Beeston.
Irene Dorner became a member of the Committee when she was                       The Committee reviewed the Executive Directors’ salaries in February 2020
appointed to the Board as Chair-designate on 1 December 2019 and will            and decided to award increases of 2% to each Executive Director with
remain on the Committee once she assumes the role of Chair of the Board          effect from 1 April 2020, in line with the general workforce increase.
on 26 February 2020.                                                             The salaries of the Executive Directors effective from 1 April 2020 will be
Details of attendance at Committee meetings held during 2019 appear on           as follows:
page 106.                                                                        Executive Director    Salary at 1 April 2019   Salary at 1 April 2020   Increase
                                                                                 Pete Redfern                 £874,161                 £891,644             2%
No Director or other executive is involved in any decisions about his or her
own remuneration. Conflicts of interest are managed carefully. No Director       Chris Carney                 £438,600                 £447,372             2%
is involved in any decisions about their own remuneration and a conflicts of     Jennie Daly                  £400,000                 £408,000             2%
interest register is maintained by the Company Secretary in accordance
with the Company’s Conflicts Policy.                                             Pension and benefits
                                                                                 As detailed on page 106, with effect from 1 April 2020 the Executive
                                                                                 Directors’ pension contributions will be reduced in broadly incremental
                                                                                 amounts over a five year period to the level of pension arrangements enjoyed
                                                                                 by the wider workforce. Therefore, during 2020 Pete Redfern, Chris Carney
                                                                                 and Jennie Daly will receive a pension contribution of 21.24%, 18% and
                                                                                 18% of salary respectively.




www.taylorwimpey.co.uk                                                                                                                                     121
Remuneration continued




Annual Bonus Scheme                                                             Long Term Incentive Plan
The Executive Incentive Scheme (EIS) performance metrics and their              In accordance with the Remuneration Policy, long term incentives take the
weightings for 2020 are shown in the table below. The precise details of        form of the Taylor Wimpey Performance Share Plan (PSP) award with a
the targets themselves are deemed to be commercially sensitive as they          maximum award of 200% of base salary (face value of shares at date of
relate to the current financial year. However, detailed retrospective           award). The annual awards granted to Executive Directors in 2019 will be
disclosures of the targets and performance against them will be provided        subject to the following performance conditions:
in next year’s Remuneration Report in the usual way.                                                   Weighting (% of   Below threshold    Threshold (20% Maximum (100%
                                                                                Measure                   total award)       (0% vesting)          vesting)       vesting)
Measure                                                             Weighting
Group Operating Profit                                                 35%                                                     Below                              Upper
                                                                                TSR v Peer Group               40%            median            Median           quartile
Cash Conversion                                                        15%
                                                                                RONOA in
Operating Profit Margin                                                10%​
                                                                                (2020-2022)                    20% Below 26%                       26%              33%
Customer Service                                                       20%​
                                                                                Cash Conversion
Build Quality                                                          20%​
                                                                                (2020-2022)                    20% Below 70%                       70%              80%
The metrics and weightings have changed in light of the updated business        Customer Service
strategy to ensure that the EIS continues to remain in line with our business   (2020-2022)                    20% Below 83%                       83%              87%
priorities and market expectations, whilst maintaining a structure that has a
                                                                                Awards vest on a straight-line basis between the above threshold and
weighting of 60% linked directly to financial targets.
                                                                                maximum vesting levels.
Given the Company’s increased strategic focus on placing customers at
                                                                                The Committee has made some modifications to the performance
the heart of decision making, Customer Service and Build Quality remain
                                                                                measures for 2020 to reflect the Company’s long term strategic priorities.
the two non-financial measures operating within the EIS. The Committee
has decided to increase the weighting for Build Quality as it continues to      As mentioned on page 109, customer service continues to be a key
be used as a measure to underpin our goal to deliver high-quality homes         strategic priority for the Company and therefore has been included as a
and to reduce the number of instances requiring remediation.                    performance measure for 2020.The Customer Service element of the
                                                                                PSP will be based on a broader set of questions independently measured
The Customer Service measure will continue to be based on the independent
                                                                                through the NHBC eight-week survey, therefore will be on a different
NHBC scores at both eight-weeks and the longer term nine-month
                                                                                measurement basis to the EIS customer service measure.
customer satisfaction surveys. At eight weeks, this specifically measures
how likely our customers would be to recommend Taylor Wimpey.                   TSR will remain a performance condition. However, to simplify the TSR
                                                                                element, relative TSR measured against the FTSE 100 will no longer be
Cash Conversion and Operating Profit Margin have been reintroduced as
                                                                                used, instead 40% of the Award will focus solely on performance against a
measures for 2020 as the Committee believes that these are both critical
                                                                                listed housebuilder peer group (the Peer Group). The Peer Group is an
measures at an operational level and will ensure that our priority remains
                                                                                unweighted index comprised of Barratt Developments, Bellway, Berkeley
converting our profit into healthy cash returns and providing strong support
                                                                                Homes, Bovis Homes Group (now Vistry Group), Countryside Properties,
for further dividend progression over the medium term.
                                                                                Crest Nicholson, Persimmon and Redrow. Galliford Try has been removed
The Committee may use discretion to adjust payments where necessary.            from the Group following the acquisition of its housing division (Linden Homes)
One-third of any EIS payment will be payable in shares which must then be       by Vistry Group. By retaining TSR as a measure it aligns the rewards
held for three years.                                                           received by executives with the returns received by shareholders.

Clawback and malus provisions are in line with the Code requirements and        There will continue to be a Cash Conversion and RONOA measure
the Committee is satisfied that they remain fully enforceable if ever needed.   (which will both be assessed as aggregates across the full three-year
                                                                                period) to ensure that returns to shareholders and the generation of cash
                                                                                to fund them are the result of long term sustainable financial performance.
                                                                                The Committee has reviewed all targets and believes they remain
                                                                                stretching and appropriate in the present market outlook for the
                                                                                medium term.




122       Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
The Committee may use discretion to adjust payments where necessary to               As detailed on page 125, the Company partially achieved the 2017 PSP



                                                                                                                                                                             Governance
avoid formulaic driven outcomes in light of significant negative events.             Award performance conditions and therefore the Award will vest at 62.8%.
                                                                                     James will be entitled to exercise 258,946 shares on the normal vesting
Clawback and malus provisions are in line with the Code requirements and
                                                                                     date and will also receive a dividend equivalent payment. The two-year
the Committee is satisfied that they remain fully enforceable if ever needed.
                                                                                     holding period will apply.
PSP awards are subject to a two-year post-vesting holding period.
                                                                                     No EIS award will be payable for 2020 and James will not receive a PSP
Dividend equivalents and other distributions will accrue on vested awards            award in 2020.
and continue to accrue to the extent awards remain unexercised post
                                                                                     The Committee determined that James should receive good leaver
vesting. In line with best practice, from 2020 it is intended that all accrued
                                                                                     treatment in respect of his unvested EIS deferred shares and unvested
dividends will be paid via shares rather than in cash and will be subject to
                                                                                     PSP Awards. James’ unvested 2016, 2017 and 2018 Deferred Bonus
the aforementioned two-year post-vesting holding period.
                                                                                     Plan awards (over 78,148; 69,773 and 106,031 shares respectively) will
Retirement of James Jordan, Group Legal Director and                                 vest at the normal time together with any dividend equivalent payments (in
Company Secretary                                                                    March 2020, March 2021 and March 2022). His outstanding PSP Awards
                                                                                     (granted in March 2018 and March 2019) over 417,125 and 440,336
As announced on 28 March 2019, James Jordan stepped down from the
                                                                                     shares respectively will be scaled back pro-rata based on time employed
Board as Group Legal Director on 31 December 2019 (having already
                                                                                     subject to performance measured over the relevant three-year performance
relinquished his role as Company Secretary on 4 November 2019). James
                                                                                     period and subject to the two-year post-vesting holding period.
will continue to have an active role in the business until he formally retires
on 31 March 2020. The following arrangements will be applied in respect              Clawback and malus provisions will continue to apply after cessation
of James Jordan’s remuneration in line with the remuneration policy.                 of employment.
The amounts disclosed in the single figure table on page 124 relate to the           James will continue to have an active role in the business until he retires on
entire 2019 period. As James had an active role in the business for the              31 March 2020 therefore he will continue to receive salary, benefits and
entirety of 2019 he is eligible to participate in the 2019 EIS arrangements          pension, in accordance with his contractual entitlements; which will total
for the full year and as the EIS outcome was 50.6% James will receive                £139,383 for 1 January 2020 to 31 March 2020.
£308,048. One-third of this EIS award will be deferred into shares for three
years and will vest at the normal time in March 2023.



Payments for loss of office to former Directors (audited)
There were no payments made to former Directors.

Fees
The current fees for the Chair of the Board and Non Executive Directors are set out below. As announced, Irene Dorner will become Chair of the Board
on 26 February 2020 and will receive the same fee as Kevin Beeston, her predecessor.
                                                                                 ​                                                          Annual fees as at 1 April 2020
Chair of the Board                                                                                                                                          £320,000
Basic Non Executive Director and Chair-designate                                                                                                             £60,000
Senior Independent Director                                                                                                                                  £17,500
Audit Committee Chair                                                                                                                                        £17,500
Remuneration Committee Chair                                                                                                                                 £17,500




www.taylorwimpey.co.uk                                                                                                                                              123
Remuneration continued




Implementation of the Remuneration Policy during 2019
Director emoluments (audited)
                                                                                         Fees and                                                                All-employee
£’000                                                                          Year         salary       Benefits(a)       EIS           PSP(b)     Pension(c)        schemes(d)     Total
Executive                                                                        ​             ​              ​             ​              ​             ​                  ​           ​
Pete Redfern                                                                 2019           870             54           663          1,225           209                  2​      3,023
​                                                                            2018           852             54         1,195            964           205                  2       3,272
Chris Carney (appointed 20 April 2018)                                       2019           436             20           333            359            87                  2       1,237
​                                                                            2018           300             21           416            165            60                  1         963
James Jordan (stood down 31 December 2019)                                   2019           404             51           308            569           100                  8​      1,440
​                                                                            2018           395             51           555            448            98                  2       1,549
Jennie Daly (appointed 20 April 2018)                                        2019           400             18           304            183            80                  2​        987
​                                                                            2018           216             12           298             83            43                  1         653
Non Executive                                                                    ​             ​              ​             ​              ​             ​                  ​           ​
Kevin Beeston                                                                2019           320              1​            –​             –​            –​                 –​        321
​                                                                            2018           308              1             –​             –​            –​                 –​        309
Irene Dorner (appointed 1 December 2019)                                     2019             5              -​            –​             –​            –​                 –​          5
​                                                                            2018             –​             –​            –​             –​            –​                 –​          –​
Kate Barker                                                                  2019            83              –​            –​             –​            –​                 –​         83
​                                                                            2018            87              –​            –​             –​            –​                 –​         87
Gwyn Burr                                                                    2019            72              –​            –​             –​            –​                 –​         72
​                                                                            2018            55              –​            –​             –​            –​                 –​         55​
Angela Knight                                                                2019            60              –​            –​             –​            –​                 –​         60
​                                                                            2018            60              –​            –​             –​            –​                 –​         60
Robert Noel (appointed 1 October 2019)                                       2019            15              –​            –​             –​            –​                 –​         15
​                                                                            2018             –​             –​            –​             –​            –​                 –​          –​
Humphrey Singer                                                              2019            78              –​            –​             –​            –​                 –​         78
​                                                                            2018            73              –​            –​             –​            –​                 –​         73
Total                                                                        2019         2,743            144         1,608          2,336           476                 14       7,321
​                                                                            2018         2,346            139         2,464          1,660           406                  6       7,021
(a) Beneﬁts comprise non-cash payments to Pete Redfern, James Jordan, Chris Carney and Jennie Daly for private medical insurance, life assurance and company car provision
    (the value of the company car provided was £39,129, £38,594, £16,574 and £14,693 respectively). Kevin Beeston’s benefit relates to the provision of private medical insurance.
(b) This column shows the vesting during 2019 and 2018 of the PSP as set out in the tables at the top of page 125 and includes the value of dividends accrued during the performance
    period and payable on vesting. The 2018 totals have been restated to reflect the actual share price at vesting of 177.0 pence. The 2018 figures for Chris Carney and Jennie Daly have
    been pro-rated. None of the values received in 2018 and 2019 relate to a share price increase from the date of Award and date of Vesting.
(c) For Pete Redfern and James Jordan these figures represent the cash allowances payable. For Chris Carney and Jennie Daly these figures represent pension contributions up to the
    amount permissible under HMRC rules and cash allowances beyond this level.
(d) These figures represent the value of the 20% discount on the Sharesave option price, matching shares under the Share Incentive Plan and the payment of special dividends accrued
    on Sharesave options exercised by James Jordan during 2019 and grossed-up for income tax and national insurance.
​




124      Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
Performance Share Plan (audited)


                                                                                                                                                                                              Governance
PSP awards included in the 2018 total remuneration figure – overall vesting 50.0%
                                                                                                                                 Date of end of                                 Share price
Award                     Performance target                                           Weighting         % of maximum       performance period      Date of vesting              at vesting
2016 PSP(a)               TSR FTSE                                                        20%                   0%             31/12/2018         27/02/2019                      177.0(a)
​                         TSR Peer Group                                                  30%                   0%             31/12/2018         27/02/2019                      177.0(a)
​                         RONOA                                                           25%                  25%             31/12/2018         27/02/2019                      177.0(a)
​                         Cash Conversion                                                 25%                  25%             31/12/2018         27/02/2019                      177.0(a)
(a) The share price shown is the closing middle market share price on the date of vesting – 27 February 2019.

PSP awards included in the 2019 total remuneration figure – overall vesting 62.8%
                                                                                                                                 Date of end of                                 Share price
Award                     Performance target                                           Weighting         % of maximum       performance period      Date of vesting              at vesting
2017 PSP(a)(b)            TSR FTSE 100                                                    20%                 20%              31/12/2019         26/02/2020                      172.2(a)
​                         TSR Peer Group                                                  30%                   0%             31/12/2019         26/02/2020                      172.2(a)
​                         RONOA                                                           20%                 20%              31/12/2019         26/02/2020                      172.2(a)
​                         Cash Conversion​                                                15%​                15%​             31/12/2019​        26/02/2020​                     172.2(a)​
​                         Operating Profit Margin​                                        15%​                7.8%​            31/12/2019​        26/02/2020​                     172.2(a)​
(a) The share price shown is the average of the share prices for the dealing days in the last three months (October to December 2019) and will be restated in next year’s Annual Report
    and Accounts to reflect the actual share price on vesting on 26 February 2020.
(b) On exercise, an equivalent proportion of cash accrued in lieu of dividends paid during the performance period, will also be paid net of income tax and national insurance.

Vesting of PSP awards in 2019 (audited)
2017 PSP Award
The performance period for all elements of the 2017 PSP award ended on 31 December 2019 and the final measurement was undertaken based on this
date, with the performance outcome being independently calculated by Korn Ferry and as part of the overall audit process.
The outcomes were as follows:
​                                    ​               ​                                   Vesting scale          ​                                                Performance         % of
Measure                                  Weighting           No vesting                  20% vesting                       100% vesting                              achieved    maximum
TSR FTSE 100                               20%            Below median​                   Median​                Upper quartile or above​         Above upper quartile              20%
​                                             ​                 ​                           ​                              ​                                         ​                 ​

TSR Peer Group                             30%           Below Index TSR​               Index TSR​                   Index TSR +8% p.a.              TW TSR: 51.3%                    0%
                                                                                                                    (multiplicative) or above​    Median TSR: 61.5%
​                                                ​               ​                            ​                                  ​                                 ​                      ​

RONOA in 2019                              20%             Below 26%​                      26%                          30% or above​                                 31.4%         20%
​                                             ​                 ​                            ​                               ​                                             ​           ​

Cash Conversion                            15%             Below 65%​                      65%                          75% or above​                                 87.6%         15%
(averaged over 2017-2019)                     ​                 ​                            ​                               ​                                             ​           ​

Operating Profit Margin                    15%             Below 20%​                      20%​                           Above 22%​                                  20.8%        7.8%
(averaged over 2017-2019)                     ​                 ​                            ​                                ​                                            ​           ​

Total                                    100%                    ​                            ​                                 ​                                           ​    62.8%

In deciding whether, and to what extent, any vesting of awards should take place under any PSP, the Committee also considers the overall ﬁnancial
performance of the Company during the period. The Committee has determined that the overall financial performance of the Company has been strong
and therefore determined that the 2017 PSP awards should vest at 62.8% based on the achievement of three performance measures in full, as set out in
the table above.




www.taylorwimpey.co.uk                                                                                                                                                               125
Remuneration continued




Directors’ PSP awards granted during 2019 (audited)
Performance awards were made in March 2019 as summarised below:
                                                                                                                                                                                                     % vesting at
                                                                                                    Face value                                                                                          threshold
​                        Award              Type              Number of shares                     (% of salary)(a)                            Performance conditions       Performance period       performance
Pete Redfern             PSP                Nil-cost               947,769           £1,714,042 (200%)                   30% on TSR v Peer Group Index    01/01/2019                                      20%
                                            options                                                                            20% on TSR v FTSE 100 – 31/12/2021
                                                                                                                                       20% on RONOA
                                                                                                                               15% on Cash Conversion
                                                                                                                          15% on Operating Profit Margin​
Chris Carney             PSP                Nil-cost               475,532              £860,000 (200%)                                       As above      As above                                 As above
                                            options​
James Jordan             PSP                Nil-cost               440,036              £795,804 (200%)                                                     As above             As above            As above
                                            options
Jennie Daly              PSP                Nil-cost               442,355              £800,000 (200%)                                                     As above             As above            As above
                                            options
(a) Calculated using the share price of 180.85 pence being the average of the closing prices for 28 February, 1 and 4 March 2019.



EIS in respect of 2019 (audited)
For 2019, the Committee measured performance against each individual performance target, which is directly linked to the achievement of the
Company’s strategy, as described in more detail on pages 24 and 108, as follows:
​                  ​ ​                                 ​                         ​             ​             ​               Summary of targets                   ​                                        % of
Measure            ​ Strategic goal / KPI                                   ​        Weighting ​   Entry (10% vesting)       Target (50% vesting)       Stretch (100% vesting)           Result        maximum
Operating          ​ To increase aggregate                                  ​          40% ​           £830m                     £860m                       £900m                 £850.5m              14.9%
Profit (£)           profit                                                 ​             ​ ​             ​                         ​                           ​                         ​                  ​

RONOA (%)          ​ Driving capital efficiency                             ​          20% ​             30%                       31%​                        33%​                   31.4%             12.1%
                                                                            ​             ​ ​              ​                         ​                           ​                         ​                 ​

Order Book (£) ​ Provide greater emphasis                                   ​          10% ​         £1,848m                    £2,189m                     £2,324m              £2,252.2m               7.3%
                 on sales volume                                            ​             ​ ​            ​                          ​                           ​                         ​                  ​

Build Quality      ​ To deliver high-quality                                ​          10% ​             3.90​                     3.95​                       4.00​                     4.13             10%
                     homes and to reduce                                    ​             ​ ​              ​                         ​                           ​                           ​               ​
                     remediation
Customer           ​ Improving and delivering              8-week survey               10% ​             72%                       86%                         89%                      80%              3.3%
Service              customer service based                                               ​ ​              ​                         ​                           ​                         ​                 ​
                     on key National House-
                     Building Council                      9-month survey              10%​ ​            ​70%                      ​72%                        ​74%                     71%​                3%​
                     performance standards                                                ​ ​               ​                         ​                           ​                        ​                  ​

Total              ​​                                                       ​        100% ​                              ​                          ​                        ​                   ​     50.6%

The amounts paid to the Executive Directors in respect of 2019 are set out in the Directors’ emoluments table on page 124. One-third of the bonus paid
will be deferred in shares for three years.




126       Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
Executive Directors’ interests in the Company’s share schemes (audited)


                                                                                                                                                                                     Governance
Details of the options and conditional awards over shares held by Directors who served during the year are as follows:

                                                                                                                            Maximum
                                        Maximum           Additional                                                         potential
                                         potential        maximum            Dividend                                      receivable
                                      outstanding          potential    re-investment        Delivered /      Lapsed             as at
                                      shares as at   awarded during     shares added          exercised        during   31 December             Maximum shares vesting in:
                               ​   1 January 2019          the year    during the year   during the year     the year            2019 ​         2020           2021           2022
Pete Redfern                                 ​                ​                  ​                ​               ​              ​ ​               ​             ​               ​
Deferred shares (EIS)                 563,443          228,375​            65,304​         204,026​              –​       653,096​ ​        218,036​      181,313​        253,747​
Performance Share Plan (PSP)        2,675,251          947,769​                 –​         444,360​        444,360​     2,734,300​ ​        888,108​​     898,423​        947,769​
Sharesave Plan                         18,863                –​                 –​               –​              –​        18,863​ ​              –​            –​         18,863​
Total                               3,257,557        1,176,144​            65,304​         648,386         444,360​     3,406,259​ ​      1,106,144​    1,079,736​      1,220,379​
​                                            ​                ​                  ​                ​               ​              ​ ​               ​             ​               ​
​                                            ​                ​                  ​                ​               ​              ​ ​               ​             ​               ​
Chris Carney                                 ​                ​                  ​                ​               ​              ​ ​               ​             ​               ​
Deferred shares (EIS)                       –​         108,810​            12,088​               –​              –​       120,898​ ​              –​            –​        120,898​
Performance Share Plan (PSP)          771,087          475,532​                 –​         108,458​        108,459      1,029,702​ ​        260,021​      294,149​        475,532​
Sharesave Plan                         20,891                –​                 –​               –​              –​        20,891​ ​              –​       11,460​          9,431​
Total                                 791,978          584,342​            12,088​         108,458​        108,459​     1,171,491​ ​        260,021​      305,609​        605,861​
​                                            ​                ​                  ​                ​               ​              ​ ​               ​             ​               ​
​                                            ​                ​                  ​                ​               ​              ​ ​               ​             ​               ​
James Jordan                                 ​                ​                  ​                ​               ​              ​ ​               ​             ​               ​
Deferred shares (EIS)                 261,595          106,031​            30,318           94,726​              –​       303,218​ ​        101,229​       84,180​        117,809​
Performance Share Plan (PSP)        1,242,079          440,036​                 –​         206,309​        567,279​       908,527​ ​        412,335​      312,844​        183,348​
Sharesave Plan                         12,534            7,413​                 –​           6,876​              –​        13,071​ ​          5,658​            –​          7,413​
Total                               1,516,208          553,480​            30,318​         307,911​        567,279      1,224,816​ ​        519,222​      397,024​        308,570​
​                                            ​                ​                  ​                ​               ​              ​ ​               ​             ​               ​
​                                            ​                ​                  ​                ​               ​              ​ ​               ​             ​               ​
Jennie Daly                                  ​                ​                  ​                ​               ​              ​ ​               ​             ​               ​
Deferred shares (EIS)                       –​          76,315​             8,480​               –​              –​        84,795​ ​              –​            –​         84,795​
Performance Share Plan (PSP)          467,244          442,355​                 –​          54,438​         54,439​       800,722​ ​        132,719​      225,648​        442,355​
Sharesave Plan                         22,921                –​                 –​               –​              –​        22,921​ ​              –​       22,921​              –​
Total                                 490,165          518,670​             8,480​          54,438​         54,439​       908,438​ ​        132,719​      248,569​        527,150​

Vesting of the deferred shares and Sharesave Plan options are not dependent on any performance conditions. The vesting of the PSP is subject to the
achievement of performance conditions.
There have been no variations to the terms and conditions or performance criteria for outstanding share awards during the financial year. The market
price of the ordinary shares on 31 December 2019 was 193.40 pence and the range during the year was 136.85 pence to 201.20 pence. Details of any
share awards made to the Executive Directors during 2020 will be included in the 2020 Remuneration Report.
James Jordan stood down from the Board on 31 December 2019. His leaving arrangements are set out on page 123. His outstanding Performance Share
Plan awards have been pro-rated to his leaving date of 31 March 2020. For transparency, these lapses are shown in the ‘lapsed during the year’ column.
The Directors do not hold any vested but unexercised share options.




www.taylorwimpey.co.uk                                                                                                                                                       127
Remuneration continued




Performance graph (unaudited)
This graph shows the value of £100 invested in Taylor Wimpey plc on 31 December 2009 compared with the value of £100 invested in the FTSE 350
and in the average of the Housebuilder Index introduced for the 2012 Performance Share Plan awards onwards and as varied subsequently for the 2014
and 2016 awards. These benchmarks have been chosen as Taylor Wimpey is a constituent of both.


Total shareholder return

                                                      2010      2011      2012      2013          2014          2015      2016      2017      2018      2019



                         Value (£) (rebased)

   Taylor Wimpey         800
   Housebuilders Index
   FTSE 350              700


                         600


                         500


                         400


                         300


                         200


                         100


                         0

Source: Thomson Reuters Datastream.

Chief Executive historic remuneration (unaudited)
                     ​                           ​                                           Year ending 31 December
                                               ​ ​    2010 ​    2011 ​    2012 ​    2013 ​        2014 ​        2015 ​    2016 ​    2017 ​    2018 ​    2019
Total remuneration (£’000)                       ​   1,542 ​   1,674 ​   3,009 ​   6,724 ​     6,250 ​       6,888 ​     4,072 ​   3,697 ​   3,272 ​   3,023
EIS (%)                                          ​      85 ​      82 ​      95 ​      90 ​        90 ​          78 ​        80 ​      66 ​      93 ​    50.6
PSP vesting (%)                                  ​       0 ​       0 ​      40 ​      85 ​        94 ​         100 ​        81 ​      78 ​      50 ​    62.8

The table above shows the total remuneration figure for the Chief Executive over the same 10-year period as is shown in the TSR graph above. The total
remuneration figure includes the EIS and PSP awards which vested based on performance in those years. The EIS and PSP percentages show the
payout for each year as a percentage of the maximum award that could have been paid or received.




128     Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
CEO pay ratios (unaudited)


                                                                                                                                                                                        Governance
Year                                          Method           CEO single figure         All UK employees            Lower quartile                  Median            Upper quartile
​                                                ​                        ​                     Ratio                    103:1                        77:1                  41:1
2018(a)                                  Option B               £3,151,748                  Total pay                  £30,375                     £41,135               £76,575
​                                                ​                        ​                    Salary                  £26,412                     £26,873               £52,458
​                                                ​                        ​                    Ratio                      93:1                        73:1                  48:1
2019(b)                                  Option B               £3,023,654                 Total pay                   £32,342                     £41,483               £62,418
​                                                ​                        ​                   Salary                   £27,500                     £31,277               £45,621
(a) The 2018 CEO single figure disclosed has not been restated to reflect the share price on the date the 2016 PSP Award vested. We have chosen to do this for transparency purposes
    so that we are comparing the ratios disclosed in 2018.
(b) The three representative employees were determined on 31 December 2019.

Our CEO pay ratios have been calculated using ‘option B’ which is to use the 2019 gender pay gap data to identify the three employees that represent
the lower quartile, the median and the upper quartile. We believe this provides us with a clear methodology involving less adjustments to calculate
Full-Time Equivalent earnings and is more likely to produce more robust reporting year on year.
The Committee has reviewed the results of the calculations and is satisfied that they continue to be representative of the respective quartiles.
The lower quartile and median ratios have both reduced. This decrease is attributed to the CEO single figure being lower than in 2018; this is
predominantly a result of the short term incentive bonus outturn for 2019 being significantly lower than the previous year (2019: 50.6%; 2018: 93%).
Further details of the different elements of the CEO pay can be found on page 124.
The impact of the reduced bonus payment for 2019 has resulted in an increase in the upper quartile ratio. This increase is a result of the representative
employee in the upper quartile having a relatively high maximum bonus potential in comparison to the lower quartile and median employees which,
as is the case for the CEO, achieved a lower actual payment for 2019, and lower than last year’s equivalent representative employee.
There has been no significant change to the Company’s employee remuneration structure during the year; however there continues to be a focus on
increasing our use of direct labour within the Company to mitigate the industry-wide skills shortage. The Company now employs 643 apprentices;
trainees and apprentices are lower paid and impact on inter-quartile range.
As has been noted on page 118, the Committee has reviewed the remuneration policies and practices for the wider workforce in conjunction with the
Directors’ Remuneration Policy review during the year – this includes the maximum bonus potential for all new employees. The Committee is satisfied that
there is a good level of consistency in relation to pay policies throughout Taylor Wimpey.

Change in Chief Executive pay compared to that of Taylor Wimpey employees (unaudited)
The table below shows the percentage year on year change in salary, benefits and annual bonus earned between 2018 and 2019 for the Chief Executive
and compared to the average percentage year on year change of Taylor Wimpey employees during the same year.
                                                                                                                                                                        Annual bonus
                                                                                                                           ​              Salary          Benefits          scheme
Pete Redfern                                                                                                                               2%                 0%             -45%
Average pay of Taylor Wimpey employees                                                                                                     3%                 0%             -20%

Change in Company performance relative to change in remuneration (unaudited)
                                                                                                                           ​               2018               2019       Change (%)
Profit before tax, interest and exceptional items                                                                                     £880.2m         £850.5m              -3.4%
Dividends paid per ordinary share                                                                                                             ​               ​                 ​
–– interim 2019 / interim 2018 (3.84p / 2.44p)                                                                                                ​               ​                 ​
–– final 2019 / final 2018 (3.80p / 3.80p)                                                                                                    ​               ​                 ​
–– special 2019 / special 2018 (10.7p / 10.4p)                                                                                          16.64p          18.34p             10.2%
Employee pay in aggregate (See Note 7 to the financial statements)                                                                    £270.4m         £290.4m               7.4%
Employee pay average per employee (See Note 7 to the financial statements)                                                             £49,688         £49,363             -0.7%




www.taylorwimpey.co.uk                                                                                                                                                         129
Remuneration continued




Directors’ interests in shares of the Company
Share ownership guidelines
The Taylor Wimpey share ownership guidelines are designed to encourage shareholding in Taylor Wimpey plc by executives at various levels within the
Company for the purpose of alignment with the Company’s shareholders. The guidelines cover the Executive Directors and those executives who
participate in long term incentive plans with all participating executives required to build up shareholdings through the retention of shares vesting under
the Company’s share plans.
The level of required shareholding for Executive Directors to attain is two times base salary. Subject to shareholder approval at the 2020 AGM the
shareholding guidelines will be simplified by requiring Executive Directors to retain at least 50% of their net of taxes gain arising from any shares vesting
or acquired pursuant to the Company’s Long Term Incentive Plans, until such time as the guidelines have been met. Beneficially owned shares count
toward the guidelines, together with the portion of the annual bonus (EIS) deferred into shares (on a net of tax basis) and any vested but unexercised
PSP awards. As mentioned earlier in this Report, any shares that are acquired through a PSP award vesting must, as a standard requirement, be
retained by executives for at least 24 months.
The Chair and the Non Executive Directors are also encouraged to hold shares in the Company in order to align their interests with those of shareholders.

Directors’ interests in shares of the Company (audited)
                                                                                                                                                                       Share interests expressed
                                    ​                 Beneficially owned                     ​                    Outstanding interests in share plans             ​             as a % of salary
                                                                                                                                                                                  Value of shares
                                                                                                                                                                          (including EIS deferred
                                                   at 01/01/19                  at 31/12/19      EIS deferred shares                                                    shares on a net basis) as
Director                                      (ordinary shares)(a)         (ordinary shares) ​                (gross)                       PSP(b)       Sharesave ​                  at 31/12/19(c)
Kevin Beeston(d)                                  718,432                     777,596​ ​                      –​                          –​                  –​ ​                          –​
Pete Redfern                                    2,993,706​                  1,188,804​ ​                653,096​                  2,734,300​             18,863​ ​                       339%​
Chris Carney                                      190,606​                    253,182​ ​                120,898​                  1,029,702​             20,891​ ​                       140%​
James Jordan(e)                                   937,858​                  1,106,146​ ​                303,218​                    908,527​             13,071​ ​                       603%​
Jennie Daly                                        67,477​                     98,484​ ​                 84,795​                    800,722​             22,921​ ​                        69%​
Kate Barker                                        60,000​                     60,000​ ​                      –​                          –​                  –​ ​                          –​
Gwyn Burr                                               –​                          –​ ​                      –​                          –​                  –​ ​                          –​
Irene Dorner                                            –​                     15,000​ ​                      –​                          –​                  –​ ​                          –​
Angela Knight                                      10,000​                     10,000​ ​                      –​                          –​                  –​ ​                          –​
Robert Noel                                             –​                          –​ ​                      –​                          –​                  –​ ​                          –​
Humphrey Singer                                    25,000​                     25,000​ ​                      –​                          –​                  –​ ​                          –​
(a) Or date of appointment.
(b) Vesting is subject to the achievement of performance conditions.
(c) This has been calculated on the basis of beneficially owned shares and the net amount of EIS shares.
(d) Some of Kevin Beeston’s shares are held by a connected person.
(e) James Jordan stood down from the Board on 31 December 2019.

The only changes to the Directors’ interests as set out above during the period between 31 December 2019 and 25 February 2020 were the regular
monthly purchases of shares and 1:1 matching by the Company under the Share Incentive Plan by Pete Redfern, Chris Carney and Jennie Daly who
acquired 292 shares each.




130        Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
Directors’ pension entitlements (audited)


                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Governance
Deﬁned beneﬁt schemes
The Taylor Wimpey Pension Scheme
Pete Redfern and James Jordan are members of the Taylor Wimpey Pension Scheme (TWPS). The following table sets out the transfer value of their
accrued beneﬁts under the TWPS calculated in a manner consistent with The Occupational Pension Schemes (Transfer Values) Regulations 2008.
                                                                                                                                                                                          Increase (decrease) in
                                                                                                                                                                                             transfer value from
                                                                                    Increase in accrued                          Transfer value gross of Transfer value gross of          31/12/18 to 31/12/19
                                                         Accrued pension as at   pension from 31/12/18    Accrued pension as at Director’s contributions Director’s contributions                less Director’s
Director                         Normal retirement age              31/12/18                to 31/12/19              31/12/19(a)            at 31/12/19(b)           at 31/12/18(b)                contributions(c)
Pete Redfern                                      62                15,255​                      370​                15,625​                 389,163​                 313,150​                       76,013​
James Jordan                                      62                28,220​                      684​                28,904​                 848,009​                 712,473​                      135,536​
(a) The pension benefits are based on service up to 31 August 2010 when the George Wimpey Staff Pension Scheme (GWSPS) closed to future accrual. Members of the GWSPS were
    transferred into the Taylor Wimpey Pension Scheme (TWPS) on 1 October 2013 and there was no change to members’ benefit entitlement. Pension benefits include a two thirds
    spouse’s pension. Pensions accrued up to 5 April 2009 will revalue in deferment in line with inflation subject to an overall cap of 5% per annum. Pensions accrued after 5 April 2009
    will revalue in deferment in line with inflation subject to an overall cap of 2.5% per annum. Once in payment, pensions accrued up to 5 April 2006 are guaranteed to increase in line
    with inflation limited each year to 5%, pensions accrued after 5 April 2006 are guaranteed to increase in line with inflation limited each year to 2.5%. The Company has only taken into
    account defined benefits accrued over the period to 31 August 2010 and has not included any Defined Contribution pension benefits accrued after this date.
(b) Transfer values have been calculated in accordance with The Occupational Pension Schemes (Transfer Value) Regulations 1996 (as amended).
(c) The transfer value includes the effect of fluctuations due to factors beyond the control of the Company and Directors, such as financial market movements.
Note: Pete Redfern and James Jordan received cash allowances of £209,226 (2018: £204,991) and £99,896 (2018: £98,001) respectively in lieu of Company pension contributions.
There were no changes to benefits during the year and consequently no difference between the changes to any Director’s pension benefits in
comparison with those of other employees.

Non-Group pension arrangements
                                                                                                                                                                               2019                        2018
                                                                                                                                                                  ​              (£)                         (£)
Chris Carney                                                                                                                                                               9,988​                       6,985
Jennie Daly                                                                                                                                                               10,007​                       6,981
Notes: Chris Carney and Jennie Daly also received pension allowances of £77,290 (2018: £52,592) and £70,008 (2018: £36,114) respectively in lieu of Company pension contributions
over the Tapered Annual Allowance limit introduced in April 2016. Allowances for 2018 are pro-rated to their appointment date.

Statement of shareholder voting (unaudited)
At the 2019 AGM, the result of the shareholders’ vote on the Company’s Remuneration Report for 2018 was:
                                                                                                                                                                                                           2019
                                                                                                                                                                                      ​                  (Votes)
For                                                                                                                                                                                               2 billion
​                                                                                                                                                                                                    (97%)
Against                                                                                                                                                                                         71 million
​                                                                                                                                                                                                      (3%)
Withheld                                                                                                                                                                                       11,910,493

At the 2017 AGM, the result of the shareholders’ vote on the Company Remuneration Policy was:
                                                                                                                                                                                                            2017
                                                                                                                                                              ​                                           (Votes)
For                                                                                                                                                                                               1.9 billion
​                                                                                                                                                                                                     (98%)
Against                                                                                                                                                                                           38 million
​                                                                                                                                                                                                       (2%)
Withheld                                                                                                                                                                                         1,502,137

Approval
This Remuneration Report was approved by the Board of Directors on 25 February 2020 and signed on its behalf by the Remuneration Committee Chair:




Gwyn Burr
Chair of the Remuneration Committee

25 February 2020
www.taylorwimpey.co.uk                                                                                                                                                                                     131
Statutory, regulatory and
other information
Introduction
This section contains the remaining matters on which the Directors are required to report each year, which do not appear elsewhere in this Directors’
report. Certain other matters which are required to be reported on appear in other sections of this Annual Report and Accounts, as detailed below:
Matter                                                                                                                            ​   Page(s) in this Annual Report
An indication of likely future developments in the business of the Company and its subsidiaries appears in the Strategic Report   ​                 2 to 58
The Group’s profit before taxation and the profit after taxation appear in the Consolidated income statement and in the           ​      148 and 153 to 182
Notes to the financial statements
The Company’s Viability statement                                                                                                 ​                  52 and 53
The Remuneration Committee report                                                                                                 ​                 106 to 131
Details of the Company’s long term incentive schemes as required by Listing Rule 9.4.3R are set out in the Remuneration           ​                 106 to 131
Committee report
The reporting of the Company’s carbon footprint                                                                                   ​                44 and 138
A list of the subsidiary and associated undertakings, including branches outside the UK, principally affecting the profits or     ​               189 and 190
net assets of the Group in the year
Changes in asset values are set out in the Consolidated balance sheet and in the Notes to the financial statements                ​      150 and 153 to 182
A detailed statement of the Group’s treasury management and funding including information on the exposure of the                  ​              169 to 172
Company in relation to the use of financial instruments
Details of an arrangement under which a shareholder has waived or agreed to waive any dividends, and where a                      ​               133 and 199
shareholder has agreed to waive future dividends, details of such waiver together with those relating to dividends which are
payable during the period under review
A statement that this Annual Report and Accounts meets the requirements of Section 4, Principle N, Provision 27 of the            ​                            63
2018 UK Corporate Governance Code (fair, balanced and understandable)
A statement outlining our engagement with employees and other stakeholders ​                                                      ​    32 to 43 and 76 to 81​

All information required to be reported by Listing Rule 9.8.4R and applicable to the Company or Group for this reporting period is set out in the
table above.



Directors                                            Retirement and re-election                             The Articles of Association of the Company
The following Directors held office throughout       The Company has determined that in                     regulate the appointment and removal of
the year:                                            accordance with the 2018 UK Corporate                  Directors, in addition to the provisions of the
                                                     Governance Code (the Code), all Directors,             Companies Act 2006 and related legislation.
–– Kevin Beeston, Chair of the Board                                                                        The Company’s Articles of Association may be
                                                     with the exception of our Chair, Kevin Beeston,
–– Pete Redfern, Chief Executive                                                                            amended by special resolution of the
                                                     who will have stepped down from the Board
–– Chris Carney, Group Finance Director              by that time, should seek election or re-election,     shareholders as necessary. The various powers
–– Jennie Daly, Group Operations Director            as appropriate, at this year’s Annual General          and responsibilities of the Directors are
–– Kate Barker DBE, Independent Non Executive        Meeting (AGM) as explained in the Notes to the         described on pages 82 and 85.
   Director                                          Notice of Annual General Meeting on pages 196
–– Angela Knight CBE, Independent                    and 197.                                               Qualifying third party indemnity
   Non Executive Director                                                                                   The Company has granted an indemnity in
                                                     Each of the Directors proposed for election or
–– Humphrey Singer, Independent Non Executive                                                               favour of its Directors and Officers and those of
                                                     re-election at the AGM is being unanimously
   Director                                                                                                 its Group companies, including the Trustee
                                                     recommended by all the other members of the
–– Gwyn Burr, Independent Non Executive Director                                                            Directors of its Pension Trustee Company,
                                                     Board. This recommendation follows the
                                                                                                            against the financial exposure that they may
In addition to the above, James Jordan stood         completion of the annual Board evaluation
                                                                                                            incur in the course of their professional duties as
down from the Board as Group Legal Director          process, which was internally facilitated this year.
                                                                                                            Directors and Officers of the Company and / or
and Company Secretary on 31 December 2019,           This included a detailed appraisal of the Board,
                                                                                                            its subsidiaries / affiliates. The indemnity has
Irene Dorner was elected to the Board as an          its Committees and also each Director
                                                                                                            been put in place in accordance with Section
Independent Non Executive Director and               individually, which in turn included a review of
                                                                                                            234 of the Companies Act 2006 in respect of
Chair-designate on 1 December 2019, and              their respective time commitments.
                                                                                                            which the Company took advice from its
Robert Noel was appointed to the Board               Further information relating to the evaluation is      corporate lawyers, Slaughter and May.
as an Independent Non Executive Director             set out on pages 92 and 93.
on 1 October 2019.
The Directors, together with their biographical
information, are shown on pages 66 and 67.


132      Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
Audit and auditor                                     –– Enables the Company to significantly reduce         Details of employee share schemes are set out in



                                                                                                                                                                  Governance
Each Director has, at the date of approval of this       its printing and postage costs.                     the Remuneration Committee report on pages 106
Report, formally confirmed that:                      –– Enables shareholders to access information          to 131. The Employee Share Ownership Trust
                                                         faster, on the day documents are published          (ESOT) which holds shares on trust for employees
–– to the best of his or her knowledge there is no       on the Company’s website.                           under various share schemes, generally abstains
   relevant audit information of which the                                                                   from voting at shareholder general meetings in
                                                      –– Reduces the amount of resources consumed,
   Company’s auditor is unaware; and                                                                         respect of shares held by them.
                                                         such as paper, and therefore helps to reduce
–– he or she has taken all the steps they ought to       the impact of printing, mailing and related         No person has any special rights of control over
   have taken as a Director in order to make             activities on the environment.                      the Company’s share capital and all issued
   themselves aware of any relevant audit
                                                      Shareholder communications (including the              shares are fully paid.
   information and to establish that the
   Company’s auditor is aware of that                 2019 Annual Report and Accounts) are available
   information.                                       electronically through the Company’s website.          Dividend
                                                      90% of the Company’s shareholders use either           An interim ordinary dividend of 3.84 pence per
This confirmation is given and should be
                                                      electronic or web communication.                       ordinary share was paid on 8 November 2019
interpreted in accordance with the provisions of
                                                                                                             and the Directors recommended a final ordinary
Section 418 of the Companies Act 2006.                The Company will, of course, continue to provide       dividend of 3.80 pence per ordinary share which,
Deloitte LLP (Deloitte) has confirmed its             hard copy documentation to those shareholders          together with the interim dividend, increases the
willingness to continue in office as auditor of the   who have requested this and is happy to do so.         total ordinary dividend for the year to 7.64 pence
Company. Following a review by the Audit                                                                     (2018: 6.24 pence). Information relating to the
Committee of its effectiveness, details of which      Registrar                                              recommended 2019 final ordinary dividend is set
are set out on page 102, a resolution to              The Company’s Registrar is Link Asset Services.        out on page 58 and in the notes to resolution 2
reappoint Deloitte will be proposed at the AGM.       Their details, together with information on the        in the Notes to the Notice of Annual General
It is the Company’s general policy that its auditor   services and facilities available to shareholders,     Meeting on page 196. The Directors have also
will not carry out non-audit services except          are set out in the shareholder facilities section on   recommended a special dividend for 2020 of
where it is appropriate to do so and in               pages 199 and 200.                                     10.99 pence per ordinary share (2018: 10.7
accordance with the Company’s policy for the                                                                 pence). Information relating to the recommended
carrying out of such work. In addition, and in line   Capital structure                                      2020 special dividend is set out on page 58 and
with the Code, the Audit Committee takes into                                                                in the notes to resolution 3 in the Notes to the
                                                      Details of the Company’s issued share capital,
account the relevant ethical and auditing                                                                    Notice of Annual General Meeting on page 196.
                                                      together with information on the movements in
professional standards guidance regarding the         the Company’s issued share capital during the          The Company will be operating a Dividend
provision of non-audit services to the Group          year, are shown in Note 23 on page 177.                Re-Investment Plan (DRIP), further details of
during the year within the policy framework as                                                               which are set out on page 199 of this Annual
                                                      The Company has two classes of shares:
described in Note 6 on page 161.                                                                             Report. The DRIP will operate automatically in
                                                      Ordinary Shares of 1p, each of which carries
                                                                                                             respect of the 2019 final ordinary dividend for
                                                      the right to one vote at general meetings of the
Annual General Meeting                                Company and such other rights and obligations
                                                                                                             those shareholders who have previously
The AGM will be held at 11:00am on 23 April                                                                  registered a DRIP mandate (unless varied by
                                                      as are set out in the Company’s Articles of
2020 at The British Medical Association, BMA                                                                 shareholders beforehand) and also in respect of
                                                      Association, and Deferred Shares which carry
House, Tavistock Square, London, WC1H 9JP.                                                                   all future dividends, including special dividends,
                                                      no voting rights.
                                                                                                             until such time as each participating shareholder
Formal notice of the AGM including details of the     The authority to make market purchases                 elects to withdraw from the DRIP, or the DRIP is
special business being proposed is set out in the     pursuant to the resolution passed at the 2019          suspended or terminated in accordance with the
Notice of Annual General Meeting on pages             AGM was not exercised during 2019 or prior to          terms and conditions of the plan. The Board will
192 to 198 and on the Company’s website at:           the date of this Report. The Company has no            continue to keep the availability of the DRIP
www.taylorwimpey.co.uk/corporate. In line with        current intention of exercising this authority but     under regular review.
recent practice and good governance, voting on        will nevertheless be seeking the usual renewal of
all resolutions at this year’s AGM will again be      this authority at the AGM, and the Board will          Shareholders are again reminded to check their
conducted by way of a poll. The Board believes        continue to keep the position under regular            position with regard to any dividend mandates
that this method of voting gives as many              review. The Company currently holds no shares          that are in place, should they wish to either
shareholders as possible the opportunity to have      in treasury.                                           participate in the DRIP or discontinue or vary any
their votes counted as part of the process,                                                                  participation, as existing mandates will apply to
                                                      There are no specific restrictions on the size of a
whether their votes are tendered by proxy in                                                                 all dividend payments (including special
                                                      holding, the exercise of voting rights, or on the
advance of, or in person at, the AGM.                                                                        dividends) unless or until revoked.
                                                      transfer of shares, which are governed by the
                                                      Articles of Association and prevailing legislation.    The right to receive any dividend has been
Web communications                                    The Directors are not aware of any agreement or        waived in part by the Trustees of the Company’s
With shareholders’ consent, the Company has           agreements between holders of the Company’s            ESOT over that Trust’s combined holding of
adopted web communication. The benefits of            shares that may result in restrictions on the          10,743,775 shares. More details of the ESOT
web communication are that it:                        transfer of securities or voting rights.               are contained in Note 26 on page 178.


www.taylorwimpey.co.uk                                                                                                                                    133
Statutory, regulatory and other information continued




Substantial interests
The persons set out in the table below have notified the Company pursuant to Rule 5.1 of the Disclosure and Transparency Rules of their interests in the
ordinary share capital of the Company.
At 25 February 2020, no change in these holdings had been notified nor, according to the Register of Members, did any other shareholder at that date
have a disclosable holding of the Company’s issued share capital.
Directors’ interests, including interests in the Company’s shares, are shown in the Remuneration Committee report on page 130. The Board strongly
believes in the alignment of interests between senior management and the Company’s shareholders.
Substantial interests in the Company’s shares were as follows:
                                                                                                                       As at 31 December                            As at 25 February
                                                                                              ​                    ​                2019                       ​                2020
                                                                                                                            Percentage of                               Percentage of
                                                                                                  Number of shares     issued voting share    Number of shares     issued voting share
Name                                                                                                 held (millions)                capital      held (millions)                capital
BlackRock Inc                                                                                              182.5​                   5.58​              182.5​                   5.58​
Legal & General Group plc                                                                                   98.5​                   3.02​               98.5​                   3.02​
Standard Life Investments Limited                                                                           96.5​                   3.02​               96.5​                   3.02​

In addition to the substantial interests shown above, the Company held in its ESOT 10.7 million of its own shares at 31 December 2019, representing
0.33% of the shares in issue at that date (2018: 13.9 million; 0.42%). The Company currently holds no shares in treasury.




Research and development                                The Infinite House’s external envelope can be              During 2019 we continued to support the
Our research and development initiatives                adapted to suit different contexts without                 Horizon Group at the Supply Chain Sustainability
(Project 2020) continued throughout 2019 with           appearing to be a repeated house type, thus                School. The Horizon Group have a vision of a
a focus on quality improvements. This focus             offering aesthetic variety while maintaining the           more sustainable built environment through the
led to the introduction of quality managers             efficiency and cost effectiveness of repetition            development and implementation of
to the majority of our regions and improved our         and structural standardisation.                            collaborative industrial and academic supply
Construction Quality Review (CQR) score to lead                                                                    chain research. We worked with energy experts
                                                        Whilst building the prototypes, the regional
the industry in this measure. We have engaged                                                                      and portacabin manufacturers to design a highly
                                                        teams have trialled different build methodologies
with key suppliers and manufacturers to develop                                                                    efficient portacabin which we are now looking to
                                                        in the innovative designs. In Didcot, we built five
a focused training, competency and audit                                                                           pilot. We also set up a series of electricity
                                                        homes trialling cross laminated timber construction;
programme for site teams. The aim is to expand                                                                     sub-meters on two building sites to determine
                                                        in Manchester we built two homes using
knowledge and update site teams about new                                                                          where most electricity is used. In 2019 we
                                                        traditional masonry construction; and in Glasgow
installation regulations and guidance through                                                                      supported a Master’s degree thesis at Aston
                                                        we built one home from standard timber frame
e-learning and practical on site training, which is                                                                University on supply chain carbon.
                                                        and one from advanced timber frame.
followed up by site based audits from the                                                                          Throughout the year we also worked with
                                                        Since completion, we have conducted customer
suppliers’ technical training teams.                                                                               universities and expert consultants to assess the
                                                        focus groups in the houses to gauge the
The vision for 2020 and beyond is to develop                                                                       design impacts of future regulatory requirements
                                                        attractiveness of the modern layouts and
this platform in collaboration with suppliers and                                                                  in relation to health and wellbeing in new homes.
                                                        elevations. The results were very favourable and
the Safety Management Advisory Service into an          we will be using the knowledge gained in the               Also in 2019, we continued to pursue a hybrid
‘approved installer scheme’ ultimately improving        design of our new house type range. As well as             direct labour model in response to the
installer status across the UK. These initiatives       customer feedback, we gathered detailed                    predicted skills shortage in the housebuilding
are about getting it right first time, enabling us to   information on the construction, commercial and            industry. Our hybrid labour model allows
provide a better quality customer experience and        planning aspects of the houses. We also carried            for the recruitment of both experienced
future proof our Company.                               out post completion testing on the houses to               tradespeople and the attraction and
Following our 2016 architectural competition            assess the various build methodologies in                  development of new talent into a shrinking
with the Royal Institute of British Architects, we      relation to forthcoming improvement of energy              workforce. We will continue to employ and
have built nine prototypes of the winning entry,        measures in the building regulations.                      develop key tradespeople such as bricklayers,
Openstudio Architects’ Infinite House, on three                                                                    carpenters, scaffolders, roofers and painters.
                                                        The use of timber frame construction increased
sites in Glasgow, Manchester and Didcot.                                                                           All of our business units are actively recruiting
                                                        during 2019 in line with the developed strategy
The Infinite House is designed to offer maximum                                                                    apprentices and we are continuing to develop
                                                        to diversify construction methods and we remain
flexibility, customisation, cost efficiency,                                                                       our apprentice training programme, which aims
                                                        on course to achieve the strategy target of 20%
enhanced daylight levels and the ability to use                                                                    to train and develop apprentices at a faster rate
                                                        of all plot completions being built in timber frame
diverse construction techniques.                                                                                   and to a higher standard than the traditional route.
                                                        by the end of 2020.




134     Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
Additionally, we are driving a programme             It was also pleasing to see strong results in key    –– A review of the use of technology in the



                                                                                                                                                               Governance
encouraging those seeking a change of career         areas such as health and wellbeing, customer            business and updates on progress with IT
to join the housebuilding industry, for example      experience and employees’ belief in our                 projects, including the roll out of new
by encouraging the recruitment of ex-Armed           commitment to becoming an inclusive employer.           hardware and how we as a business can
Forces personnel.                                    In addition, we have continued to enhance our           ensure that employees receive training to
                                                     work environment by increasing collaboration            maximise this.
The widely publicised and continuing skills
                                                     through moving to open-plan offices, improving       –– The new Company induction process both at
shortage coupled with shorter build timescales
                                                     site technology, promoting a flexible working           the initial stages and also when it was being
and a desire to improve quality for our customers
                                                     mindset and supporting our employees with our           finalised.
have accelerated our efforts to explore several
                                                     focus on health and wellbeing.                       –– An introduction to the Diversity and Inclusion
off site construction methods in order to build
‘right first time’. We continue to explore new and   We plan to run another ‘Talkback’ survey in             Committee and discussion as to how the NEF
alternative working practices, products and          2021 and again will respond to our employees’           can support and drive its vision.
technologies to improve the operational              feedback. We undertake this engagement               –– Review and feedback on the national results
efficiencies of our business. These alternatives     survey periodically and it forms an important part      of the 2019 employee survey.
can offer improved build speeds, better health       of how we involve, gain feedback from and            –– Agile working, how it is being received within
and safety and improved quality. This may also       communicate with our employees.                         the business units and any actions required to
alleviate the demand for specific skilled                                                                    support it.
                                                     In our regional business units, we have active
tradespeople and could offer a solution in                                                                Furthermore, the Chair of the Remuneration
                                                     Employee Consultation Committees, which
geographical locations where certain                                                                      Committee attended the NEF in January 2020 to
                                                     involve elected representatives meeting with
tradespeople are difficult to source.                                                                     discuss the wider workforce remuneration
                                                     management to consult on appropriate issues.
Our internal Placemaking Design competition is       As we continue to develop our strategy,              policies and practices.
another way in which we continue to improve          senior leaders including the Chief Executive,        We also communicate with our employees via
the quality of the neighbourhoods and                Group Operations Director and Group Human            our half-yearly TeamTalk magazine and regular
communities we deliver. One of the objectives of     Resources Director have chaired strategy focus       TeamTalk email newsletter. Our intranet is
this competition is to stimulate thought             groups. These have provided valuable feedback        continually updated with a wide range of
processes and critical thinking with regard to       and insight on how we can continue to improve        employee information from Human Resources
placemaking, whilst following the framework of       our employee experience, which then helps to         policies, to advice on sustainable living.
‘Building for Life’. The winners and shortlisted     inform our people strategies.                        Information is also regularly cascaded
schemes displayed the key attributes of a                                                                 throughout the Company via email, including
                                                     Furthermore, our National Employee Forum
scheme that has placemaking at the heart of its                                                           regular communications from the Chief Executive
                                                     (NEF) continues to meet regularly, with four
design proposal. Key attributes include achieving                                                         and via verbal briefings and management
                                                     meetings held in 2019. Chaired by a Divisional
character and identity, visual interest, effective                                                        presentations. Furthermore, employees are able
                                                     Managing Director, the NEF ensures the
use of parks and green open spaces, the                                                                   to contact the Chief Executive directly via email,
                                                     employee voice continues to build. The Chief
provision of community infrastructure and a                                                               should they wish to do so.
                                                     Executive has attended meetings as have other
great sense of place. This competition promotes
                                                     members of senior management, including the          The Company has participated in the 2019
and celebrates the stand out schemes across
                                                     Group Finance Director and the Group Human           Workforce Disclosure Initiative which aims to
the country and shares knowledge and best
                                                     Resources Director.                                  provide greater disclosure on workplace
practice around the business.
                                                     Topics of discussion may be proposed by any          practices, including in the areas of supply chain,
                                                     employee, but generally consist of key areas on      employee contracts, and Board oversight of the
Employee involvement and
                                                     which the Company seeks the views of and             Company’s workforce. The initiative is aimed at
communication                                                                                             focusing companies’ attention on workforce
                                                     feedback from employees, including:
Employee engagement                                                                                       practices in areas where there is risk of harmful
                                                     –– Receiving an overview of the Company
We are proud of how committed our employees                                                               workplace practices.
                                                        benefits, including a detailed review of target
are to the long term success of the Company             setting for the Company bonus scheme.             Social media platforms have been utilised to
and we strive to listen and engage with all                                                               inform our employees of developments around
                                                     –– Discussion of the Company’s new vision,
employees. The results from our 2019 employee                                                             the Company and to invite their feedback on
                                                        mission, values and cultural principles,
engagement ‘Talkback’ survey were extremely                                                               them. Our employees have enthusiastically
                                                        including further developing how this meshes
positive with over 3,700 (67%) employees                                                                  engaged with this internal communication
                                                        with the Company’s strategic aim of
choosing to respond and overall employee                                                                  channel and we have seen an increase in
                                                        becoming a truly customer-focused business.
engagement remaining strong at 93%.                                                                       the sharing of examples of best practice.
Additionally, 98% of respondents said they were      –– Roll out of defibrillators throughout all
                                                                                                          Also, the ability of employees to interact and
‘willing to go the extra mile’ and 95% were             Company offices and sites, including the
                                                                                                          share across the Company is leading to the
‘proud to work for Taylor Wimpey’.                      location of the equipment and training prior to
                                                                                                          spread of knowledge and success throughout
                                                        the roll out being actioned.
                                                                                                          the Company.
                                                     –– An overview of how the Board operates,
                                                        including the role of the Chief Executive.




www.taylorwimpey.co.uk                                                                                                                                 135
Statutory, regulatory and other information continued




Recruitment                                               The pre-start content is delivered via a text or    We continued our mental health commitment by
Externally, we have continued to focus on                 email link to the new employee, two weeks prior     providing awareness sessions and training for
improving our careers site and our presence on            to their start date. The content comprises a        employees and line managers focusing on the
digital channels such as LinkedIn and Glassdoor.          blend of videos, articles and downloads which       importance of mental health in the workplace.
We have refined content on our careers site to            aim to excite and engage the new employee,          Our mental health first aiders are able to provide
drive further interest and focus on future talent         and help them believe that they have made a         early intervention help and support to those who
and have done more with content to represent              great decision to join the business.                may be developing a mental health issue. This
the diversity of available careers and the diversity                                                          project is helping to reduce the stigma
                                                          The post-start content delivers a three month
of our workforce. We have also redesigned our                                                                 associated with mental health in the workplace
                                                          experience that supports their local orientation,
whole search and apply interface making it                                                                    and signals to our employees that we value their
                                                          educates them about the business, provides
easier for candidates to find roles based on                                                                  health and wellbeing. This project is further
                                                          introductions to key people, and builds their
location and functional area. We have continued                                                               supported by the Employee Assistance
                                                          connections to housebuilding and their
to develop our external channels to market to                                                                 Programme which is accessible to all employees
                                                          sense of working for a FTSE 100 company.
increase our reach and visibility to a wider                                                                  and provides counselling and support to help
                                                          The post-start content delivers experiences
candidate audience. Carefully selected updates                                                                individuals with issues that may be affecting their
                                                          and information at key times, without
to our social recruitment channels over the                                                                   health and wellbeing.
                                                          overwhelming new employees.
course of the year have resulted in our
new follower audience on Glassdoor and                    The benefits of the Laying the Foundations          Employee share ownership
LinkedIn increasing significantly by 36% and              programme include the attraction of talent to       The Company promotes employee share
72% respectively.                                         the business, a reduction in attrition and an       ownership as widely as possible across the
                                                          increase in retention, improved manager             business. In addition to the various share related
In Glassdoor’s list of Best Places to Work 2020,          satisfaction with new employees, and speeds         reward plans described in the Remuneration
the Company was voted within the top 50 for               up the time taken for new employees to become       Committee report on pages 106 to 131 and
the third year running. This ranking is based             effective in their role.                            referred to below, the Company also offers a
on reviews and ratings from past and present                                                                  scheme whereby employees who do not
employees on topics such as culture and                   Alongside the development of Laying the
                                                                                                              participate in the Executive Incentive Scheme
values, work / life balance, salaries and                 Foundations, our Line Manager and Leadership
                                                                                                              (cash bonus scheme) are offered the opportunity
career opportunities.                                     programmes have been through a redesign
                                                                                                              each year to exchange any cash bonus awarded
                                                          process based on business need. The
In the next year, the careers site’s functionality                                                            for exceptional performance for shares in the
                                                          introduction of the new Company values and
and technology will continue to be improved with                                                              Company, offering a 20% enhancement to the
                                                          required leadership behaviours for the future
a view to creating a better applicant experience.                                                             value if taken entirely in shares and retained for a
                                                          have driven this exercise and we now have a
An overhaul of the look and feel will bring a more                                                            designated period. The scheme has operated
                                                          series of development modules that support our
modern design to the careers pages. If we want                                                                since 2012 and in 2019 resulted in 423,839
                                                          new and existing managers from the start of their
to become an employer of choice, then a strong                                                                shares (2018: 377,277) being acquired by 302
                                                          management career right through to their
first impression is key. New video and photo                                                                  employees (2018: 289).
                                                          development as senior leaders across the
content will also be published in line with this          business. These programmes will be under            In addition, the Company also has two
change. Prospective candidates can now fully              constant review throughout 2020 and beyond to       all-employee share plans, the Save As You Earn
complete an application for any vacancy via a             ensure they remain relevant, are updated at         share option plan and the Share Incentive Plan,
mobile device for the first time, upload their CV         relevant times and continue delivering the skills   which are offered to all UK based employees
from a wider variety of sources and proactively           and behaviours in the business that will help us    once they have worked for the Company for
register their interest in future vacancies so they       to achieve our Company goals.                       three months. The percentage of our eligible
are notified if a new role is posted that fits their                                                          employees who either participate in one or both
interest. All this functionality is critical to attract   Health and wellbeing                                plans or who are already shareholders in the
talent in what we already know is a very                  During 2019, we continued to communicate our        Company is over 57% (2018: 59%).
competitive labour market.                                support for the health and wellbeing of our
                                                          employees through the introduction of a health
Induction                                                 and wellbeing project. This has focused on
Taylor Wimpey aspires to be an employer of                supporting our employees through improved
choice, meaning we want to bring new talent               support and awareness across four main areas:
into the industry, specifically to work for Taylor        mental, financial, social and physical health.
Wimpey. The way we onboard and induct our
employees plays a big part in the efforts to
support this initiative. With this in mind, a
Company-wide induction experience has been
created. The new induction experience is called
‘Laying the Foundations’ and comprises two
parts, a pre-start and post-start experience.




136     Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
Equal opportunities                                       Employment of people with disabilities                  Charitable donations


                                                                                                                                                                       Governance
We strive to treat our employees fairly and               It is our policy that people with disabilities should   We recognise the important work done by
with respect at all times. We have policies and           have fair consideration for all vacancies within        charities around the UK and we aim to make a
processes in place to ensure that we act in               the Group.                                              positive impact through donations of time,
accordance with our vision, mission and values                                                                    money and materials, as well as through
                                                          The Company is therefore committed, where
which include equal opportunities, anti-harassment                                                                encouraging our employees to get involved. Our
                                                          possible, to ensuring that people with disabilities
and bullying, anti-corruption and whistleblowing.                                                                 volunteering policy allows employees to take up
                                                          are supported and encouraged to apply for
We encourage our employees and subcontractors                                                                     to four half days, or two full days, of paid leave
                                                          employment and to achieve progress once
to speak up about concerns over any                                                                               per year to participate in volunteering.
                                                          employed. They will receive an equal opportunity
wrongdoing at work and provide access to an
                                                          to be selected, trained and promoted. In                Our focus is on charities which promote
independent third party whistleblowing hotline.
                                                          addition, every reasonable effort is made for           aspiration and education in disadvantaged
We remain committed to the belief that                    disabled persons to be retained in the                  areas, intervening and improving homeless
embracing diversity and inclusion will enable             employment of the Group by investigating                situations for seriously economically
Taylor Wimpey to succeed through a workforce              reasonable adjustments to the job, workplace            disadvantaged groups in the UK and local
that is creative and innovative. We continue to           or equipment.                                           projects that have a direct link with our regional
actively embrace the local communities in which                                                                   businesses and developments. Our six national
                                                          We have increased the number of employees
we operate and will strive to reflect their richness                                                              charity partners are:
                                                          with disabilities recruited. Working with key
and character, including such aspects as
                                                          partners, we hope to increase permanent                 –– Youth Adventure Trust, which helps young
gender, race and religion but also diversity of
                                                          and secondment opportunities for people                    people fulfil their potential.
thought, background and experience.
                                                          with disabilities.                                      –– End Youth Homelessness, a Centrepoint
As set out in our Diversity Policy, we remain                                                                        led partnership.
                                                          For example, we continue to engage with the
committed to equality of opportunity in all of our                                                                –– Crisis, a homelessness charity.
                                                          Leonard Cheshire Disability Change 100
employment practices, policies and procedures
                                                          Programme, a charity that provides talented             –– St Mungo’s, a homelessness charity.
across the Group. To this end, within the
                                                          disabled students with the opportunity to               –– CRASH, a construction and property industry
framework of applicable law, we are committed,
                                                          participate in a 100-day summer internship                 charity for the homeless.
wherever practicable, to achieving and
                                                          and professional development programme.                 –– Foundations Independent Living Trust, which
maintaining a workforce which broadly reflects
                                                          Feedback from the students who participated in             helps older and vulnerable people live with
that of the local catchment area within which
                                                          the programme in 2019 has been very positive               dignity in their own homes.
we operate.
                                                          and we intend to engage with the programme
No employee or potential employee will receive            further during 2020.                                    The Charity Committee oversees and prioritises
less favourable treatment due to their race,                                                                      our national charity donations. The Committee
                                                                                                                  includes senior leaders such as the Group Human
creed, colour, nationality, ethnic origin, religion,      Modern Slavery Act
political or other opinion, affiliation, gender, sexual                                                           Resources Director and Group General Counsel
                                                          The Company welcomes the aims and                       and Company Secretary, among a variety of other
orientation, marital status, family connections,          objectives of the Modern Slavery Act 2015 and
age, membership or non-membership of a trade                                                                      employees including Directors, managers,
                                                          continues to take its responsibilities under the        personal assistants and graduate trainees.
union, or disability. We are committed to making          Act with the seriousness required and deserved.
reasonable adjustments wherever possible.                 A dedicated multidisciplined team is responsible        In addition to the national charities we support,
In exceptional circumstances, for example                 for ensuring that objectives continue to be met.        our regional businesses have a discretionary
due to health and safety considerations on                The Company will shortly be publishing its fourth       charity budget to support local charities and
construction sites, some adjustments are not              statement under the Modern Slavery Act 2015             initiatives in communities close to our sites.
possible. Our induction content highlights the            which will be available on our website at:              During 2019, Group companies donated
importance of equal opportunities and we share            www.taylorwimpey.co.uk                                  £945,000 (2018: £927,000) to various charities
this information within our recruitment and
                                                                                                                  and local community causes, the majority of
selection training to ensure all are identifying
                                                                                                                  which were in the UK. In addition to giving their
talent in the right way.
                                                                                                                  time in line with our volunteering policy, many
Our Diversity Policy can be found on the                                                                          employees at all levels of the business and all
Company’s website at: www.taylorwimpey.co.uk/                                                                     around the country gave up their work and free
corporate/our-company/governance                                                                                  time to participate in fundraising events for
                                                                                                                  charitable causes, which raised a further
                                                                                                                  £364,000 (2018: £357,000).
                                                                                                                  We want to understand the difference that we
                                                                                                                  are making to our charity partners and how we
                                                                                                                  can increase our impact. During the year, we
                                                                                                                  carried out visits to our charity partners and
                                                                                                                  used their feedback to direct our donations
                                                                                                                  even more effectively.


www.taylorwimpey.co.uk                                                                                                                                          137
Statutory, regulatory and other information continued




Further information on the Group’s donations,                   Accordingly, as a matter of prudent corporate                   Branches
activities and initiatives can be found in the                  governance, the Company will therefore be                       A subsidiary, Taylor Wimpey Developments
Charities section on pages 38 to 39 and in                      seeking the usual annual dispensation from                      Limited, has a branch in Spain, the former
the Sustainability Report 2019 which is                         its shareholders at the 2019 AGM, so as to be                   activities of which were taken over some years
available on the Company’s website at:                          able to continue with the above memberships                     ago by our Spanish subsidiary Taylor Wimpey
www.taylorwimpey.co.uk/corporate/sustainability                 and make charitable donations up to defined                     de España S.A.U, whose details appear on
                                                                levels, without inadvertently breaching the                     page 200.
Political donations                                             applicable legislation.
The Company has a policy of not making                          Further information can be found in the Notice of               Important events since the year end
donations to political parties, and has not                     the AGM on pages 192 to 198.                                    There have been no important events affecting
made any this year and neither does it intend to                                                                                the Company or any of its subsidiary
make any going forward. The Company does                        Agreements                                                      undertakings since 31 December 2019.
support certain industry-wide and trade
                                                                The Company’s borrowing and bank facilities
organisations which directly assist the
                                                                contain the usual change of control provisions                  Directors’ responsibilities statement
housebuilding industry such as the Home Builders
                                                                which could potentially lead to prepayment and                  The Directors are responsible for preparing the
Federation and the Confederation of British
                                                                cancellation by the other party upon a change of                Annual Report and Accounts in accordance with
Industry. Whilst we do not regard this support as
                                                                control of the Company. There are no other                      applicable law and regulations.
political in nature in any way, the Companies Act
                                                                significant contracts or agreements which take
2006 definition of ‘political organisations’ and
                                                                effect, alter or terminate upon a change of
related terms is very wide and in certain
                                                                control of the Company.
circumstances a donation, subscription or
membership fee paid to such organisations or to
a charity could retrospectively be categorised as a
political donation from a strict legal perspective.




Greenhouse gas emissions (scope 1 and 2) and energy use for the period 1 January 2019 – 31 December 2019
We have achieved the Carbon Trust Standard for our overall approach to carbon management, including our policy, strategy and verification of our data
and processes.
​                                                                                                      ​                           2019         2018         2017        2016         2015
Scope 1 GHG emissions – combustion of fuel                                          tonnes CO2e    21,018                                   20,328      18,889       17,983       17,768
Scope 2 GHG emissions – market based                                                tonnes CO2e     3,563                                    4,509       4,794       10,827       12,947
Total scopes 1 and 2 – market based                                                 tonnes CO2e    24,581                                   24,837      23,683       28,809       30,716
                                                                                    tonnes
Emissions per 100 sqm completed homes (scope 1 and 2)                               CO2e/100 sqm     1.62                                     1.73        1.73         2.13         2.40
Operational energy use (fuel and electricity consumption from UK sites and offices) MWh           101,352                                   95,170      89,550       92,236       90,524
Operational energy intensity (UK site and office fuel and electricity intensity
– MWh / 100 sqm completed homes)                                                    MWh / 100 sqm      6.8                                      6.8          6.5          6.8           7.1
Data is provided as tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent (CO2e) for all operations. Scope 1 and 2 emissions are from our sites, offices, show homes and sales areas, plots before sale
and car fleet. Data on scope 3 emissions is included in our Sustainability Report.
We have used the GHG Protocol Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard (revised edition) for data gathered to fulfil our requirements under the Mandatory Carbon Reporting
(MCR) requirements, and emission factors from the Government’s GHG Conversion Factors for our corporate reporting. We use the market-based method of the revised version of the
GHG Protocol Scope 2 Guidance for calculating our scope 2 emissions.
We have reported on the emissions sources required under the Companies Act 2006 (Strategic Report and Directors’ Reports) Regulations 2013 apart from the exclusions noted.
The reported sources fall within our Consolidated Financial Statements and are for emissions over which we have financial control. We do not have responsibility for any emissions
sources that are not included in our consolidated statement.
Operational energy use and operational energy intensity figures are for our UK business only.
The following sources of emissions were excluded or part-excluded from this report:
–– Fugitive emissions (refrigerant gases): excluded on the basis of expected immateriality and difficulty in acquiring data
–– Gas and electricity of part-exchange properties: excluded on the basis of immateriality due to very few completions of this type
–– Certain emissions from District Heating Schemes where we are receiving a rebate from customers prior to handover to the long term operator
–– Certain joint venture properties: where Taylor Wimpey was not part of the handover process. In these cases other homebuilders have captured MCR-related data
See our Carbon Reporting Methodology Statement at www.taylorwimpey.co.uk/corporate/sustainability for more detail on our calculations.
The energy consumption figure in the table relates to UK sites and offices only. If energy use from our fleet and our Spanish sites and offices is included the figure is 116,207 MWh. 98.6%
of this total energy consumption is from the UK and 1.4% from offshore areas (Spain) and 97.7% of total emissions are from the UK and 2.3% from offshore areas (Spain). During the last
year, we have reduced energy and emissions through our purchase of green tariff electricity for our sites during construction, and through the efforts of our Sustainability Champions
including working with Site Managers to increase the use of natural ventilation methods for drying out homes and checking thermostats in show homes to ensure heating is only used
when necessary. This reporting meets the SECR (Streamlined Energy and Carbon Reporting) requirements which commenced for financial years that started on or after 1 April 2019.


138      Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
Company law requires the Directors to prepare          The Directors are responsible for keeping           Responsibility statement


                                                                                                                                                                   Governance
financial statements for each financial year.          adequate accounting records that are sufficient     The Directors confirm that to the best of
Accordingly, Directors are required to prepare         to show and explain the Company’s transactions      their knowledge:
the Group financial statements in accordance           and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any
with International Financial Reporting Standards       time the financial position of the Company, and     –– The financial statements, prepared in
(IFRSs) as adopted by the European Union and           enable them to ensure that the financial               accordance with the relevant financial
Article 4 of the International Accounting              statements comply with the Companies Act               reporting framework, give a true and fair view
Standard (‘IAS’) Regulation and have elected to        2006. They are also responsible for safeguarding       of the assets, liabilities, financial position and
prepare the Parent Company financial                   the assets of the Company and hence for taking         profit or loss of the Company and the
statements in accordance with Financial                reasonable steps for the prevention and                undertakings included in the consolidation
Reporting Standard 101 (United Kingdom                 detection of fraud and other irregularities.           taken as a whole.
Accounting Standards and applicable law).                                                                  –– The Strategic Report includes a fair review of
                                                       The Directors are responsible for the
In accordance with company law, the Directors                                                                 the development and performance of the
                                                       maintenance and integrity of the corporate
must not approve the accounts unless they are                                                                 business and the position of the Company
                                                       and financial information included on the
satisfied that they give a true and fair view of the                                                          and the undertakings included in the
                                                       Company’s website. Legislation in the United
state of affairs of the Company and of the profit                                                             consolidation taken as a whole, together with
                                                       Kingdom governing the preparation and
or loss of the Company for that period.                                                                       a description of the Principal Risks and
                                                       dissemination of financial statements may differ
                                                                                                              uncertainties that they face.
In preparing the parent Company financial              from legislation in other jurisdictions.
statements, the Directors are required to:                                                                 –– The Annual Report and Accounts, taken as a
                                                       In accordance with Section 4, Principle N,             whole, are fair, balanced and understandable
–– Select suitable accounting policies and then        Provision 27 of the Code as set out in the             and provide the information necessary for
   apply them consistently.                            Corporate Governance Report on page 63,                shareholders to assess the Company’s
–– Make judgements and accounting estimates            the Directors are required, inter alia, to ensure      performance, business model and strategy.
   that are reasonable and prudent.                    that the Annual Report and Accounts provides
                                                       the information necessary for shareholders to       This Report of the Directors was approved by
–– State whether applicable UK accounting                                                                  the Board of Directors on 25 February 2020.
   standards have been followed, subject to any        assess the Company’s performance, business
   material departures disclosed and explained in      model and strategy. Details of how this was
   the financial statements.                           addressed are set out in the Audit Committee
                                                       report on page 104.
–– Prepare the financial statements on the going
   concern basis unless it is inappropriate to
                                                                                                           Alice Marsden
   presume that the Company will continue
                                                                                                           Group General Counsel and Company Secretary,
   in business.
                                                                                                           Taylor Wimpey plc
In preparing the Group financial statements,
IAS 1 requires that Directors:                                                                             25 February 2020
–– Properly select and apply accounting policies.
–– Present information, including accounting
   policies, in a manner that provides relevant,
   reliable, comparable and understandable
   information.
–– Provide additional disclosures when compliance
   with the specific requirements in the IFRSs are
   insufficient to enable users to understand the
   impact of particular transactions, other events
   and conditions on the entity’s financial position
   and financial performance.
–– Make an assessment of the Company’s ability
   to continue as a going concern.




www.taylorwimpey.co.uk                                                                                                                                     139
Independent auditor’s report to the
members of Taylor Wimpey plc


Report on the audit of the financial statements                                  2. Basis for opinion
1. Opinion                                                                       We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on
                                                                                 Auditing (UK) (ISAs (UK)) and applicable law. Our responsibilities under
In our opinion:
                                                                                 those standards are further described in the auditor’s responsibilities for
– the financial statements of Taylor Wimpey plc (the ‘Parent Company’)           the audit of the financial statements section of our report.
  and its subsidiaries (the ‘Group’) give a true and fair view of the state of
                                                                                 We are independent of the Group and the Parent Company in accordance
  the Group’s and of the Parent Company’s affairs as at 31 December
                                                                                 with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial
  2019 and of the Group’s profit for the year then ended;
                                                                                 statements in the UK, including the Financial Reporting Council’s
– the Group financial statements have been properly prepared in                  (the ‘FRC’s’) Ethical Standard as applied to listed public interest entities,
  accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSs) as         and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance
  adopted by the European Union and IFRSs as issued by the International         with these requirements. We confirm that the non-audit services prohibited
  Accounting Standards Board (IASB);                                             by the FRC’s Ethical Standard were not provided to the Group or the
– the Parent Company financial statements have been properly prepared            Parent Company.
  in accordance with United Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting
                                                                                 We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and
  Practice, including Financial Reporting Standard 101 “Reduced
                                                                                 appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
  Disclosure Framework”; and
– the financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the             3. Summary of our audit approach
  requirements of the Companies Act 2006 and, as regards the Group               Key audit         The key audit matters that we identified in the current
  financial statements, Article 4 of the IAS Regulation.                         matters           year were:
We have audited the financial statements which comprise:                                           – inventory costing and margin recognition;
– the consolidated income statement;                                                               – defined benefit pension scheme accounting; and
                                                                                                   – accounting for the leasehold provision.
– the consolidated statement of comprehensive income;
                                                                                                   Within this report, key audit matters are identified
– the consolidated and Parent Company balance sheets;                                              as follows:
– the consolidated and Parent Company statements of changes in equity;
                                                                                                        Increased level of risk
– the consolidated cash flow statement; and
– Notes 1 to 33 relating to the consolidated financial statements and                                   Similar level of risk
  Notes 1 to 15 relating to the Parent Company financial statements.                                    Decreased level of risk
The financial reporting framework that has been applied in the preparation       Materiality       The materiality that we used for the Group financial
of the Group financial statements is applicable law and IFRSs as adopted                           statements was £41.0 million which was determined on
by the European Union. The financial reporting framework that has been                             the basis of 5% of pre-tax profit for the year, excluding
applied in the preparation of the Parent Company financial statements is                           exceptional items.
applicable law and United Kingdom Accounting Standards, including
                                                                                 Scoping           Based on our scoping assessment, our Group audit was
FRS 101 “Reduced Disclosure Framework” (United Kingdom Generally
                                                                                                   focused on the UK Housing division (excluding joint
Accepted Accounting Practice).
                                                                                                   ventures) which represented the principal segment within
                                                                                                   the Group and accounted for 97% of the Group’s net
                                                                                                   operating assets, 97% of the Group’s revenue and 96%
                                                                                                   of the Group’s pre-tax profit before exceptional income.
                                                                                 Significant       In relation to the key audit matters, we have removed the
                                                                                 changes in        accounting for the cladding provision as a key audit
                                                                                 our approach      matter in the current year. The provision was established
                                                                                                   in 2018 and the Group has completed replacement
                                                                                                   works at a number of developments during 2019.
                                                                                                   Subsequent to the year end the Group has commenced
                                                                                                   further work on additional developments. Due to the
                                                                                                   progress of the replacement works conducted by the
                                                                                                   Group we no longer consider this area to be a key
                                                                                                   audit matter.
                                                                                                   There have been no other significant changes in
                                                                                                   our approach.




140     Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
                                                                                                                                                                  Strategic report



4. Conclusions relating to going concern, principal risks and viability statement
4.1. Going concern
We have reviewed the Directors’ statement in Note 1 to the financial statements about whether               Going concern is the basis of preparation of



                                                                                                                                                                  Governance
they considered it appropriate to adopt the going concern basis of accounting in preparing them             the financial statements that assumes an
and their identification of any material uncertainties to the Group’s and company’s ability to              entity will remain in operation for a period of
continue to do so over a period of at least twelve months from the date of approval of the                  at least 12 months from the date of approval
financial statements.                                                                                       of the financial statements.
We considered as part of our risk assessment the nature of the Group, its business model and                We confirm that we have nothing material to
related risks including where relevant the impact of Brexit, the requirements of the applicable             report, add or draw attention to in respect of
financial reporting framework and the system of internal control. We evaluated the Directors’               these matters.
assessment of the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, including challenging the
underlying data and key assumptions used to make the assessment, and evaluated the Directors’
plans for future actions in relation to their going concern assessment.




                                                                                                                                                                  Financial statements
We are required to state whether we have anything material to add or draw attention to in relation
to that statement required by Listing Rule 9.8.6R(3) and report if the statement is materially
inconsistent with our knowledge obtained in the audit.



4.2. Principal risks and viability statement
Based solely on reading the Directors’ statements and considering whether they were consistent              Viability means the ability of the Group to
with the knowledge we obtained in the course of the audit, including the knowledge obtained in the          continue over the time horizon considered
evaluation of the Directors’ assessment of the Group’s and the company’s ability to continue as a           appropriate by the Directors.
going concern, we are required to state whether we have anything material to add or draw
attention to in relation to:                                                                                We confirm that we have nothing material to
                                                                                                            report, add or draw attention to in respect of
– the disclosures on pages 45-52 that describe the principal risks, procedures to identify emerging         these matters.
  risks, and an explanation of how these are being managed or mitigated;
– the Directors' confirmation on page 75 that they have carried out a robust assessment of the
  principal and emerging risks facing the Group, including those that would threaten its business
  model, future performance, solvency or liquidity; or
– the Directors’ explanation on pages 52-53 as to how they have assessed the prospects of
  the Group, over what period they have done so and why they consider that period to be
  appropriate, and their statement as to whether they have a reasonable expectation that the
  Group will be able to continue in operation and meet its liabilities as they fall due over the period
  of their assessment, including any related disclosures drawing attention to any necessary
  qualifications or assumptions.
We are also required to report whether the Directors’ statement relating to the prospects of
the Group required by Listing Rule 9.8.6R(3) is materially inconsistent with our knowledge obtained
in the audit.


5. Key audit matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the financial statements of the current
period and include the most significant assessed risks of material misstatement (whether or not due to fraud) that we identified. These matters included
those which had the greatest effect on: the overall audit strategy, the allocation of resources in the audit; and directing the efforts of the engagement team.
These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not
provide a separate opinion on these matters.




 www.taylorwimpey.co.uk 141
www.taylorwimpey.co.uk   141
Independent auditor’s report to the members of Taylor Wimpey plc continued




5. Key audit matters continued
5.1. Inventory costing and margin recognition
Refer to page 105 (Audit Committee report) page 157 (source of estimation uncertainty) and page 167 (financial statements disclosures).

Key audit        The value for inventory as at 31 December 2019 is £4,196.0 million (2018: £4,188.2 million) and as such is the most significant asset on the
matter           balance sheet (page 150). Inventory comprises land and work in progress (‘WIP’); WIP includes the construction cost of developing a site, and is
description      transferred to cost of sales as each legal completion takes place.
                 The Group’s cost allocation framework determines the profit forecasted for each site, and acts as a method of allocating land and build cost of a
                 development to each individual plot, ensuring the forecast gross margin (in percentage terms) to be achieved on each individual plot is equal
                 across the development. This cost allocation framework drives the recognition of costs as each plot is sold. We consider the appropriate margin
                 recognition across the life of the site to be a key audit matter.
                 There is significant judgement and a potential risk of fraud in the following areas:
                 – estimating the selling price and build costs included within the initial site budget. This is due to the inherent judgement relating to
                   forecasting external factors such as future selling prices and build cost inflation which can be impacted by events in the wider
                   macro-economic environment;
                 – appropriately allocating costs such as shared infrastructure costs relating to a development so that the gross profit margin (in percentage
                   terms) budgeted on each individual plot is equal; and
                 – recording the variation when a deviation from the initial budget occurs and ensuring such variations are appropriately spread across the
                   remainder of the development.
                 These judgements impact the carrying value of inventory in the balance sheet and therefore the profit recognised on each plot sold.
How the          We visited a number of the Group’s business units (as described on page 145). During these visits we obtained an understanding of and tested
scope of         the relevant controls in relation to:
our audit        – the preparation and approval of site budgets;
responded
to the key       – the process of recording costs; and
audit matter     – the regular review meetings where Management reviews actual costs against site budgets.
                 We have also performed substantive testing as noted below:
                 For all UK business units we enquired with local Management as to the primary judgements associated with cost allocation. Upon reviewing this
                 correspondence we performed additional substantive procedures targeted to certain developments.
                 For a sample of sites we have analysed completions in the period and compared the achieved margin to the initial margin determined when the
                 original site budget was approved. Where differences fell outside of an acceptable threshold, we performed corroborative inquiries with
                 Management and obtained evidence supporting the variance.
                 For a further sample of sites tested, we have reviewed the total excesses and savings balance identified for each given site, and through
                 recalculation of the expected income statement impact (based on the number of legal completions in the year), we have determined that the
                 excesses and savings have been appropriately allocated and recognised.
                 Through the use of IT interrogation techniques:
                 – we have analysed journal postings being made to the inventory balances to highlight any items which potentially should have been recorded as
                   an expense. Additionally, we have tested WIP additions to the inventory balance to determine whether the costs have been appropriately
                   capitalised, by tracing these through to supporting invoices; and
                 – we have analysed the cumulative cost over time for a sample of live sites to identify any unusual trends in the costs allocated at a site.
                   Where such a trend was identified we performed corroborative inquiries with Management and obtained evidence with regards to the trend.
                 We have analysed the cost per square foot of plots sold at a regional business unit level for the current year and compared this to cost per
                 square foot in previous years, to analyse for any unusual trends which required corroboration from Management.
                 We performed a review of sites where the initial site budget was created a number of years ago, which may indicate the use of an outdated
                 budget. Given the age of these sites, we challenged Management where savings from the budget had been made or additional costs had not
                 been recorded.
                 With the involvement of our internal specialists, who are quantity surveyors, we assessed the costs to complete included within a sample of
                 sites and whether the assumptions used by Management were reasonable. This included reviewing forward looking assumptions in relation to
                 future costs.
Key              Based on the procedures performed, we concluded that the Group’s cost allocation framework appears reasonable for the intended purpose of
observations     recognising appropriate margins on plot completion.
                 The accounting for cost allocation, both at the inception of a site and on an ongoing basis is in line with this framework.




142    Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
5.2. Defined benefit pension scheme accounting                                                                                                                               Strategic report
Refer to page 105 (Audit Committee report) page 157 (key source of estimation uncertainty) and pages 172-176 (financial statements disclosures).

Key audit        The total value of the defined benefit pension scheme at the balance sheet date is a net deficit of £84.5 million (2018: £133.0 million).
matter           The liabilities (including an adjustment for IFRIC 14) and assets are valued at £2,366.7 million (2018: £2,237.2 million) and £2,282.2 million
description      (2018: £2,104.2 million) respectively.
                 As shown on page 175 the position of the scheme is driven by the adjustment for IFRIC 14 and the total value of net deficit matches the




                                                                                                                                                                             Governance
                 contributions the Group is obligated to pay into the scheme in the future. Certain contributions are associated with the funding status of the
                 scheme as detailed on page 173. There is judgement in assessing the nature and quantum of future contributions that the Group is obligated to
                 pay. These judgements impact the value of the future funding contributions and the size of the IFRIC 14 adjustment. This adjustment directly
                 influences the value of the total net deficit.
                 Accounting for a defined benefit pension scheme and the value of liabilities is dependent on significant assumptions, including an assessment of
                 the discount rate, price inflation and key demographic figures including life expectancy and mortality rates. A change in any of these assumptions
                 could cause a material change in the value of the liabilities overall and there is a risk that the calculated net deficit could be in excess of the total
                 value of future contributions the Group is required to pay into the scheme thereby understating the net deficit position.
                 As explained in Note 6 (page 160), in the year the Group introduced a new Pension Increase Exchange (“PIE”) scheme and recorded a
                 £15.3 million exceptional credit in relation to the scheme. There is judgement in estimating the future up-take of the scheme and the financial
                 impact this will have on the value of the net deficit.




                                                                                                                                                                             Financial statements
                 These accounting judgements are inherently complex, require a high level of Management judgement and specialist actuarial input.
How the          We assessed the competence and objectivity of the qualified actuary engaged by the Group to value the scheme’s defined benefits pension
scope of         position under IAS 19 “Employee benefits”.
our audit        We reviewed the pension scheme documentation to determine the size and nature of the future funding contributions. This included reviewing the
responded        judgements made by Management’s actuaries in determining the future funding status of the scheme. In doing so we reviewed the schedule of
to the key
                 payments the Group is obligated to provide and checked whether the calculation was arithmetically correct.
audit matter
                 With involvement of our internal actuarial specialists we assessed the appropriateness of the assumptions used to account for the defined benefit
                 scheme. This included comparison of key data with market benchmarks and to challenge the methodology used by the scheme actuary. We
                 considered whether each of the key assumptions was reasonable in isolation and collectively in determining the pension liability at the balance
                 sheet date. Furthermore, we have performed a sensitivity analysis on the key assumptions determined by the Directors.
                 With involvement of our internal actuarial specialists we have also reviewed the quantum and the methodology used to determine the
                 PIE adjustment.
Key              Based on the procedures performed, we concurred with the IFRIC 14 adjustment recorded and that this included the relevant funding
observations     commitments the Group has, based on the current schedule of payments agreed during the latest triennial valuation.
                 We concluded that the methodology and assumptions used in valuing the pension scheme liabilities are within an acceptable range.
                 We concluded that the quantum of the PIE adjustment and the methodology used to calculate it are reasonable.
                 We concurred with the inclusion of Accounting for Employee Benefits as a key source of estimation uncertainty in Note 1 to the consolidated
                 financial statements.




 www.taylorwimpey.co.uk 143
www.taylorwimpey.co.uk   143
Independent auditor’s report to the members of Taylor Wimpey plc continued




5. Key audit matters continued
5.3. Accounting for the leasehold provision
Refer to page 157 (source of estimation uncertainty) and page 177 (financial statements disclosures).

Key audit          The provision the Group has made in relation to remediating certain historical lease structures at 31 December 2019 stands at £72.2 million
matter             (2018: £102.1 million), the reduction relating to costs incurred and payments made over the twelve month period.
description        Accounting for these provisions is complex and involves Management making a number of forward-looking estimates. The judgements related to
                   this key audit matter lie in estimating the number and value of final settlements with the stakeholders impacted by the historical lease structure.
                   This provision has multiple components that relate to payments to a number of parties including freeholders and individual customers. Within the
                   provision are additional costs relating to the implementation of the measures that have been identified.
                   There is a risk that the number of claimants or the value of the costs provided are inaccurately estimated or valued.
How the            In addressing this key audit matter we have obtained Management’s current estimation of the total costs. For each component of the
scope of           provision we have performed procedures to assess, based on current facts and circumstances, whether the estimates made by Management
our audit          are accurate.
responded          We have had correspondence with legal counsel to ascertain whether Management’s model reflects the progress of negotiations that have been
to the key
                   held with freeholders.
audit matter
                   The largest component of this calculation are the payments to be made to freeholders in order to alter the terms of the leases. In order to verify
                   these amounts we have confirmed the status of negotiations with freeholders and, where these negotiations had been completed, obtained a
                   sample of the agreements and recalculated the specific amounts that have been provided for. Where these negotiations have not been
                   completed we have assessed the value that was provided for these freeholder payments.
                   We have also assessed the additional costs the Group is required to pay in order to remediate certain historical lease structures.
Key                Based on the procedures performed and considering the judgements as a whole and the potential range of outcomes, we consider that the
observations       value provided by Management is appropriate.


6. Our application of materiality
6.1. Materiality
We define materiality as the magnitude of misstatement in the financial statements that makes it probable that the economic decisions of a reasonably
knowledgeable person would be changed or influenced. We use materiality both in planning the scope of our audit work and in evaluating the results of
our work.
Based on our professional judgement, we determined materiality for the financial statements as a whole as follows:
                       Group financial statements                                               Parent Company financial statements
Materiality            £41.0 million (2018: £42.0 million)                                      £38.6 million (2018: £39.2 million)
Basis for              5% (2018: 5%) of pre-tax profit for the year, excluding exceptional      1% (2018: 1%) of net assets of £3,862.4 million (2018: £3,918.2 million).
determining            items, of £821.6 million (2018: £856.8 million) as described on
materiality            page 148.
Rationale for the      Pre-tax profit, excluding exceptional items, has been chosen             Net assets is used as the benchmark as this entity is a Parent
benchmark              for the basis for materiality as this is the measure by which            Company and not a trading entity.
applied                stakeholders and the market assess the wider performance
                       of the entity. The exceptional items are excluded as they do
                       not represent part of the underlying trading performance of
                       the business.




144    Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
6.2. Performance materiality                                                       7.2. Our consideration of the control environment                                Strategic report
We set performance materiality at a level lower than materiality to                In assessing the control environment of the Group, we performed testing
reduce the probability that, in aggregate, uncorrected and undetected              of the relevant general IT controls associated with the production of
misstatements exceed the materiality for the financial statements as a             certain system generated data from the key accounting, reporting and
whole. Group performance materiality was set at 70% of Group materiality           consolidation systems. We also considered the relevant controls related
for the 2019 audit (2018: 70%). In determining performance materiality,            to certain business processes. These processes were cost allocation,
we considered the following factors:                                               inventory and work in progress expenditure, budgeting, land creditor



                                                                                                                                                                    Governance
– our risk assessment, including our assessment of the Group’s overall             valuation and the private sales revenue process. This was to assess
  control environment and that we consider it appropriate to rely on               whether we could adopt a controls reliance approach which would impact
  controls over a number of business processes; and                                the extent of substantive audit testing that was required.

– our past experience of the audit, which has indicated a low number of            We selected a sample of relevant controls for testing based on the
  corrected and uncorrected misstatements identified in prior periods.             frequency of each control. Based on the procedures performed we were
                                                                                   able to take a controls reliance approach on the IT systems and in the
6.3. Error reporting threshold                                                     business processes that we planned to and we did not significantly alter
We agreed with the Audit Committee that we would report to the Committee           our audit approach.
all audit differences in excess of £2.0 million (2018: £2.0 million), as well as
differences below that threshold that, in our view, warranted reporting on         8. Other information
qualitative grounds. We also report to the Audit Committee on disclosure           The Directors are responsible for the other information. The other




                                                                                                                                                                    Financial statements
matters that we identified when assessing the overall presentation of the          information comprises the information included in the annual report,
financial statements.                                                              other than the financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.
7. An overview of the scope of our audit                                           Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other
                                                                                   information and, except to the extent otherwise explicitly stated in our
7.1. Identification and scoping of components
                                                                                   report, we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
Our Group audit was scoped by obtaining an understanding of the Group
and its environment, including Group-wide controls, and assessing the              In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility
risks of material misstatement at the Group level. Based on that                   is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the
assessment, we focused our Group audit scope primarily on the UK                   other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements
Housing division (excluding joint ventures) which represents the principal         or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be
segment within the Group and accounts for 97% (2018: 98%) of the                   materially misstated.
Group’s net operating assets, 97% (2018: 97%) of the Group’s revenue               If we identify such material inconsistencies or apparent material
and 96% (2018: 97%) of the Group’s pre-tax profit before exceptional               misstatements, we are required to determine whether there is a material
items. Our audit work on the principal segment was executed at a lower             misstatement in the financial statements or a material misstatement of the
level of materiality (£39.0 million (2018: £39.9 million)).                        other information. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude
We audited all of the Group’s UK subsidiaries which are subject to audit at        that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are
statutory materiality level, which in most cases is substantially lower than       required to report that fact.
Group materiality. The subsidiary statutory audits were finalised subsequent       In this context, matters that we are specifically required to report to you as
to the audit of the Group financial statements.                                    uncorrected material misstatements of the other information include where
For the Spanish operations and material joint ventures desktop review              we conclude that:
procedures were conducted by the UK team.                                          – Fair, balanced and understandable – the statement given by the
At the Group level we also tested the consolidation process and carried              Directors that they consider the annual report and financial statements
out analytical procedures to confirm our conclusion that there were no               taken as a whole is fair, balanced and understandable and provides the
significant risks of material misstatement of the aggregated financial               information necessary for shareholders to assess the Group’s position
information of the remaining components not subject to audit or audit of             and performance, business model and strategy, is materially inconsistent
specified account balances.                                                          with our knowledge obtained in the audit; or
                                                                                   – Audit Committee reporting – the section describing the work of the Audit
The audit was performed centrally and includes all of the 24 regional
                                                                                     Committee does not appropriately address matters communicated by us
business units within the Group’s UK housing division. We chose to visit a
                                                                                     to the Audit Committee; or
sample of these business units on a rotational basis. The purpose of these
visits was to conduct procedures over selected controls that are in place at       – Directors’ statement of compliance with the UK Corporate Governance
each business unit and also to perform substantive testing of certain                Code – the parts of the Directors’ statement required under the Listing
balances. In the current year we performed regional visits to four (2018:            Rules relating to the company’s compliance with the UK Corporate
four) locations. In addition we also visited other business units throughout         Governance Code containing provisions specified for review by the
the entity. During these visits we assessed the commonality of the controls          auditor in accordance with Listing Rule 9.8.10R(2) do not properly
in line with the group-wide controls identified, as well as performing               disclose a departure from a relevant provision of the UK Corporate
substantive testing. This was performed at four (2018: four) locations.              Governance Code.

The Parent Company is located in the UK and audited directly by the                We have nothing to report in respect of these matters.
Group audit team to the materiality level specified above.




 www.taylorwimpey.co.uk 145
www.taylorwimpey.co.uk   145
Independent auditor’s report to the members of Taylor Wimpey plc continued




9. Responsibilities of Directors                                                 11.1. Identifying and assessing potential risks related
As explained more fully in the Directors’ responsibilities statement, the        to irregularities
Directors are responsible for the preparation of the financial statements and    In identifying and assessing risks of material misstatement in respect of
for being satisfied that they give a true and fair view, and for such internal   irregularities, including fraud and non-compliance with laws and
control as the Directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of     regulations, we considered the following:
financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due       – the nature of the industry and sector, control environment and
to fraud or error.                                                                 business performance including the design of the Group’s remuneration
In preparing the financial statements, the Directors are responsible for           policies, key drivers for Directors’ remuneration, bonus levels and
assessing the Group’s and the Parent Company’s ability to continue as a            performance targets;
going concern, disclosing as applicable, matters related to going concern        – results of our enquiries of management, internal audit and the
and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the Directors either        Audit Committee about their own identification and assessment of the
intend to liquidate the Group or the Parent Company or to cease                    risks of irregularities;
operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.
                                                                                 – any matters we identified having obtained and reviewed the Group’s
10. Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the                                documentation of their policies and procedures relating to:
financial statements                                                               – identifying, evaluating and complying with laws and regulations and
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the                  whether they were aware of any instances of non-compliance;
financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement,               – detecting and responding to the risks of fraud and whether they have
whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes        knowledge of any actual, suspected or alleged fraud;
our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a       – the internal controls established to mitigate risks of fraud or
guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs (UK) will always           non-compliance with laws and regulations;
detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise
                                                                                 – the matters discussed among the audit engagement team and involving
from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the
                                                                                   relevant internal specialists, including tax, actuarial, IT and quantity
aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
                                                                                   surveyor specialists regarding how and where fraud might occur in the
decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.
                                                                                   financial statements and any potential indicators of fraud.
Details of the extent to which the audit was considered capable of               As a result of these procedures, we considered the opportunities and
detecting irregularities, including fraud and non-compliance with laws and       incentives that may exist within the organisation for fraud and identified the
regulations are set out below.                                                   greatest potential for fraud in the inventory costing and margin recognition
A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial     and revenue recognised on a percentage of completion basis. In common
statements is located on the FRC’s website at:                                   with all audits under ISAs (UK), we are also required to perform specific
www.frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities. This description forms part of our      procedures to respond to the risk of management override.
auditor’s report.                                                                We also obtained an understanding of the legal and regulatory framework
11. Extent to which the audit was considered capable of                          that the Group operates in, focusing on provisions of those laws and
                                                                                 regulations that had a direct effect on the determination of material
detecting irregularities, including fraud
                                                                                 amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. The key laws and
We identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial       regulations we considered in this context included the UK Companies Act,
statements, whether due to fraud or error, and then design and perform           Listing Rules, pensions legislation, tax legislation, and housebuilding and
audit procedures responsive to those risks, including obtaining audit            construction legislation.
evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for
our opinion.




146     Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
11.2. Audit response to risks identified                                        13. Matters on which we are required to report                                  Strategic report
As a result of performing the above, we identified inventory costing and        by exception
margin recognition as a key audit matter related to the potential risk of       13.1. Adequacy of explanations received and accounting records
fraud. The key audit matters section of our report explains the matter in
                                                                                Under the Companies Act 2006 we are required to report to you if,
more detail and also describes the specific procedures we performed in
                                                                                in our opinion:
response to that key audit matter.
                                                                                – we have not received all the information and explanations we require
In addition to the above, our procedures to respond to risks identified


                                                                                                                                                                Governance
                                                                                  for our audit; or
included the following:
                                                                                – adequate accounting records have not been kept by the Parent
– reviewing the financial statement disclosures and testing to supporting
                                                                                  Company, or returns adequate for our audit have not been received from
  documentation to assess compliance with provisions of relevant
                                                                                  branches not visited by us; or
  laws and regulations described as having a direct effect on the
  financial statements;                                                         – the Parent Company financial statements are not in agreement with the
                                                                                  accounting records and returns.
– enquiring of management, the Audit Committee and in-house and
  external legal counsel concerning actual and potential litigation             We have nothing to report in respect of these matters.
  and claims;                                                                   13.2. Directors’ remuneration
– performing analytical procedures to identify any unusual or unexpected        Under the Companies Act 2006 we are also required to report if in our
  relationships that may indicate risks of material misstatement due




                                                                                                                                                                Financial statements
                                                                                opinion certain disclosures of Directors’ remuneration have not been made
  to fraud;                                                                     or the part of the Directors’ remuneration report to be audited is not in
– reading minutes of meetings of those charged with governance and              agreement with the accounting records and returns.
  reviewing internal audit reports;
                                                                                We have nothing to report in respect of these matters.
– in addressing the fraud risk in revenue recognised on a percentage
  completion basis, which is primarily within the partnership housing           14. Other matters
  revenue stream, we have tested a sample of revenue recorded in the            14.1. Auditor tenure
  year through agreement to the contract, valuation certificates and bank
                                                                                Following the recommendation of the Audit Committee, we were
  statements. Additionally, at an analytical review level, we developed an
                                                                                reappointed by the shareholders on 25 April 2019 to audit the financial
  expectation of the revenue balance with reference to the unit completion
                                                                                statements for the year ending 31 December 2019 and subsequent
  figures; and
                                                                                financial periods.
– in addressing the risk of fraud through management override of controls,
                                                                                Following the merger of Taylor Woodrow and George Wimpey in 2007,
  testing the appropriateness of journal entries and other adjustments;
                                                                                we were appointed as auditor of the merged Group for subsequent
  assessing whether the judgements made in making accounting
                                                                                financial periods. The period of total uninterrupted engagement of the
  estimates are indicative of a potential bias; and evaluating the business
                                                                                merged Group is 13 years from the year ended 31 December 2007 to
  rationale of any significant transactions that are unusual or outside the
                                                                                31 December 2019. Prior to that we were the auditor of Taylor Woodrow.
  normal course of business.
                                                                                As explained on page 102, our final year of association with the Group will
We also communicated relevant identified laws and regulations and
                                                                                be the year ending 31 December 2020. After the 2020 year-end we are
potential fraud risks to all engagement team members including internal
                                                                                required to mandatorily rotate from our role as auditor.
specialists, and remained alert to any indications of fraud or non-
compliance with laws and regulations throughout the audit.                      14.2. Consistency of the audit report with the additional report
                                                                                to the Audit Committee
Report on other legal and regulatory requirements
                                                                                Our audit opinion is consistent with the additional report to the Audit
12. Opinions on other matters prescribed by the                                 Committee we are required to provide in accordance with ISAs (UK).
Companies Act 2006
In our opinion the part of the Directors’ remuneration report to be audited
                                                                                15. Use of our report
has been properly prepared in accordance with the Companies Act 2006.           This report is made solely to the company’s members, as a body,
                                                                                in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the Companies Act 2006.
In our opinion, based on the work undertaken in the course of the audit:
                                                                                Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might state to the
– the information given in the strategic report and the Directors’ report for   company’s members those matters we are required to state to them in
  the financial year for which the financial statements are prepared is         an auditor’s report and for no other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted
  consistent with the financial statements; and                                 by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than
– the strategic report and the Directors’ report have been prepared in          the company and the company’s members as a body, for our audit work,
  accordance with applicable legal requirements.                                for this report, or for the opinions we have formed.
In the light of the knowledge and understanding of the Group and the
Parent Company and their environment obtained in the course of the audit,
we have not identified any material misstatements in the strategic report or
the Directors’ report.
                                                                                Dean Cook MA FCA (Senior statutory auditor)
                                                                                for and on behalf of Deloitte LLP
                                                                                Statutory Auditor
                                                                                London, United Kingdom

                                                                                25 February 2020




 www.taylorwimpey.co.uk 147
www.taylorwimpey.co.uk   147
Consolidated income statement
for the year to 31 December 2019

                                                                                Before                                      Before
                                                                            exceptional       Exceptional               exceptional   Exceptional
                                                                                 items             items        Total        items         items          Total
£ million                                                         Note            2019              2019        2019          2018          2018          2018

Continuing operations
Revenue                                                              4        4,341.3                  –     4,341.3     4,082.0               –       4,082.0
Cost of sales                                                                (3,297.2)                 –    (3,297.2)   (3,007.5)              –      (3,007.5)
Gross profit before positive contribution                                    1,034.0                   –    1,034.0      1,066.8               –      1,066.8
Positive contribution from written down inventory                               10.1                   –       10.1          7.7               –          7.7
Gross profit                                                                 1,044.1                  –     1,044.1      1,074.5              –       1,074.5
Net operating expenses                                               6        (201.6)              14.3      (187.3)      (199.6)         (46.1)       (245.7)
Profit on ordinary activities before finance costs                              842.5              14.3       856.8        874.9          (46.1)        828.8
Finance income                                                       8            2.9                 –         2.9           2.9             –            2.9
Finance costs                                                        8          (31.8)                –       (31.8)        (26.3)            –          (26.3)
Share of results of joint ventures                                  13            8.0                 –         8.0           5.3             –            5.3
Profit before taxation                                                          821.6              14.3       835.9         856.8         (46.1)        810.7
Taxation charge                                                      9         (159.3)             (2.7)     (162.0)       (162.3)          8.2        (154.1)
Profit for the year                                                             662.3              11.6       673.9        694.5          (37.9)        656.6

                                                                  Note                                          2019                                      2018

Basic earnings per share                                            10                                        20.6p                                     20.1p
Diluted earnings per share                                          10                                        20.6p                                     20.0p
Adjusted basic earnings per share                                   10                                        20.3p                                     21.3p
Adjusted diluted earnings per share                                 10                                        20.2p                                     21.2p

All of the profit for the year is attributable to the equity holders of the Parent Company.




148         Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019                                                                www.taylorwimpey.co.uk     148
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income

                                                                                                                                     Strategic report
for the year to 31 December 2019

£ million                                                                                                   Note    2019     2018

Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                                                    25     (5.5)     1.5
Movement in fair value of hedging instruments                                                                25      4.1     (0.7)
Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
Actuarial loss on defined benefit pension schemes                                                            21     (8.9)   (84.3)




                                                                                                                                     Governance
Tax credit on items taken directly to other comprehensive income                                             14      1.7     14.7
Other comprehensive expense for the year net of tax                                                                 (8.6)   (68.8)
Profit for the year                                                                                                673.9    656.6
Total comprehensive income for the year                                                                            665.3    587.8

All of the comprehensive income for the year is attributable to the equity holders of the Parent Company.




                                                                                                                                     Financial statements




 www.taylorwimpey.co.uk 149
www.taylorwimpey.co.uk   149
Consolidated balance sheet
at 31 December 2019

£ million                                                                                                            Note          2019              2018

Non-current assets
Intangible assets                                                                                                     11            7.0              3.2
Property, plant and equipment                                                                                         12           25.6             21.6
Right-of-use assets                                                                                                   19           27.4             27.1
Interests in joint ventures                                                                                           13           55.3             48.3
Trade and other receivables                                                                                           16           43.7             55.7
Deferred tax assets                                                                                                   14           29.8             40.7
                                                                                                                                 188.8             196.6
Current assets
Inventories                                                                                                           15       4,196.0          4,188.2
Trade and other receivables                                                                                           16         161.0            134.7
Tax receivables                                                                                                                      –              0.5
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                             16         630.4            734.2
                                                                                                                               4,987.4          5,057.6
Total assets                                                                                                                   5,176.2          5,254.2
Current liabilities
Trade and other payables                                                                                              18         (974.8)        (1,044.3)
Lease liabilities                                                                                                     19           (7.6)              (8.2)
Tax payables                                                                                                                      (67.9)            (70.4)
Provisions                                                                                                            22          (72.7)            (76.9)
                                                                                                                               (1,123.0)        (1,199.8)
Net current assets                                                                                                             3,864.4          3,857.8
Non-current liabilities
Trade and other payables                                                                                              18         (499.7)          (491.3)
Lease liabilities                                                                                                     19          (20.3)            (19.2)
Bank and other loans                                                                                                  17          (84.7)            (90.1)
Retirement benefit obligations                                                                                        21          (85.0)          (133.6)
Provisions                                                                                                            22          (55.7)            (93.4)
                                                                                                                                 (745.4)          (827.6)
Total liabilities                                                                                                              (1,868.4)        (2,027.4)


Net assets                                                                                                                     3,307.8          3,226.8


Equity
Share capital                                                                                                         23         288.6            288.5
Share premium                                                                                                         24         762.9            762.9
Own shares                                                                                                            26         (17.6)            (22.7)
Other reserves                                                                                                        25          43.6              45.0
Retained earnings                                                                                                              2,230.3          2,153.1
Total equity                                                                                                                   3,307.8          3,226.8

The financial statements of Taylor Wimpey plc (registered number: 296805) were approved by the Board of Directors and authorised for issue on
25 February 2020. They were signed on its behalf by:




P Redfern                                               C Carney
Director                                                Director




150         Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
Consolidated statement of changes in equity

                                                                                                                                        Strategic report
for the year to 31 December 2019

                                                                        Share       Share     Own       Other   Retained
£ million                                                              capital   premium    shares   reserves   earnings       Total

Total equity at 1 January 2018                                         288.5      762.9     (21.3)     44.2     2,063.0     3,137.3
Other comprehensive income/(expense) for the year net of tax                –          –        –        0.8      (69.6)      (68.8)
Profit for the year                                                         –          –        –          –     656.6       656.6
Total comprehensive income for the year                                     –          –        –        0.8      587.0       587.8
Impact on adoption of IFRS 16                                               –          –        –          –        (1.5)       (1.5)



                                                                                                                                        Governance
Own shares acquired                                                         –          –     (9.9)         –           –        (9.9)
Utilisation of own shares                                                   –          –      8.5          –           –         8.5
Cash cost of satisfying share options                                       –          –        –          –        (7.0)       (7.0)
Share-based payment credit                                                  –          –        –          –       12.2        12.2
Tax charge on items taken directly to statement of changes in equity        –          –        –          –        (1.1)       (1.1)
Dividends approved and paid                                                 –          –        –          –     (499.5)     (499.5)
Total equity at 31 December 2018                                       288.5      762.9     (22.7)     45.0     2,153.1     3,226.8
Other comprehensive expense for the year net of tax                         –          –        –       (1.4)     (7.2)       (8.6)
Profit for the year                                                         –          –        –          –     673.9       673.9




                                                                                                                                        Financial statements
Total comprehensive (expense)/income for the year                          –           –        –       (1.4)     666.7       665.3
New share capital subscribed                                             0.1           –        –          –          –         0.1
Utilisation of own shares                                                  –           –      5.1          –          –         5.1
Cash cost of satisfying share options                                      –           –        –          –        0.3         0.3
Share-based payment credit                                                 –           –        –          –        8.0         8.0
Tax credit on items taken directly to statement of changes in equity       –           –        –          –        1.9         1.9
Dividends approved and paid                                                –           –        –          –     (599.7)     (599.7)
Total equity at 31 December 2019                                       288.6      762.9     (17.6)     43.6     2,230.3     3,307.8




 www.taylorwimpey.co.uk 151
www.taylorwimpey.co.uk   151
Consolidated cash flow statement
for the year to 31 December 2019

£ million                                                             Note      2019      2018

Profit on ordinary activities before finance costs                           856.8      828.8
Adjustments for:
  Depreciation and amortisation                                                13.5       13.1
  Pension contributions in excess of charge to the income statement           (60.6)     (16.1)
  Share-based payment charge                                                    8.0       12.2
  Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment                               –        (0.2)
  (Decrease)/increase in provisions excluding exceptional payments             (6.2)      32.1
Operating cash flows before movements in working capital                     811.5      869.9
Increase in inventories                                                      (21.7)        (1.7)
Increase in receivables                                                      (12.7)      (10.9)
Decrease in payables                                                         (74.9)      (41.9)
Cash generated by operations                                                  702.2      815.4
Payments related to exceptional charges                                       (36.8)      (25.9)
Income taxes paid                                                            (149.0)    (139.6)
Interest paid                                                                  (6.4)        (8.6)
Net cash from operating activities                                           510.0      641.3


Investing activities
Interest received                                                               2.9         2.8
Dividends received from joint ventures                                          7.4       14.3
Proceeds on disposal of property, plant and equipment                             –         0.4
Purchase of property, plant and equipment                              12      (7.2)       (2.1)
Purchase of software                                                   11      (5.4)       (0.3)
Amounts invested in joint ventures                                             (6.3)       (6.4)
Net cash (used in)/generated from investing activities                         (8.6)        8.7


Financing activities
Lease capital repayments                                                        (8.4)      (8.3)
Proceeds from the issue of own shares                                            0.1          –
Cash received on exercise of share options                                       5.4        1.5
Purchase of own shares                                                             –       (9.9)
Dividends paid                                                               (599.7)    (499.5)
Net cash used in financing activities                                        (602.6)    (516.2)
Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                         (101.2)    133.8
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                                734.2     600.5
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                        (2.6)      (0.1)
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                               27    630.4      734.2




152         Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
Notes to the consolidated financial statements

1. Significant accounting policies                                                      The interest of non-controlling shareholders is stated at the non-controlling       Strategic report
                                                                                        interest’s proportion of the fair value of the assets and liabilities recognised.
Basis of preparation
                                                                                        Subsequently, all comprehensive income is attributed to the owners and
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going                     the non-controlling interests, which may result in the non-controlling
concern basis and under the historical cost convention, except as                       interest having a debit balance.
otherwise stated below.
                                                                                        The results of subsidiaries acquired or disposed of during the year are
The principal accounting policies adopted, which have been applied                      included in the consolidated income statement from the effective date



                                                                                                                                                                            Governance
consistently, except as otherwise stated, are set out below.                            of acquisition or up to the effective date of disposal, as appropriate.
Adoption of new and revised standards                                                   Where a subsidiary is disposed of which constituted a major line of
                                                                                        business, it is disclosed as a discontinued operation. Where necessary,
The Group has adopted and applied the following standards and
                                                                                        adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring
amendments in the year, which are relevant to its operations, none of
                                                                                        the accounting policies used into line with those used by the Group.
which had a material impact on the financial statements.
                                                                                        All intra-Group transactions, balances, income and expenses are
– IFRIC 23 ‘Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments’                                     eliminated on consolidation.
– IAS 28 ‘Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures’ (amendments) –                  Joint ventures
  long term interests in associates and joint ventures
                                                                                        Undertakings are deemed to be a joint venture when the Group has joint
– IAS 19 ‘Employee Benefits’ (amendments) – plan amendment,                             control of the rights and assets of the undertaking via either voting rights or




                                                                                                                                                                            Financial statements
  curtailment or settlement                                                             a formal agreement which includes that unanimous consent is required for
– Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards 2015-2017 Cycle                                 strategic, financial and operating decisions. Joint ventures are consolidated
                                                                                        under the equity accounting method. On transfer of land and/or work in
At the date of authorisation of these financial statements, the Group has               progress to joint ventures, the Group recognises only its share of any
not applied the following new or revised standards and interpretations that             profits or losses.
have been issued but are not yet effective:
                                                                                        Joint operations arise where the Group has joint control of an operation but
– Amendments to References to the Conceptual Framework in                               has rights to only its own assets and obligations related to the operation.
  IFRS Standards                                                                        These assets and obligations, and the Group’s share of revenues and
– IFRS 3 ‘Business Combinations’ (amendments) – definition of a business                costs, are included in the Group’s results.
– IAS 1 ‘Presentation of Financial Statements’ and IAS 8 ‘Accounting                    Joint ventures and joint operations are entered into to develop specific
  Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors’                                 sites. Each arrangement is site or project specific and once the
  (amendments) – definition of material                                                 development or project is complete the arrangement is wound down.
The Directors do not expect that the adoption of the standards,                         Segmental reporting
amendments and interpretations listed above will have a material impact on              The Group operates in the United Kingdom and Spain.
the financial statements of the Group.
                                                                                        The United Kingdom is split into three geographical operating segments,
Going concern                                                                           each managed by a Divisional Chair who sits on the Group Management
The Group has prepared forecasts, including certain sensitivities, taking               Team. In addition, there is an operating segment covering the corporate
into account the Principal Risks identified on pages 48 to 52. Having                   functions, Major Developments and Strategic Land.
considered these forecasts, the Directors remain of the view that the                   As a result, the Group has the following reporting segments:
Group’s financing arrangements and capital structure provide both the
necessary facilities and covenant headroom to enable the Group to                       – Housing United Kingdom:
conduct its business for at least the next 12 months.                                     – North
Accordingly, the consolidated financial statements have been prepared on                  – Central and South West
a going concern basis.                                                                    – London and South East (including Central London)
Basis of accounting                                                                       – Corporate
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance                  – Housing Spain
with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the               Revenue
European Union.
                                                                                        Revenue is recognised when the performance obligation associated with the
Basis of consolidation                                                                  sale is completed. The transaction price comprises the fair value of the
The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of           consideration received or receivable, net of value added tax, rebates and
the Company and entities controlled by the Company (its subsidiaries) made              discounts and after eliminating sales within the Group. Revenue and profit
up to 31 December each year. Control is achieved where the Company:                     are recognised as follows:
– has the power over the investee;                                                        (a) Housing and land sales
– is exposed, or has rights, to variable return from its involvement with                 Revenue is recognised in the income statement when control is
  the investee; and                                                                       transferred to the customer. This is deemed to be when title of the
                                                                                          property passes to the customer on legal completion and the
– has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.                                 performance obligation associated with the sale is completed.
On acquisition, the assets and liabilities and contingent liabilities of a subsidiary
                                                                                          Revenue in respect of the sale of residential properties, whether under
are measured at their fair value at the date of acquisition. Any excess of the
                                                                                          the Government’s Help to Buy scheme or not, is recognised at the fair
cost of acquisition over the fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired
                                                                                          value of the consideration received or receivable on legal completion.
is recognised as goodwill. Any deficiency of the cost of acquisition below
the fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired (i.e. discount on
acquisition) is credited to the income statement in the period of acquisition.


 www.taylorwimpey.co.uk 153
www.taylorwimpey.co.uk   153
Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




1. Significant accounting policies continued                                    Finance income
  (b) Long term contracts                                                       Interest income on bank deposits is recognised on an accruals basis.
  Revenue arising on contracts which give the customer control over             Also included in interest receivable are interest and interest-related
  properties as they are constructed, and for which the Group has a right       payments the Group receives on other receivables.
  to payments for work performed, is recognised over time. Revenue and          Finance costs
  costs are recognised over time with reference to the stage of completion
                                                                                Borrowing costs are recognised on an accruals basis and are payable on
  of the contract activity at the balance sheet date where the outcome of a
                                                                                the Group’s borrowings and lease liabilities. Also included are the
  long term contract can be estimated reliably. This is normally measured
                                                                                amortisation of fees associated with the arrangement of the financing.
  by surveys of work performed to date. Variations in contract work, claims
  and incentive payments are included to the extent that it is probable that    Finance charges, including premiums payable on settlement or
  they will result in revenue and they are capable of being reliably            redemption, and direct issue costs, are accounted for on an accruals basis
  measured. When legal title to land is transferred at the start of a long      in the income statement using the effective interest method and are added
  term contract, revenue is recognised at that point in time for the land.      to the carrying amount of the instrument to the extent that they are not
                                                                                settled in the period in which they arise.
  Where the outcome of a long term contract cannot be estimated
  reliably, contract revenue where recoverability is probable is recognised     Capitalised finance costs are held in other receivables and amortised over
  to the extent of contract costs incurred. The costs associated with           the period of the facility.
  fulfilling a contract are recognised as expenses in the period in which
                                                                                Foreign currencies
  they are incurred. When it is probable that total contract costs will
  exceed total contract revenue, the expected loss is recognised as an          The individual financial statements of each Group company are presented in
  expense immediately.                                                          the currency of the primary economic environment in which it operates (its
                                                                                functional currency). Transactions in currencies other than the functional
  (c) Part exchange                                                             currency are recorded at the rates of exchange prevailing on the dates of the
  In certain instances, property may be accepted in part consideration          transactions. At each balance sheet date, monetary assets and liabilities that
  for a sale of a residential property. The fair value is established by        are denominated in foreign currencies other than the functional currency are
  independent surveyors, reduced for costs to sell. Net proceeds                retranslated at the rates prevailing at the balance sheet date.
  generated from the subsequent sale of part exchange properties are
  recorded as a reduction to net operating expenses. The original sale is       Non-monetary assets and liabilities carried at fair value that are
  recorded in the normal way, with the fair value of the exchanged              denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the rates prevailing at
  property replacing cash receipts.                                             the date when the fair value was determined. Gains and losses arising on
                                                                                retranslation are included in the net profit or loss for the period.
  (d) Cash incentives
  The transaction price may include cash incentives. These are considered       On consolidation, the assets and liabilities of the Group’s overseas
  to be a discount from the purchase price offered to the acquirer and are      operation are translated at exchange rates prevailing at the balance sheet
  therefore accounted for as a reduction to revenue.                            date. Income and expense items are translated at an appropriate average
                                                                                rate for the year. Exchange differences arising are recognised within other
Cost of sales                                                                   comprehensive income and transferred to the Group’s translation reserve.
The Group determines the value of inventory charged to cost of sales            Such translation differences are recognised as income or expenses in the
based on the total budgeted cost of developing a site. Once the total           income statement in the period in which the operation is disposed of.
expected costs of development are established, they are allocated to            The Group uses foreign currency borrowings to hedge its net investment
individual plots to achieve a standard build cost per plot.                     exposure to certain overseas subsidiaries.
To the extent that additional costs or savings are identified as the site       Leases
progresses, these are recognised over the remaining plots unless they
are specific to a particular plot, in which case they are recognised in the     The Group as a lessee
income statement at the point of sale.                                          The Group assesses at inception whether a contract is, or contains,
                                                                                a lease. A lease exists if the contract conveys the right to control the use
Positive contribution                                                           of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.
The positive contribution presented on the face of the income statement         The Group assessment includes whether:
represents the net amount of previous impairments allocated to inventory        – the contract involves the use of an identified asset;
on a plot that has subsequently resulted in a gross profit on completion.
This is due to the combination of selling prices and costs, or product mix      – the Group has the right to obtain substantially all of the economic
improvements exceeding market assumptions in the previous net realisable          benefits from the use of the asset throughout the contract period; and
value (NRV) exercise. These amounts are stated before the allocation of         – the Group has the right to direct the use of the asset.
overheads, which are excluded from the Group’s NRV exercise.                    At the commencement of a lease, the Group recognises a right-of-use
Exceptional items                                                               asset along with a corresponding lease liability.
Exceptional items are defined as items of income or expenditure which,          The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the remaining
in the opinion of the Directors, are material or unusual in nature or of such   lease payments, discounted using the Group’s incremental borrowing rate.
significance that they require separate disclosure on the face of the income    The lease term comprises the non-cancellable period of the contract,
statement in accordance with IAS 1 ‘Presentation of Financial Statements’.      together with periods covered by an option to extend the lease where the
Should these items be reversed, disclosure of this would also be as             Group is reasonably certain to exercise that option based on operational
exceptional items.                                                              needs and contractual terms. Subsequently, the lease liability is measured
                                                                                at amortised cost by increasing the carrying amount to reflect interest on
                                                                                the lease liability and reducing it by the lease payments made. The lease
                                                                                liability is remeasured when the Group changes its assessment of whether
                                                                                it will exercise an extension or termination option.



154     Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
1. Significant accounting policies continued                                       The recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs to sell and          Strategic report
                                                                                   value in use. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are
Right-of-use assets are initially measured at cost, comprising the initial
                                                                                   discounted to their present value, using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects
measurement of the lease liability adjusted for any lease payments made at
                                                                                   current market assessments and the risks specific to the asset.
or before the commencement date, estimated asset retirement obligations, lease
incentives received and initial direct costs. Subsequently, right-of-use           If the recoverable amount of an asset or cash-generating unit is estimated
assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and any             to be less than its carrying amount, the carrying amount of the asset or
accumulated impairment losses, and are adjusted for certain                        cash-generating unit is reduced to its recoverable amount. An impairment



                                                                                                                                                                      Governance
remeasurements of the lease liability. Depreciation is calculated on a             loss is recognised as an expense immediately in the income statement.
straight-line basis over the length of the lease.                                  Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, due to a change in
The Group has elected to apply exemptions for short term leases and                circumstances or in the estimates used to determine the asset’s
leases for which the underlying asset is of low value. For these leases,           recoverable amount, the carrying amount of the asset or cash-generating
payments are charged to the income statement on a straight-line basis              unit is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, so long
over the term of the relevant lease.                                               as it does not exceed the original carrying value prior to the impairment
                                                                                   being recognised. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognised as income
Right-of-use assets are presented within non-current assets on the face of
                                                                                   immediately in the income statement.
the balance sheet, and lease liabilities are shown separately on the balance
sheet in current liabilities and non-current liabilities depending on the length   Financial instruments
of the lease term.                                                                   Financial assets




                                                                                                                                                                      Financial statements
Intangible assets                                                                    Financial assets are initially recognised at fair value and subsequently
                                                                                     classified into one of the following measurement categories:
  Brands
  Internally generated brands are not capitalised. Acquired brands are               – Measured at amortised cost
  capitalised. Brands are stated at cost, less accumulated amortisation              – Measured subsequently at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL)
  and any accumulated impairment losses. Brands are amortised over
                                                                                     – Measured subsequently at fair value through other comprehensive
  their estimated useful life on a straight-line basis.
                                                                                       income (FVOCI)
  Software
                                                                                     The classification of financial assets depends on the Group’s business
  Costs that are directly associated with the acquisition or production of
                                                                                     model for managing the asset and the contractual terms of the cash
  identifiable and unique software controlled by the Group, and that
                                                                                     flows. Assets that are held for the collection of contractual cash flows
  generate economic benefits beyond one year, are recognised as
                                                                                     that represent solely payments of principal and interest are measured at
  intangible assets. Software development costs recognised as assets are
                                                                                     amortised cost, with any interest income recognised in the income
  amortised on a straight-line basis over three to five years from the time of
                                                                                     statement using the effective interest rate method.
  implementation and are stated at cost less accumulated amortisation
  and any accumulated impairment losses.                                             Financial assets that do not meet the criteria to be measured at
                                                                                     amortised cost are classified by the Group as measured at FVTPL.
Property, plant and equipment
                                                                                     Fair value gains and losses on financial assets measured at FVTPL
Land and buildings held for use in the production or supply of goods or              are recognised in the income statement and presented within net
services, or for administrative purposes, are stated in the balance sheet at         operating expenses.
cost less accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment
                                                                                     The Group currently has no financial assets measured at FVOCI.
losses. Freehold land is not depreciated. Buildings are depreciated over
50 years.                                                                            Trade and other receivables
Plant and equipment is stated at cost less depreciation.                             Trade and other receivables are measured at amortised cost, less any
                                                                                     loss allowance.
Depreciation is charged to expense the cost or valuation of assets
over their estimated useful lives. Other assets are depreciated using the            Shared equity loans
straight-line method, on the following bases:                                        Shared equity loans were provided to certain customers to facilitate a
                                                                                     house purchase. The contractual cash flows on shared equity loans are
– Plant and equipment: 20-33% per annum                                              linked to a national house price index. Under IFRS 9, financial assets with
– Leasehold improvements: over the term of the lease                                 embedded derivatives are considered in their entirety when determining
                                                                                     whether their cash flows are solely payment of principal and interest.
The gain or loss arising on the disposal or retirement of an asset is
                                                                                     Accordingly, shared equity loans are classified as FVTPL with fair value
determined as the difference between the sale proceeds, less any selling
                                                                                     gains and losses arising on the remeasurement of the loan presented in
expenses, and the carrying amount of the asset. This difference is
                                                                                     the income statement within net operating expenses.
recognised in the income statement.
Impairment of tangible and intangible assets                                         Cash and cash equivalents
                                                                                     Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash held by the Group and short
At each balance sheet date, the Group reviews the carrying amounts                   term bank deposits with an original maturity of three months or less from
of its tangible and intangible assets to determine whether there is any              inception and are subject to insignificant risk of changes in value.
indication that those assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such
indication exists, the recoverable amount of the asset is estimated to               Impairment of financial assets
determine the extent of the impairment loss (if any). Where the asset does           The Group assesses on a forward-looking basis the expected credit losses
not generate cash flows that are independent from other assets, the Group            associated with its financial assets carried at amortised cost. The impairment
estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which                methodology applied depends on whether there has been a significant
the asset belongs.                                                                   increase in credit risk. For trade receivables, the Group applies the
                                                                                     simplified approach permitted by IFRS 9, which requires expected
                                                                                     lifetime losses to be recognised from initial recognition of the receivables.




 www.taylorwimpey.co.uk 155
www.taylorwimpey.co.uk   155
Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




1. Significant accounting policies continued                                       Inventories
  Financial liabilities                                                            Inventories are initially stated at cost and held at the lower of this initial
  Financial liabilities are initially recognised at fair value and subsequently    amount and net realisable value. Costs comprise direct materials and,
  classified into one of the following measurement categories:                     where applicable, direct labour and those overheads that have been
                                                                                   incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition.
  – Measured at amortised cost
                                                                                   Net realisable value represents the estimated selling price less all estimated
  – Measured subsequently at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL)             costs of completion and costs to be incurred in marketing, selling and
  Non-derivative financial liabilities are measured at FVTPL when they are         distribution. Land is recognised in inventory when the significant risks and
  considered held for trading or designated as such on initial recognition.        rewards of ownership have been transferred to the Group.
  The Group has no non-derivative financial liabilities measured at FVTPL.         Non-refundable land option payments are initially recognised in inventory.
  Borrowings                                                                       They are reviewed regularly and written off to the income statement when it
  Borrowings are initially recognised at fair value, net of transaction costs      is probable that the option will not be exercised.
  incurred and subsequently measured at amortised cost.                            Taxation
  Trade and other payables                                                         The tax charge represents the sum of the tax currently payable and
  Trade and other payables are measured at amortised cost. When the                deferred tax.
  acquisition of land has deferred payment terms a land creditor is
                                                                                     Current tax
  recognised. Payables are discounted to present value when repayment is
                                                                                     The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable
  due more than one year after initial recognition or the impact is material.
                                                                                     profit differs from profit before tax as reported in the income statement
  Customer deposits                                                                  because it excludes items of income or expense that are taxable or
  Customer deposits, measured at amortised cost, are recorded as a                   deductible in other years, and it further excludes items that are never
  liability on receipt and released to the income statement as revenue upon          taxable or deductible. The Group’s liability for current tax is calculated
  legal completion.                                                                  using tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the
                                                                                     balance sheet date.
  Equity instruments
  An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the     Deferred tax
  assets of the Group after deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments     Deferred tax is the tax expected to be payable or recoverable on
  issued by the Parent Company are recorded as the proceeds are                      differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in
  received, net of direct issue costs.                                               the financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the
                                                                                     computation of taxable profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally
  Derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting
                                                                                     recognised for all taxable temporary differences and deferred tax assets
  The Group uses foreign currency borrowings and derivatives to hedge its
                                                                                     are recognised to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be
  net investment exposure to movements in exchange rates on translation
                                                                                     available against which deductible temporary differences can be utilised.
  of certain individual financial statements denominated in foreign
  currencies other than Sterling which is the functional currency of the             Such assets and liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference
  Parent Company.                                                                    arises from goodwill or from the initial recognition (other than in a
                                                                                     business combination) of other assets and liabilities in a transaction that
  Derivative financial instruments are measured at fair value. Changes in
                                                                                     affects neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profit.
  the fair value of derivative financial instruments that are designated and
  effective as hedges of net investments in foreign operations are                   Deferred tax liabilities are also recognised for taxable temporary
  recognised directly in other comprehensive income and the ineffective              differences arising on investments in subsidiaries and interests in joint
  portion, if any, is recognised immediately in the income statement.                ventures, except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the
                                                                                     temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will
  For an effective hedge of an exposure to changes in fair value, the
                                                                                     not reverse in the foreseeable future.
  hedged item is adjusted for changes in fair value attributable to the risk
  being hedged with the corresponding entry in the consolidated income               Deferred tax is measured on a non-discounted basis using the tax rates
  statement. Gains or losses from remeasuring the derivative, or for                 and laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the
  non-derivatives the foreign currency component of its carrying amount,             balance sheet date.
  are also recognised in the income statement.                                       The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each balance
  Changes in the fair value of derivative financial instruments that do not          sheet date and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that
  qualify for hedge accounting are recognised in the income statement as             sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to
  they arise.                                                                        be recovered. Deferred tax is charged or credited to the income
                                                                                     statement, except when it relates to items charged or credited directly to
  Hedge accounting is discontinued if the hedged item is sold or no longer
                                                                                     other comprehensive income or equity, in which case the deferred tax is
  qualifies for hedge accounting at which point any cumulative gain or loss
                                                                                     also dealt with in other comprehensive income or equity.
  on the hedging instrument accumulated in other comprehensive income
  is transferred to the income statement for the period.                           Share-based payments
Provisions                                                                         The Group issues equity-settled share-based payments to certain
                                                                                   employees. Equity-settled share-based payments are measured at fair
Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present legal or
                                                                                   value at the date of grant. The fair value is expensed on a straight-line basis
constructive obligation as a result of a past event, and it is probable that
                                                                                   over the vesting period, based on the Group’s estimate of shares that will
the Group will be required to settle that obligation. Provisions are measured
                                                                                   vest after adjusting for the effect of non-market vesting conditions.
at the Directors’ best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the
obligation at the balance sheet date and are discounted to present value
where the effect is material.




156     Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
1. Significant accounting policies continued                                      Other sources of estimation uncertainty                                        Strategic report
Employee benefits                                                                 Provision for leasehold
For defined benefit plans a finance charge is determined on the net defined       The value of this provision has been established using information
benefit pension liability. The operating and financing costs of such plans are    available to management at 31 December 2019, together with a range
recognised separately in the income statement; service costs are spread           of assumptions including the number of units which have been sold by
systematically over the service period of employees, past service costs are       the original Taylor Wimpey customer and as such are not eligible for the
recognised as an expense at the earlier of when the plan is amended or            scheme, and the final deed of variation valuations for those freeholders


                                                                                                                                                                 Governance
curtailment occurs, at the same time as which the entity will recognise related   with whom the Group has not yet agreed a settlement. The value of the
restructuring costs or termination benefits. Certain liability management costs   assumptions applied by management directly impacts the final provision
and financing costs are recognised in the periods in which they arise.            recognised. These outcomes are not known with certainty as at
Actuarial gains and losses are recognised immediately in the statement of         31 December 2019 but represent management’s best estimate. It is not
comprehensive income.                                                             anticipated that any reasonable changes would lead to a material
The retirement benefit obligation recognised in the consolidated statement of     adjustment in the value of the provision held.
financial position represents either the net deficit position of the scheme or,   Aluminium Composite Materials (ACM) provision
should the scheme be in an IAS 19 accounting surplus, the IFRIC 14 liability      This provision was established to provide for the cost of replacing ACM
equal to the present value of future committed cash contributions.                cladding on a small number of legacy buildings. The Group has estimated
Payments to defined contribution schemes are charged as an expense as             the cost of replacement based on engagement with contractors and,




                                                                                                                                                                 Financial statements
they fall due.                                                                    where applicable, the management companies of the affected
                                                                                  developments. Determining the total cost of replacing cladding across a
2. Critical accounting judgements and key sources of                              number of different buildings contains inherent estimation uncertainty.
estimation uncertainty                                                            The scope of the replacement may also be impacted by future government
Preparation of the financial statements requires management to make               guidance or regulations.
significant judgements and estimates. Management have considered                  Cost allocation
whether there are any such sources of estimation or accounting
                                                                                  In order to determine the profit that the Group is able to recognise on its
judgements in forming the financial statements and highlight the following
                                                                                  developments in a specific period, the Group has to allocate site-wide
areas. In identifying these areas, management have considered the size of
                                                                                  development costs between units built in the current year and in future
the associated balance and the potential likelihood of changes due to
                                                                                  years. It also has to estimate costs to complete on such developments,
macro-economic factors.
                                                                                  and make estimates relating to future sales price margins on those
Critical accounting judgements                                                    developments and units. In making these assessments, there is a degree
Management have not made any individual critical accounting judgements            of inherent uncertainty. The Group has developed internal controls to assess
that are material to the Group.                                                   and review carrying values and the appropriateness of estimates made.

Key sources of estimation uncertainty                                             3. General information
Key sources of estimation uncertainty are those which present a significant       Taylor Wimpey plc is a Company incorporated in the United Kingdom.
risk of potential material misstatement to carrying amounts of assets or          The Company’s registered office is Taylor Wimpey plc, Gate House,
liabilities within the next financial year.                                       Turnpike Road, High Wycombe, HP12 3NR. The nature of the Group’s
                                                                                  operations and its principal activities are set out in the Strategic Report
Employee benefits                                                                 on pages 1 to 58.
The value of the defined benefit plan liabilities is determined by using          These financial statements are presented in pounds Sterling as
various assumptions, including discount rate, future rates of inflation,          the currency of the primary economic environment in which the
growth, yields, returns on investments and mortality rates. The value of the      Group operates.
defined benefit scheme recorded on the balance sheet is currently subject
to IFRIC 14, which under certain circumstances requires an adjustment to
turn an accounting surplus into a liability equal to the present value of
committed future payments to the scheme. Determining the IFRIC 14
adjustment requires the use of actuarial assumptions to project forward the
funding position of the scheme over the commitment period. As actual
changes in inflation, growth, yields and investment returns may differ from
those assumed, this is a key source of estimation uncertainty within the
financial statements. Changes in these assumptions over time and
differences to the actual outcome will be reflected in the statement of
comprehensive income. Note 21 details the main assumptions in
accounting for the Group’s defined benefit pension scheme, along with
sensitivities of the liabilities to changes in these assumptions.




 www.taylorwimpey.co.uk 157
www.taylorwimpey.co.uk   157
Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




4. Revenue
An analysis of the Group’s continuing revenue is as follows:
£ million                                                                                                                                2019         2018

Housing:
Private sales                                                                                                                        3,798.3       3,550.5
Partnership housing                                                                                                                    490.6         465.3
Other                                                                                                                                   14.5           9.6
Total housing                                                                                                                        4,303.4       4,025.4
Land sales                                                                                                                              37.9          56.6
                                                                                                                                     4,341.3       4,082.0

Other revenue includes income from the sale of commercial properties developed as part of larger residential developments and the sale of
leasehold properties.
The Group’s revenue includes revenue from construction contracts that are recognised over time by reference to the stage of completion of the
contract with the customer. All other revenue is recognised at a point in time when control of the property is transferred to the customer.
£ million                                                                                                                                2019         2018

Recognised at a point in time                                                                                                        4,013.7       3,792.0
Recognised over time                                                                                                                   327.6         290.0
                                                                                                                                     4,341.3       4,082.0

At 31 December 2019, the aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to unsatisfied performance obligations on construction contracts was
£692.7 million (2018: £448.0 million), of which approximately 45% is expected to be recognised as revenue during 2020.

5. Operating segments
The Group operates in two countries, the United Kingdom and Spain.
The United Kingdom is split into three geographical operating segments, each managed by a Divisional Chair who sits on the Group Management Team.
In addition, there is a single operating segment covering the corporate functions, Major Developments and Strategic Land. The accounting policies of the
reportable segments are the same as the Group’s accounting policies described in Note 1. Segment profit represents the profit earned by each segment
without allocation of central administration costs including salaries of Divisional and Group management.
Segment information about these businesses is presented below:
                                                                                                        Central    London
For the year to 31 December 2019                                                                        & South    & South
£ million                                                                                      North       West       East   Corporate     Spain      Total

Revenue
External sales                                                                              1,547.9    1,447.3    1,214.4        11.3     120.4    4,341.3
Result
Profit/(loss) before joint ventures, finance costs and exceptional items                      320.0     316.2      227.3        (53.1)     32.1     842.5
Share of results of joint ventures                                                                –         –        7.6          0.4         –       8.0
Operating profit (Note 32)                                                                    320.0     316.2      234.9        (52.7)     32.1     850.5
Exceptional items (Note 6)                                                                        –         –          –         14.3         –      14.3
Profit/(loss) before finance costs                                                            320.0     316.2      234.9        (38.4)     32.1     864.8
Net finance costs                                                                                                                                   (28.9)
Profit before taxation                                                                                                                               835.9
Taxation charge                                                                                                                                     (162.0)
Profit for the year                                                                                                                                 673.9

                                                                                                        Central    London
At 31 December 2019                                                                                     & South    & South
£ million                                                                                      North       West       East   Corporate     Spain      Total

Assets and liabilities
Segment operating assets                                                                    1,310.1 1,345.4 1,372.6            270.9      161.7 4,460.7
Joint ventures                                                                                  0.8     4.1    46.6              3.8          –      55.3
Segment operating liabilities                                                                (425.1) (538.1) (391.9)          (277.1)     (83.6) (1,715.8)
Net operating assets/(liabilities)                                                            885.8     811.4     1,027.3        (2.4)     78.1    2,800.2
Net current taxation                                                                                                                                 (67.9)
Net deferred taxation (Note 14)                                                                                                                       29.8
Net cash (Note 27)                                                                                                                                   545.7
Net assets                                                                                                                                         3,307.8


158         Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
5. Operating segments continued                                                                                                                 Strategic report
                                                                                       Central     London
For the year to 31 December 2019                                                       & South     & South
£ million                                                                    North        West        East   Corporate     Spain       Total

Other information
Property, plant and equipment additions                                        1.9        0.7         0.9         3.7          –         7.2
Right-of-use asset additions                                                   4.4        1.0         0.6         3.1        0.4         9.5



                                                                                                                                                Governance
Software additions                                                               –          –           –         5.4          –         5.4
Property, plant and equipment depreciation                                    (0.5)      (0.9)       (0.8)       (0.9)      (0.1)       (3.2)
Right-of-use asset depreciation                                               (2.2)      (1.5)       (2.4)       (2.3)      (0.3)       (8.7)
Amortisation of intangible assets                                                –          –           –        (1.6)         –        (1.6)

                                                                                        Central    London
For the year to 31 December 2018                                                       & South     & South
£ million                                                                    North        West        East   Corporate     Spain        Total

Revenue
External sales                                                             1,418.7    1,347.2     1,210.3         1.6     104.2     4,082.0




                                                                                                                                                Financial statements
Result
Profit/(loss) before joint ventures, finance costs and exceptional items    307.0      344.7       265.3        (71.3)     29.2       874.9
Share of results of joint ventures                                            0.1          –         5.3          (0.1)       –         5.3
Operating profit (Note 32)                                                  307.1      344.7       270.6        (71.4)     29.2       880.2
Exceptional items (Note 6)                                                      –          –           –        (46.1)        –        (46.1)
Profit/(loss) before finance costs                                          307.1      344.7       270.6       (117.5)     29.2       834.1
Net finance costs                                                                                                                      (23.4)
Profit before taxation                                                                                                                810.7
Taxation charge                                                                                                                      (154.1)
Profit for the year                                                                                                                   656.6

                                                                                        Central    London
At 31 December 2018                                                                    & South     & South
£ million                                                                    North        West        East   Corporate     Spain        Total

Assets and liabilities
Segment operating assets                                                   1,213.0 1,290.7 1,504.3              254.0      168.5 4,430.5
Joint ventures                                                                 2.0     3.7    40.5                2.1          –      48.3
Segment operating liabilities                                               (375.5) (520.9) (510.0)            (355.0)    (105.5) (1,866.9)
Net operating assets/(liabilities)                                          839.5      773.5      1,034.8       (98.9)     63.0     2,611.9
Net current taxation                                                                                                                   (69.9)
Net deferred taxation (Note 14)                                                                                                         40.7
Net cash (Note 27)                                                                                                                    644.1
Net assets                                                                                                                          3,226.8

                                                                                        Central    London
For the year to 31 December 2018                                                       & South     & South
£ million                                                                    North        West        East   Corporate     Spain        Total

Other information
Property, plant and equipment additions                                        0.2         0.8          –         1.0        0.1         2.1
Right-of-use asset additions                                                   1.5         0.8        5.7         2.5        0.2       10.7
Software additions                                                               –           –          –         0.3          –         0.3
Property, plant and equipment depreciation                                    (0.6)       (0.9)      (0.5)       (1.1)         –        (3.1)
Right-of-use asset depreciation                                               (2.5)       (1.5)      (2.6)       (2.2)      (0.2)       (9.0)
Amortisation of intangible assets                                                –           –          –        (1.0)         –        (1.0)




 www.taylorwimpey.co.uk 159
www.taylorwimpey.co.uk   159
Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




6. Net operating expenses and profit on ordinary activities before finance costs
Profit on ordinary activities before finance costs for continuing operations has been arrived at after charging/(crediting):
£ million                                                                                                                                  2019          2018

Administration expenses                                                                                                                  211.7          212.9
Other expenses                                                                                                                             4.3             3.9
Other income                                                                                                                             (14.4)          (17.2)
Exceptional items                                                                                                                        (14.3)           46.1

Other income and expenses include profits on the sale of property, plant and equipment and the revaluation of certain shared equity mortgage
receivables, pre-acquisition and abortive costs, and profit/loss on the sale of part exchange properties.
Exceptional items:
£ million                                                                                                                                  2019          2018

Net Pension Increase Exchange credit                                                                                                     (14.3)             –
Provision in relation to Aluminium Composite Materials cladding                                                                              –           30.0
Guaranteed Minimum Pension equalisation charge                                                                                               –           16.1
Exceptional items                                                                                                                        (14.3)          46.1

Pension Increase Exchange (PIE)
During the year, the Group initiated a Pension Increase Exchange exercise which enables pension scheme members to elect to exchange future pension
increases on part of their pensions for a one-off increase in pension. The PIE exercise consisted of two stages – the option to select the exchange at
retirement for members who have not yet retired and a bulk exercise for members already drawing a pension. The credit arising from the implementation
of the PIE was considered a past service credit and recognised through the income statement in accordance with IAS 19. The impact of future changes
in estimates and assumptions related to the PIE is accounted for as scheme experience and will be recognised in other comprehensive income.
The exceptional credit recognised is net of costs associated with the PIE implementation.

Aluminium Composite Materials (ACM) cladding
Following the tragic fire at Grenfell Tower, the Group conducted a detailed review into all legacy and current buildings ACM cladding and worked with
building owners, management companies, and the Fire Service to implement Government advice on interim mitigation measures, where applicable.
Whilst each situation is different, and this is an exceptionally complex issue, the Group has in a number of cases, having regard to all of the relevant facts
and circumstances, agreed to support our customers both financially and practically with removal and replacement of ACM cladding, even though the
buildings concerned met the requirements of building regulations at the time construction was formally approved. This decision was taken for buildings
recently constructed by the Group because management believe that it is morally right, not because it is legally required. Uncertainty over the remediation
costs will remain until all the works are fully designed and contracted. Following the creation of the exceptional provision, the Government issued further
guidance which the Group considered as part of its ongoing review.
Guaranteed Minimum Pension (GMP) equalisation
A High Court judgment handed down in October 2018, relating to defined benefit pension schemes, held that the GMP element of pension accrued by
men and women should be comparable and any additional obligation required to equalise the members’ benefits must be allowed for in the scheme
liabilities. The additional obligation was considered a past service cost and recognised through the income statement in accordance with IAS 19.
The impact of future changes in estimates and assumptions related to the equalisation of GMP is accounted for as scheme experience and recognised
in other comprehensive income.




160         Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
6. Net operating expenses and profit on ordinary activities before finance costs continued                                                                  Strategic report
Profit on ordinary activities before finance costs has been arrived at after charging/(crediting):
£ million                                                                                                                            2019           2018

Cost of inventories recognised as an expense in cost of sales                                                                    3,203.6        2,921.1
Property, plant and equipment depreciation                                                                                           3.2             3.1
Right-of-use asset depreciation                                                                                                      8.7             9.0



                                                                                                                                                            Governance
Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                                                      –            (0.2)
Amortisation of intangible assets                                                                                                    1.6             1.0

The remuneration paid to Deloitte LLP, the Group’s external auditor, is as follows:
£ million                                                                                                                            2019           2018

Fees payable for the audit of the Company’s annual accounts and consolidated financial statements                                     0.2           0.2
Fees payable to the Company’s auditor and its associates for other services to the Group:
The audit of the Company’s subsidiaries pursuant to legislation                                                                       0.3           0.3
Total audit fees                                                                                                                      0.5           0.5




                                                                                                                                                            Financial statements
Other assurance services                                                                                                              0.1           0.1
Total non-audit fees                                                                                                                  0.1           0.1
Total fees                                                                                                                            0.6           0.6

Non-audit services in 2019 and 2018 predominantly relate to work undertaken as a result of Deloitte LLP’s role as auditor, or work resulting from
knowledge and experience gained as part of the role. In both 2019 and 2018 the fees relating to other assurance services predominantly related to the
review of the interim statements. The work was either the subject of a competitive tender or was best performed by the Group’s auditor because of its
knowledge of the Group. In 2019, non-audit fees also include £1,000 (2018: £23,000) of other services related to consultancy.

7. Staff costs
Number                                                                                                                               2019           2018

Average number employed
United Kingdom                                                                                                                     5,796          5,358
Spain                                                                                                                                 87             84
                                                                                                                                   5,883          5,442

£ million                                                                                                                            2019           2018

Remuneration
Wages and salaries                                                                                                                 275.9          258.0
Redundancy costs                                                                                                                     0.9            0.4
Social security costs                                                                                                               29.8           27.7
Other pension costs                                                                                                                 14.5           12.4
                                                                                                                                   321.1          298.5

The information relating to Director and Senior Management remuneration required by the Companies Act 2006 and the Listing Rules of the Financial
Conduct Authority is contained in Note 30 and pages 106 to 131 in the Directors’ Remuneration report.

8. Finance costs and finance income
£ million                                                                                                                            2019           2018

Interest receivable                                                                                                                   2.9           2.9

Finance costs are analysed as follows:
£ million                                                                                                                            2019           2018

Interest on bank and other loans                                                                                                      5.5           5.2
Foreign exchange movements                                                                                                            1.1           1.0
                                                                                                                                      6.6           6.2
Unwinding of discount on land creditors and other items                                                                              21.5          18.5
Interest on lease liabilities                                                                                                         0.5           0.5
Net interest on pension liability (Note 21)                                                                                           3.2           1.1
                                                                                                                                     31.8          26.3




 www.taylorwimpey.co.uk 161
www.taylorwimpey.co.uk   161
Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




9. Taxation
Tax (charged)/credited in the income statement is analysed as follows:
£ million                                                                                                                                   2019          2018

Current tax:
UK:                                      Current year                                                                                    (138.1)        (143.4)
                                         Adjustment in respect of prior years                                                              (5.2)           (5.3)
Overseas:                                Current year                                                                                      (5.2)           (3.6)
                                         Adjustment in respect of prior years                                                              (0.6)              –
                                                                                                                                         (149.1)        (152.3)
Deferred tax:
UK:                                      Current year                                                                                     (10.8)           (4.1)
                                         Adjustment in respect of prior years                                                               0.5             3.7
Overseas:                                Current year                                                                                      (1.8)           (1.4)
                                         Adjustment in respect of prior years                                                              (0.8)              –
                                                                                                                                          (12.9)           (1.8)
                                                                                                                                         (162.0)        (154.1)

Corporation tax is calculated at 19.0% (2018: 19.0%) of the estimated assessable profit for the year in the UK. Taxation outside the UK is calculated at the
rates prevailing in the respective jurisdictions. The effective tax rate, before exceptional items, is 19.4% (2018: 18.9%). The tax charge for the year includes
an exceptional charge of £2.7 million relating to the Pension Increase Exchange exercise. The tax charge for the prior year includes credits of £5.1 million
in respect of the exceptional provision for ACM cladding replacement and £3.1 million relating to the exceptional charge for the impact of GMP
equalisation on the Group’s defined benefit pension scheme. The charge for the year can be reconciled to the profit per the income statement as follows:
£ million                                                                                                                                   2019          2018

Profit before tax                                                                                                                         835.9          810.7
Tax at the UK corporation tax rate of 19.0% (2018: 19.0%)                                                                                (158.8)        (154.0)
Net under provision in respect of prior years                                                                                              (6.1)           (1.7)
Net impact of items that are not taxable or deductible                                                                                      3.4             1.7
Recognition of deferred tax asset relating to Spanish business                                                                              1.5             2.3
Other rate impacting adjustments                                                                                                           (2.0)           (2.4)
Tax charge for the year                                                                                                                  (162.0)        (154.1)

10. Earnings per share
                                                                                                                                            2019          2018

Basic earnings per share                                                                                                                 20.6p          20.1p
Diluted earnings per share                                                                                                               20.6p          20.0p
Adjusted basic earnings per share                                                                                                        20.3p          21.3p
Adjusted diluted earnings per share                                                                                                      20.2p          21.2p

Weighted average number of shares for basic earnings per share – million                                                                3,268.2       3,266.3
Weighted average number of shares for diluted earnings per share – million                                                              3,276.2       3,275.7

Adjusted basic and adjusted diluted earnings per share, which exclude the impact of exceptional items and any associated net tax amounts, are presented
to provide a measure of the underlying performance of the Group. A reconciliation of earnings attributable to equity shareholders used for basic and
diluted earnings per share to that used for adjusted earnings per share is shown below.
£ million                                                                                                                                   2019          2018

Earnings for basic and diluted earnings per share                                                                                         673.9          656.6
Adjust for exceptional items (Note 6)                                                                                                     (14.3)          46.1
Adjust for tax on exceptional items                                                                                                         2.7            (8.2)
Earnings for adjusted basic and adjusted diluted earnings per share                                                                       662.3          694.5

Million                                                                                                                                     2019          2018

Weighted average number of shares for basic earnings per share                                                                          3,268.2       3,266.3
Long term incentive share options                                                                                                           6.3           6.9
SAYE options                                                                                                                                1.7           2.5
Weighted average number of shares for diluted earnings per share                                                                        3,276.2       3,275.7



162         Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
11. Intangible assets                                                                                                                               Strategic report
£ million                                                                                                   Brands          Software       Total

Cost
At 1 January 2018                                                                                           140.2              11.5      151.7
Additions                                                                                                       –               0.3        0.3
At 31 December 2018                                                                                         140.2              11.8      152.0



                                                                                                                                                    Governance
Additions                                                                                                       –               5.4        5.4
At 31 December 2019                                                                                         140.2              17.2      157.4


Accumulated amortisation
At 1 January 2018                                                                                          (140.2)              (7.6)    (147.8)
Charge for the year                                                                                             –               (1.0)       (1.0)
At 31 December 2018                                                                                        (140.2)              (8.6)    (148.8)
Charge for the year                                                                                             –               (1.6)      (1.6)
At 31 December 2019                                                                                        (140.2)            (10.2)     (150.4)




                                                                                                                                                    Financial statements
Carrying amount
At 31 December 2019                                                                                              –               7.0        7.0
At 31 December 2018                                                                                              –               3.2        3.2

The amortisation of software is recognised within administration expenses in the income statement.

12. Property, plant and equipment
                                                                                                                     Plant, equipment
                                                                                                     Freehold land      and leasehold
£ million                                                                                            and buildings     improvements        Total

Cost
At 1 January 2018                                                                                           16.4               19.0        35.4
Additions                                                                                                     0.1                2.0         2.1
Disposals                                                                                                    (0.3)              (0.2)       (0.5)
At 31 December 2018                                                                                         16.2               20.8        37.0
Additions                                                                                                    0.3                6.9         7.2
Disposals                                                                                                      –               (2.7)       (2.7)
Exchange movements                                                                                             –               (0.1)       (0.1)
At 31 December 2019                                                                                         16.5               24.9        41.4


Accumulated depreciation
At 1 January 2018                                                                                            (1.7)             (10.9)     (12.6)
Charge for the year                                                                                          (0.6)               (2.5)      (3.1)
Disposals                                                                                                     0.1                 0.2        0.3
At 31 December 2018                                                                                          (2.2)             (13.2)     (15.4)
Charge for the year                                                                                          (0.5)              (2.7)      (3.2)
Disposals                                                                                                       –                2.7        2.7
Exchange movements                                                                                              –                0.1        0.1
At 31 December 2019                                                                                          (2.7)            (13.1)      (15.8)


Carrying amount
At 31 December 2019                                                                                         13.8               11.8        25.6
At 31 December 2018                                                                                         14.0                 7.6       21.6




 www.taylorwimpey.co.uk 163
www.taylorwimpey.co.uk   163
Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




13. Interests in joint ventures
£ million                                                                                                                                 2019               2018

Aggregated amounts relating to share of all joint ventures:
Non-current assets                                                                                                                       21.9                19.4
Current assets                                                                                                                          101.0                78.0
Total assets                                                                                                                            122.9                97.4


Current liabilities                                                                                                                      (22.5)             (22.0)
Non-current liabilities                                                                                                                  (87.9)             (63.4)
Total liabilities                                                                                                                       (110.4)             (85.4)


Carrying amount                                                                                                                           18.3               15.2
Loans to joint ventures                                                                                                                   37.0               33.1
Total interests in joint ventures                                                                                                         55.3               48.3

Loans to joint ventures includes £(5.8) million (2018: £(3.2) million) relating to the Group’s share of losses recognised under the equity method in excess of
the investment in ordinary shares.
£ million                                                                                                                                 2019               2018

Group share of:
Revenue                                                                                                                                   99.9               72.3
Cost of sales                                                                                                                            (85.7)             (60.3)
Gross profit                                                                                                                              14.2               12.0
Net operating expenses                                                                                                                    (2.7)               (3.4)
Profit before finance costs                                                                                                               11.5                 8.6
Net finance costs                                                                                                                         (1.8)               (1.9)
Profit before taxation                                                                                                                     9.7                 6.7
Taxation                                                                                                                                  (1.7)               (1.4)
Share of joint ventures’ post-tax results for the year                                                                                     8.0                5.3

The Group has five material (2018: five) joint ventures whose principal activity is residential housebuilding or development. The Group considers a joint
venture to be material when it is financially or strategically important to the Group.
The particulars of the material joint ventures for 2019 are as follows:
                                                                                                                                             Interest in the issued
Joint venture                                                                                              Country of incorporation         ordinary share capital*

Greenwich Millennium Village Limited                                                                          United Kingdom                                50%
Chobham Manor Limited Liability Partnership                                                                   United Kingdom                                50%
Winstanley and York Road Regeneration LLP                                                                     United Kingdom                                50%
Whitehill & Bordon Development Company Phase 1a Limited                                                       United Kingdom                                50%
Whitehill & Bordon Regeneration Company Limited                                                               United Kingdom                                50%
* Interests held by subsidiary undertakings.

Further information on the particulars of joint ventures can be found on page 190.




164         Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
13. Interests in joint ventures continued                                                                                                                                     Strategic report
The following two tables show summary financial information for the material joint ventures. Unless specifically indicated, this information represents 100%
of the joint venture before intercompany eliminations.
                                                                                                                                    Whitehill &
                                                                                                                                       Bordon       Whitehill &
                                                                                      Greenwich                 Winstanley and    Development          Bordon
                                                                                      Millennium     Chobham        York Road        Company      Regeneration
                                                                                           Village     Manor     Regeneration        Phase 1a        Company        Total




                                                                                                                                                                              Governance
£ million                                                                                    2019        2019             2019           2019            2019       2019

Non-current assets                                                                          0.4          0.9               –              0.4            37.3       39.0
Current assets                                                                             36.2         35.9            76.9             20.8             5.8      175.6
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                   6.9          0.7             5.6              0.3             3.3       16.8
Current financial liabilities                                                              (5.5)       (13.1)          (10.3)            (4.8)           (8.3)     (42.0)
Current other liabilities                                                                  (1.9)           –               –                –               –       (1.9)
Non-current financial liabilities*                                                        (16.8)       (17.8)          (83.7)           (15.4)          (36.2)    (169.9)
Net assets/(liabilities) (100%)                                                            19.3          6.6           (11.5)              1.3             1.9      17.6
Group share of net assets/(liabilities)                                                      9.7         3.3             (5.8)             0.7             0.9        8.8




                                                                                                                                                                              Financial statements
Loans to joint ventures                                                                      6.1         8.3            22.1               0.6             2.8      39.9
Total interests in material joint ventures                                                 15.8         11.6            16.3               1.3             3.7      48.7
Revenue                                                                                    60.1         97.5              8.5            19.2            14.5     199.8
Interest (expense)/income                                                                  (0.4)           –             (3.1)           (1.0)            0.9      (3.6)
Income tax (expense)/credit                                                                (2.9)           –                –            (0.5)            0.1      (3.3)
Profit/(loss) for the year                                                                 12.9          4.9             (5.1)             2.4             0.9      16.0
Group share of profit/(loss) for the year                                                    6.5         2.5             (2.6)             1.2             0.4        8.0
* Non-current financial liabilities include amounts owed to joint venture partners.

During the year, no entity charged depreciation or amortisation. No entity had discontinued operations or items of other comprehensive income.
                                                                                                                                    Whitehill &
                                                                                                                                       Bordon       Whitehill &
                                                                                      Greenwich                 Winstanley and    Development          Bordon
                                                                                      Millennium     Chobham        York Road        Company      Regeneration
                                                                                           Village     Manor     Regeneration        Phase 1a        Company        Total
£ million                                                                                   2018        2018             2018            2018            2018       2018

Non-current assets                                                                           0.4           –                 –             0.3           32.6        33.3
Current assets                                                                             24.6         53.3             34.2            20.5              0.7     133.3
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                    4.3         4.2               0.4             1.9             0.5       11.3
Current financial liabilities                                                               (3.5)      (27.0)             (1.5)           (4.6)           (3.7)     (40.3)
Current other liabilities                                                                   (2.5)          –                 –               –               –        (2.5)
Non-current financial liabilities*                                                          (4.2)      (28.8)           (39.4)          (19.2)          (29.1)    (120.7)
Net assets/(liabilities) (100%)                                                            19.1          1.7             (6.3)            (1.1)            1.0      14.4
Group share of net assets/(liabilities)                                                      9.6         0.9             (3.2)            (0.6)            0.5        7.2
Loans to joint ventures                                                                         –       13.3            17.1               1.2             1.6      33.2
Total interests in material joint ventures                                                   9.6        14.2            13.9               0.6             2.1      40.4
Revenue                                                                                    68.3         47.9                –              5.5           22.9     144.6
Interest expense                                                                            (0.4)          –             (1.5)            (1.3)           (0.7)     (3.9)
Income tax (expense)/credit                                                                 (2.8)          –                –              0.2            (0.1)     (2.7)
Profit/(loss) for the year                                                                 12.0          5.2             (5.8)            (0.7)           (0.1)     10.6
Group share of profit/(loss) for the year                                                    6.0         2.6             (2.9)            (0.3)           (0.1)       5.3
* Non-current financial liabilities include amounts owed to joint venture partners.

During the year, no entity charged depreciation or amortisation. No entity had discontinued operations or items of other comprehensive income.




 www.taylorwimpey.co.uk 165
www.taylorwimpey.co.uk   165
Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




13. Interests in joint ventures continued
Aggregated amounts relating to share of individually immaterial joint ventures:
£ million                                                                                                                                2019        2018

Non-current assets                                                                                                                        2.4         2.7
Current assets                                                                                                                            4.8         5.7
Total assets                                                                                                                              7.2         8.4
Current liabilities                                                                                                                      (0.6)       (0.6)
Non-current liabilities                                                                                                                  (2.9)       (3.0)
Total liabilities                                                                                                                        (3.5)       (3.6)


Carrying amount                                                                                                                           3.7         4.8
Loans to individually immaterial joint ventures                                                                                           2.9         3.1
Total interests in individually immaterial joint ventures                                                                                 6.6         7.9

£ million                                                                                                                                2019        2018

Group share of:
Revenue                                                                                                                                     –           –
Cost of sales                                                                                                                               –        (0.1)
Gross profit                                                                                                                                –        (0.1)
Net operating expense                                                                                                                       –         0.1
Profit before finance costs                                                                                                                 –           –
Finance costs                                                                                                                               –           –
Profit before taxation                                                                                                                      –           –
Taxation                                                                                                                                    –           –
Share of individually immaterial joint ventures’ post-tax results for the year                                                              –           –

14. Deferred tax
                                                                                    Share-                           Retirement          Other
                                                                                    based        Capital                 benefit    temporary
£ million                                                                        payments    allowances    Losses    obligations   differences       Total

At 1 January 2018                                                                     5.0           3.1       9.4         10.7            1.1       29.3
Impact of IFRS 16 adoption                                                              –             –         –             –           0.3         0.3
(Charge)/credit to income                                                            (0.7)         (0.7)     (1.1)         (2.8)          3.5        (1.8)
Credit to other comprehensive income                                                    –             –         –         14.7              –       14.7
Charge to statement of changes in equity                                             (2.0)            –         –             –             –        (2.0)
Foreign exchange                                                                        –             –       0.2             –             –         0.2
At 31 December 2018                                                                   2.3           2.4      8.5          22.6            4.9       40.7
Credit/(charge) to income                                                             0.3          (0.1)    (2.7)        (10.9)           0.5      (12.9)
Credit to other comprehensive income                                                    –             –        –           1.7              –        1.7
Credit to statement of changes in equity                                              0.8             –        –             –              –        0.8
Foreign exchange                                                                        –             –     (0.5)            –              –       (0.5)
At 31 December 2019                                                                   3.4           2.3      5.3          13.4            5.4       29.8

Closing deferred tax on UK temporary differences has been calculated at the tax rates that are expected to apply (based on currently enacted law) for the
period when the asset is realised, or the liability is settled. Accordingly, the temporary differences have been calculated at rates between 19% and 17%
(2018: 19% and 17%). In the upcoming Budget it is expected that the Government will honour its pledge to retain the 19% rate for corporation tax. If a
corporation tax rate of 19% is subsequently enacted, this would increase the deferred tax asset by c.£3.0 million.




166         Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
14. Deferred tax continued                                                                                                                                        Strategic report
The net deferred tax balance is analysed into assets and liabilities as follows:
£ million                                                                                                                                 2019           2018

Deferred tax assets                                                                                                                       31.1           42.1
Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                  (1.3)           (1.4)
                                                                                                                                          29.8           40.7



                                                                                                                                                                  Governance
The Group has not recognised temporary differences relating to tax losses carried forward and other temporary differences amounting to £2.4 million
(2018: £3.0 million) in the UK and £39.6 million (2018: £47.8 million) in Spain. The UK temporary differences have not been recognised as they are
predominantly non-trading in nature and insufficient certainty exists as to their future utilisation. The temporary differences in Spain have not been
recognised due to uncertainty of sufficient taxable profits in the future against which to utilise these amounts.
At the balance sheet date, the Group has unused UK capital losses of £269.5 million (2018: £269.6 million). No deferred tax asset has been recognised in
respect of the capital losses at 31 December 2019 because the Group does not believe that it is probable that these capital losses will be utilised in the
foreseeable future.

15. Inventories




                                                                                                                                                                  Financial statements
£ million                                                                                                                                 2019           2018

Raw materials and consumables                                                                                                              2.4            1.8
Finished goods and goods for resale                                                                                                       49.8           43.3
Residential developments:
   Land                                                                                                                               2,735.9        2,757.7
   Development and construction costs                                                                                                 1,402.3        1,378.9
Commercial, industrial and mixed development properties                                                                                   5.6            6.5
                                                                                                                                      4,196.0        4,188.2

The markets in our core geographies, which are the primary drivers of our business, continue to trade positively. At 31 December 2019, the Group
completed a net realisable value assessment of inventory. This review resulted in a reallocation of £4.3 million (2018: £1.1 million) of historically booked
provision between sites which continue to hold a provision due to poor site location and complex site requirements and a small increase at one of those
historic sites.
At the balance sheet date, the Group held land and work in progress in the UK that had been written down to net realisable value of £39.0 million (2018:
£46.6 million) with associated impairments of £30.5 million (2018: £38.7 million). At 31 December 2019, Spain had land and work in progress that has
been written down to net realisable value of £20.3 million (2018: £27.2 million) with associated impairments of £38.1 million (2018: £44.3 million).
The table below details the movements on the inventory provision recorded in the year.
£ million                                                                                                                                 2019           2018

1 January                                                                                                                                 83.0           93.3
Net utilised                                                                                                                             (11.8)         (10.8)
Foreign exchange                                                                                                                          (2.6)           0.5
31 December                                                                                                                               68.6           83.0




 www.taylorwimpey.co.uk 167
www.taylorwimpey.co.uk   167
Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




16. Other financial assets
Trade and other receivables
                                                                                                              Current                   Non-current
£ million                                                                                                    2019          2018          2019          2018

Trade receivables                                                                                         120.7          105.3          31.4           43.2
Other receivables                                                                                          40.3           29.4          12.3           12.5
                                                                                                          161.0          134.7          43.7           55.7

Included within trade receivables are mortgage receivables of £34.0 million (2018: £45.3 million), including shared equity loans. Shared equity loans are
provided to certain customers to facilitate their house purchase and are measured at fair value through profit or loss.
Cash and cash equivalents
£ million                                                                                                                                2019          2018

Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                              630.4          734.2

Further information on financial assets can be found in Note 20.

17. Bank and other loans
£ million                                                                                                                                2019          2018

€100.0 million 2.02% Senior Loan Notes 2023                                                                                             84.7           90.1
                                                                                                                                        84.7           90.1

£ million                                                                                                                                2019          2018

Amount due for settlement after one year                                                                                                84.7           90.1
Total borrowings                                                                                                                        84.7           90.1

Further information on loan facilities can be found in Note 20.

18. Trade and other payables
                                                                                                              Current                   Non-current
£ million                                                                                                    2019          2018          2019          2018

Trade payables                                                                                            458.5          495.0          48.3           33.8
Land creditors                                                                                            339.9          359.5         389.3          379.1
Customer deposits                                                                                          65.0           65.1           9.9           10.6
Completed site accruals                                                                                    97.0          106.8          38.7           41.3
Other payables                                                                                             14.4           17.9          13.5           26.5
                                                                                                          974.8         1,044.3        499.7          491.3

Revenue recognised in the current year that was included in the customer deposit balance brought forward at the beginning of the period was
£65.1 million (2018: £75.8 million). Other payables include £21.0 million (2018: £31.8 million) of repayable grants.
Land creditors are denominated as follows:
£ million                                                                                                                                2019          2018

Sterling                                                                                                                               710.1          715.7
Euros                                                                                                                                   19.1           22.9
                                                                                                                                       729.2          738.6

Land creditors of £429.8 million (2018: £367.1 million) are secured against land acquired for development.
Further information on financial liabilities can be found in Note 20.




168         Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
19. Leases                                                                                                                                                                                            Strategic report
The Group as a lessee
The Group’s leases consist primarily of office premises and equipment.
Right-of-use assets:                                                                                                                                     Office
£ million                                                                                                                                             premises       Equipment                Total

At 1 January 2019                                                                                                                                        18.2               8.9               27.1



                                                                                                                                                                                                      Governance
At 31 December 2019                                                                                                                                      18.0               9.4               27.4
Additions during the year                                                                                                                                  3.6              5.9                9.5

Lease liabilities:
£ million                                                                                                                                                                  2019               2018

Current                                                                                                                                                                    7.6                 8.2
Non-current                                                                                                                                                               20.3                19.2
Total                                                                                                                                                                     27.9                27.4




                                                                                                                                                                                                      Financial statements
Amounts recognised in the income statement:
£ million                                                                                                                                                                  2019               2018

Depreciation charged on right-of-use office premises                                                                                                                        3.8                3.9
Depreciation charged on right-of-use equipment                                                                                                                              4.9                5.1
Interest on lease liabilities                                                                                                                                               0.5                0.5
Total                                                                                                                                                                       9.2                9.5

The total cash outflow for leases during the current year was £8.9 million, including £0.5 million of interest (2018: £8.8 million, including £0.5 million
of interest).

20. Financial instruments and fair value disclosures
Capital management
The Group’s policy is to maintain a strong balance sheet for the business and to have an appropriate funding structure. Shareholders’ equity and long
term debt are used to finance intangible assets, property, plant and equipment and the medium to long term inventories. Revolving credit facilities are
used to finance net current assets, including development and construction costs. The Group’s financing facilities contain the usual financial covenants
including minimum interest cover and maximum gearing. The Group met these requirements throughout the year and up to the date of the approval of the
financial statements.
Financial assets and financial liabilities
Categories of financial assets and financial liabilities are as follows:
                                                                                                                                     Carrying value                         Fair value
Financial assets                                                                                                Fair value    31 December        31 December       31 December       31 December
£ million                                                                                                       hierarchy            2019               2018              2019              2018

Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                               a           630.4              734.2             630.4             734.2
Land receivables                                                                                                        a            12.8                9.6              12.8               9.6
Trade and other receivables                                                                                             a           113.5               97.8             113.5              97.8
Mortgage receivables                                                                                                    b            34.0               45.3              34.0              45.3
                                                                                                                                    790.7              886.9             790.7             886.9
(a) The Directors consider the carrying amounts of financial assets and financial liabilities recorded at amortised costs in the consolidated financial statements to approximate their fair value.
(b) Mortgage receivables relate to sales incentives, including shared equity loans and are measured at fair value through profit or loss. The fair value is established based on a publicly
    available national house price index, being significant other observable inputs (level 2).

Land receivables and trade and other receivables are included in the balance sheet as trade and other receivables for current and non-current amounts.
Current and non-current trade and other receivables, as disclosed in Note 16, include £44.4 million (2018: £37.7 million) of non-financial assets.




 www.taylorwimpey.co.uk 169
www.taylorwimpey.co.uk   169
Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




20. Financial instruments and fair value disclosures continued
                                                                                                                                      Carrying value                         Fair value
Financial liabilities                                                                                           Fair value     31 December       31 December       31 December        31 December
£ million                                                                                                       hierarchy             2019              2018              2019               2018

Bank and other loans                                                                                                    a             84.7               90.1              85.8                  90.4
Land creditors                                                                                                          b            729.2              738.6             729.2                 738.6
Trade and other payables                                                                                                b            628.2              698.0             628.2                 698.0
Lease liabilities                                                                                                       b             27.9               27.4              27.9                  27.4
                                                                                                                                  1,470.0              1,554.1         1,471.1               1,554.4
(a) The fair value of the €100 million fixed rate loan notes has been determined by reference to external interest rates and the Directors’ assessment of the margin for credit risk (level 2).
(b) The Directors consider the carrying amounts of financial assets and financial liabilities recorded at amortised costs in the consolidated financial statements to approximate their fair value.

Current and non-current trade and other payables, as disclosed in Note 18, include £117.1 million (2018: £99.0 million) of non-financial liabilities.
The Group has designated the carrying value of €79.0 million of foreign currency borrowings (2018: €54.0 million foreign currency borrowings) as a net
investment hedge.
The Group has no financial instruments with fair values that are determined by reference to significant unobservable inputs (level 3), nor have there been
any transfers of assets or liabilities between levels of the fair value hierarchy. There are no non-recurring fair value measurements.
Forward contracts have been entered into to hedge transaction risks on intra-Group loans to buy/(sell) against Sterling: €15.0 million (2018: €55.0 million).
The fair value of the forward contracts is not material as they were entered into on or near 31 December in each year and mature less than one month
later, hence the value of the derivative is negligible.
Market risk
The Group’s activities expose it to the financial risks of changes in both foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. The Group aims to manage
the exposure to these risks using fixed or variable rate borrowings, foreign currency borrowings and derivative financial instruments.
(a) Interest rate risk management
The Group can be exposed to interest rate risk as the Group borrows funds, when required, at variable interest rates. The exposure to variable rate
borrowings can fluctuate during the year due to the seasonal nature of cash flows relating to housing sales and the less certain timing of land payments.
Group policy is to manage the volatility risk by a combination of fixed rate borrowings and interest rate swaps such that the sensitivity to potential changes
in variable rates is within acceptable levels. Group policy does not allow the use of derivatives to speculate against changes to future interest rates and
they are only used to manage exposure to volatility and no interest-rate hedging has taken place in the current or previous year. This policy has not
changed during the year.
To measure the risk, variable rate borrowings and the expected interest cost for the year are forecast monthly and compared to budget using management’s
expectations of a reasonably possible change in interest rates. Interest expense volatility remained within acceptable limits throughout the year.
Interest rate sensitivity
The effect on both income and equity, based on exposure to non-derivative floating rate instruments at the balance sheet date, is shown in the table
below. The Group does not currently have any outstanding interest rate derivatives. The 0.25% change represents a reasonably possible change in
interest rates over the next financial period. The table assumes all other variables remain constant in accordance with IFRS 7.
                                                                                                                                 Income             Equity            Income                 Equity
                                                                                                                               sensitivity       sensitivity        sensitivity           sensitivity
£ million                                                                                                                           2019              2019              2018                  2018

0.25% increase in interest rates                                                                                                     1.6                1.6               1.8                   1.8

                                                                                                                                 Income             Equity            Income                 Equity
                                                                                                                               sensitivity       sensitivity        sensitivity           sensitivity
£ million                                                                                                                           2019              2019              2018                  2018

0.25% decrease in interest rates                                                                                                    (1.6)               (1.6)            (1.8)                 (1.8)

(b) Foreign currency risk management
The Group’s overseas activities expose it to the financial risks of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Its Spanish subsidiary is the only foreign
operation of the Group.
The Group is not materially exposed to transaction risks as all Group companies conduct their business in their respective functional currencies.
Group policy requires that transaction risks are hedged to the functional currency of the subsidiary using foreign currency borrowings or derivatives
where appropriate.




170         Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
20. Financial instruments and fair value disclosures continued                                                                                                      Strategic report
The Group is exposed to the translation risk from accounting for both the income and the net investment held in a functional currency other than Sterling.
The net investment risk may be hedged using foreign currency borrowings and derivatives. Assets and liabilities denominated in non-functional currencies
are retranslated each month using the latest exchange rates. Income is also measured monthly using the latest exchange rates and compared with a
budget held at historical exchange rates. Other than the natural hedge provided by foreign currency borrowings, the translation risk of income is not
hedged using derivatives. The policy is kept under periodic review and has not changed during the year.
Hedge accounting


                                                                                                                                                                    Governance
Hedging activities are evaluated periodically to ensure that they are in line with Group policy.
The Group has designated the carrying value of €79.0 million of foreign currency borrowings (2018: €54.0 million borrowings) held at the balance sheet
date as a net investment hedge of part of the Group’s investment in Euro denominated assets.
The change in the carrying value of the borrowings designated as a net investment hedge offset the exchange movement on the foreign currency net
investments and are presented in the statement of other comprehensive income.
Foreign currency sensitivity
The Group is exposed to the Euro due to its Spanish operations. The following table details how the Group’s income and equity would increase/
(decrease) on a before tax basis following a 10% (2018: 15%) change in the currency’s value against Sterling, all other variables remaining constant.
The 10% change represents a reasonably possible change in the specified Euro exchange rates in relation to Sterling.




                                                                                                                                                                    Financial statements
                                                                                                           Income         Equity         Income          Equity
                                                                                                         sensitivity   sensitivity     sensitivity    sensitivity
£ million                                                                                                     2019          2019           2018           2018

Euro weakens against Sterling                                                                                 (1.2)          4.8            (1.7)           4.7
Euro strengthens against Sterling                                                                              1.5          (5.9)            2.3           (6.3)

Credit risk
Credit risk is the risk of financial loss where counterparties are not able to meet their obligations.
Group policy is that surplus cash, when not used to repay borrowings, is placed on deposit with the Group’s main relationship banks and with other banks or
money market funds based on a minimum credit rating and maximum exposure. There is no significant concentration of risk to any single counterparty.
Land receivables arise from sales of surplus land on deferred terms. If the credit risk is not acceptable, then the deferred payment must have adequate
security, either by an appropriate guarantee or a charge over the land. The fair value of any land held as security is considered by management to be
sufficient in relation to the carrying amount of the receivable to which it relates.
Trade and other receivables comprise mainly amounts receivable from various housing associations and other housebuilders. Management consider that
the credit quality of the various receivables is good in respect of the amounts outstanding and therefore credit risk is considered to be low. There is no
significant concentration of risk.
Mortgage receivables, including shared equity loans, are in connection with the various historical promotion schemes to support sales on a selective
basis, and are measured at fair value through profit or loss. The mortgages are secured by a second charge over the property with a low level of
experienced credit losses due to non-payment.
The carrying amount of financial assets, as detailed above, represents the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date assuming that
any security held has no value.
Liquidity risk
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group does not have sufficient financial resources available to meet its obligations as they fall due. The Group manages
liquidity risk by continuously monitoring forecast and actual cash flows, matching the expected cash flow timings of financial assets and liabilities with
the use of cash and cash equivalents, borrowings, overdrafts and committed revolving credit facilities with a minimum of 12 months to maturity.
Future borrowing requirements are forecast on a monthly basis and funding headroom is maintained above forecast peak requirements to meet
unforeseen events. At 31 December 2019, the Group’s borrowings and facilities had a range of maturities with an average life of 4.0 years (2018: 4.2 years).
In February 2020, the Group agreed with its banks to extend the £550 million facility for one year to February 2025, increasing the average life of the Group’s
borrowings and facilities to 4.9 years (2018: 5.0 years).
In addition to fixed term borrowings, the Group has access to committed revolving credit facilities and cash balances. At the balance sheet date, the total
unused committed amount was £550.0 million (2018: £550.0 million) and cash and cash equivalents were £630.4 million (2018: £734.2 million).




 www.taylorwimpey.co.uk 171
www.taylorwimpey.co.uk   171
Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




20. Financial instruments and fair value disclosures continued
The maturity profile of the anticipated future cash flows including interest, using the latest applicable relevant rate, based on the earliest date on which
the Group can be required to pay financial liabilities on an undiscounted basis, is as follows:
                                                                                                                              Trade
                                                                                             Bank and           Land      and other          Lease
£ million                                                                                  other loans      creditors      payables       liabilities       Total

On demand                                                                                          –             –              –                 –           –
Within one year                                                                                  1.7         346.5          547.5               8.0       903.7
More than one year and less than two years                                                       1.7         197.7           51.7               6.3       257.4
More than two years and less than five years                                                    87.3         191.8           23.7               9.3       312.1
More than five years                                                                               –          23.9            5.3               5.6        34.8
31 December 2019                                                                                90.7         759.9          628.2             29.2       1,508.0


                                                                                                                              Trade
                                                                                            Bank and           Land       and other           Lease
£ million                                                                                  other loans      creditors      payables        liabilities         Total

On demand                                                                                          –             –              –                 –           –
Within one year                                                                                  1.8         367.8          612.2               8.6       990.4
More than one year and less than two years                                                       1.8         205.8           53.9               6.4       267.9
More than two years and less than five years                                                    94.6         183.9           31.4               9.0       318.9
More than five years                                                                               –          14.4            0.5               4.6        19.5
31 December 2018                                                                                98.2         771.9          698.0             28.6       1,596.7

21. Retirement benefit obligations
Total retirement benefit obligations of £85.0 million (2018: £133.6 million) comprise a defined benefit pension liability of £84.5 million (2018: £133.0 million)
and a post-retirement healthcare liability of £0.5 million (2018: £0.6 million).
The Group operates the Taylor Wimpey Pension Scheme (TWPS), a defined benefit pension scheme, which is closed to both new members and to future
accrual. The Group also operates defined contribution pension arrangements in the UK, which are available to new and existing UK employees.
Defined contribution pension plan
A defined contribution plan is an arrangement under which the Group pays contributions to an independently administered fund or policy; such
contributions are based on a fixed percentage of employees’ pay. The Group has no legal or constructive obligations to pay further contributions to
the fund/policy once the contributions have been paid. Employees’ benefits are determined by the amount of contributions paid by the Group and the
employee, together with investment returns earned on the contributions arising from the performance of each individual’s chosen investments and the
type of pension the employee chooses to buy at retirement. As a result, actuarial risk (that benefits will be lower than expected) and investment risk
(that invested assets will not perform in line with expectations) fall on the employee.
The Group’s contributions are recognised as an employee benefit expense when they are due. Prepaid contributions are recognised as an asset to the
extent that a cash refund or a reduction in the future payments is available.
The Group’s defined contribution plan, the Taylor Wimpey Personal Choice Plan (TWPCP), is offered to all new and existing monthly paid employees.
The People’s Pension is used for auto enrolment purposes for all weekly paid employees and those monthly paid employees not participating in the
TWPCP. The People’s Pension is provided by B&CE, one of the UK’s largest providers of financial benefits to construction industry employers
and individuals.
The Group made contributions to its defined contribution arrangements of £14.5 million in the year (2018: £12.4 million), which is included in the income
statement charge.
Defined benefit pension schemes
The Group’s defined benefit pension scheme in the UK is the TWPS. The TWPS is a funded defined benefit pension scheme which provides benefits to
beneficiaries in the form of a guaranteed level of pension payable for life. The level of benefits provided depends on an individual member’s length of
service and their salary in the final years leading up to retirement or date of ceasing active accrual if earlier. Pension payments are generally increased in
line with inflation.
The TWPS was formed by the merger of the Taylor Woodrow Group Pension and Life Assurance Fund and the George Wimpey Staff Pension Scheme in
2013. The TWPS is closed to new members and future accrual.
The Group operates the TWPS under the UK regulatory framework. Benefits are paid to members from a Trustee-administered fund and the Trustee is
responsible for ensuring that the TWPS is well-managed and that members’ benefits are secure. Scheme assets are held in trust.
The TWPS Trustee’s other duties include managing the investment of scheme assets, administration of scheme benefits and exercising of discretionary
powers. The Group works closely with the Trustee to manage the TWPS. The Trustee of the TWPS owes fiduciary duties to the TWPS’ beneficiaries.
The appointment of the Directors to the Trustee Board is determined by the TWPS trust documentation.




172         Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
21. Retirement benefit obligations continued                                                                                                                     Strategic report
During 2017, the Group engaged with the TWPS Trustee on the triennial valuation of the pension scheme with a reference date of 31 December 2016.
The table below sets out the key assumptions agreed as part of this valuation.
Assumptions
Discount rate (pre-retirement)                     4.20%
Discount rate (post-retirement)                    2.35%



                                                                                                                                                                 Governance
RPI inflation                                      3.50%
CPI inflation                                      2.70%
Mortality                                          100% of S2PXA tables, CMI_2016 improvements with 1.50% trend rate and a smoothing factor of 7.5

The result of this valuation was a Technical Provisions deficit at 31 December 2016 of £222.0 million. To meet this deficit, a revised funding plan was
agreed in February 2018. The funding plan commits the Group to £40.0 million per annum of deficit reduction contributions from 1 April 2018 to
31 December 2020 and £2.0 million per annum for scheme expenses from 1 February 2018 to 31 January 2023. In addition, £5.1 million per annum is
received by the TWPS from the Pension Funding Partnership (as described below). However, £40.0 million per annum of cash contributions are only
required whilst the TWPS remains in a Technical Provisions deficit position. Should the TWPS become fully funded, then these cash contributions will
be suspended until such time that the scheme’s Technical Provisions funding level falls to below 96% at the end of any quarter. In April 2018, the Group




                                                                                                                                                                 Financial statements
paid a one-off contribution of £23.0 million into the TWPS to increase the funding level to 100% and thereby suspend any future contributions from
31 March 2018. The funding level of the TWPS remained above the threshold of 96% until 31 December 2018. Contributions of £40.0 million per annum
therefore recommenced from 1 January 2019 and will be payable until 31 December 2020, or until such time as the funding level increases to at least
100% if earlier.
On an IAS 19 accounting basis the underlying surplus in the scheme at 31 December 2019 was £100.5 million (2018: £33.1 million). The terms of the
TWPS are such that the Group does not have an unconditional right to a refund of surplus. As a result, the Group has recognised an adjustment to the
underlying surplus in the TWPS on an IAS 19 accounting basis of £185.0 million, resulting in an IFRIC 14 deficit of £84.5 million, which represents the
present value of future contributions under the funding plan.
In 2013, the Group introduced a £100.0 million Pension Funding Partnership utilising show homes, as well as seven offices, in a sale and leaseback
structure. This provides an additional £5.1 million of annual funding for the TWPS. The assets held within the Pension Funding Partnership do not affect
the IAS 19 figures (before IFRIC 14) as they remain assets of the Group, and are not assets of the TWPS. At 31 December 2019 there was £96.0 million
of property and £16.1 million of cash held within the structure (2018: £89.9 million of property and £22.4 million of cash). The terms of this Funding
Partnership are such that, should the TWPS be in a Technical Provisions deficit at 31 December 2028, then a bullet payment will be due equal to the
lower of £100.0 million or the Technical Provisions deficit at that time. The IFRIC 14 deficit at 31 December 2019 does not include any value in respect of
this bullet payment as modelling undertaken by an independent actuary indicates that the TWPS is expected to be fully funded by 2028 and no bullet
payment is expected to be required.
The Group continues to work closely with the Trustee in managing pension risks, including management of interest rate, inflation and longevity risks.
The TWPS assets are approximately 90% hedged against changes in both interest rates and inflation expectations on the scheme’s long term,
‘self-sufficiency’ basis. The TWPS also benefits from a bulk annuity contract which covers some of the largest liabilities in the scheme, providing protection
against interest rate, inflation and longevity risk.
The duration, or average term to payment for the benefits due, weighted by liability, is approximately 16 years.
Accounting assumptions
The assumptions used in calculating the accounting costs and obligations of the TWPS, as detailed below, are set by the Directors after consultation with
independent actuaries. The basis for these assumptions is prescribed by IAS 19 and they do not reflect the assumptions that may be used in future
funding valuations of the TWPS.
The discount rate used to determine the present value of the obligations is set by reference to market yields on high-quality corporate bonds with regard
for the duration of the TWPS. The assumption for RPI inflation is set by reference to the Bank of England’s implied inflation curve with regard for the
duration of the TWPS, with appropriate adjustments to reflect distortions due to supply and demand for inflation-linked securities. CPI inflation is set by
reference to RPI inflation as no CPI-linked bonds exist to render implied CPI inflation directly observable.
The life expectancies have been derived using mortality assumptions that were based on the results of a Medically Underwritten Mortality Study
conducted by the Group during 2017, combined with experience data. Using the results from this study, the mortality assumption is based on 107% of
S2PXA tables, CMI_2018 improvements with a 1.25% trend rate and smoothing factor of 7. The mortality assumption used in 2018 was 107% of S2PXA
tables, CMI_2017 improvements with a 1.25% trend rate and a smoothing factor of 7.5.
Accounting valuation assumptions                                                                                                        2019             2018

At 31 December:
Discount rate for scheme liabilities                                                                                               2.10%       2.95%
General pay inflation                                                                                                                 n/a         n/a
Deferred pension increases                                                                                                         2.15%       2.25%
Pension increases*                                                                                                           2.05%-3.60% 2.15%-3.70%
* Pension increases depend on the section of the scheme of which each member is a part.




 www.taylorwimpey.co.uk 173
www.taylorwimpey.co.uk   173
Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




21. Retirement benefit obligations continued
The current life expectancies (in years) underlying the value of the accrued liabilities for the TWPS are:
                                                                                                                                       2019                                   2018
Life expectancy                                                                                                                     Male              Female              Male             Female

Member currently aged 65                                                                                                             86                   88                86                 88
Member currently aged 45                                                                                                             87                   89                88                 90

The table below shows the impact to the present value of scheme liabilities of movements in key assumptions, measured using the same method as the
defined benefit scheme.
Assumption                                                           Change in assumption                Impact on defined benefit obligation             Impact on defined benefit obligation (%)

Discount rate                                              Decrease by 0.1% p.a.                                      Increase by £35m                                                        1.5
Rate of inflation*                                          Increase by 0.1% p.a.                                     Increase by £24m                                                        1.0
Life expectancy                                          Members live 1 year longer                                   Increase by £87m                                                        3.7
* Assumed to affect deferred revaluation and pensioner increases in payment.

The sensitivity of increasing life expectancy has been reduced by a medically underwritten buy-in. See the section on risks and risk management at the
end of this note.
                                                                                                                                31 December 2019                      31 December 2018
                                                                                                                                                Percentage of                        Percentage of
                                                                                                                                                 total scheme                         total scheme
Fair value of scheme assets of the TWPS                                                                                         £ million               assets         £ million             assets

Unquoted equities(a)                                                                                                             134.4                5.9%               79.6              3.8%
Diversified growth funds(b)                                                                                                      388.9               17.0%              352.8             16.8%
Hedge funds(c)                                                                                                                   169.7                7.4%              166.9              7.9%
Property                                                                                                                          27.5                1.2%               37.2              1.8%
Multi-asset credit                                                                                                               269.1               11.8%              219.8             10.4%
Direct lending                                                                                                                   139.0                6.1%              111.6              5.3%
Corporate bonds                                                                                                                   97.8                4.3%               85.5              4.1%
Liability driven investment(d)                                                                                                   849.0               37.2%              841.1             40.0%
Insurance policies in respect of certain members                                                                                 196.4                8.6%              196.7              9.3%
Cash                                                                                                                              10.4                0.5%               13.0              0.6%
                                                                                                                               2,282.2             100.0%            2,104.2            100.0%
(a) This amount relates to Volatility Controlled Equities (VCE). This fund has 2.5 – 8x leverage exposure, with a target of 4x. The leverage at 31 December 2019 was 3.1x (31 December
    2018: 4.6x).
(b) This amount relates to the Scheme’s Diversified Risk Premia (DRP) allocation. The leverage on the two funds in the DRP allocation at 31 December 2019 was 0.3x and 1.8x respectively
    (31 December 2018: -0.2x and 1.8x).
(c) The leverage on this fund at 31 December 2019 was 0.8x (31 December 2018: 0.9x).
(d) The bespoke Liability Driven Investment (LDI) fund is designed to protect the Scheme against movements in interest rates and inflation. The overall leverage on the LDI fund at
    31 December 2019 is approximately 4x (31 December 2018: 3x).

The value of the annuities held by the TWPS are set equal to the value of the liabilities which these annuities match. All other fair values are provided
by the fund managers and collated by Northern Trust as custodian, who independently price the securities from their preferred vendor sources where the
data is publicly available and rely on investment manager data where this information is not available. Where available, the fair values are quoted prices
(e.g. listed equity). Unlisted investments (e.g. private equity) are included at values provided by the fund manager in accordance with relevant guidance.
Other significant assets are valued based on observable inputs.
There are no investments in respect of the Group’s own securities.




174      Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
21. Retirement benefit obligations continued                                                                                                                       Strategic report
The table below details the movements in the TWPS pension liability and assets recorded through the income statement and other
comprehensive income.
                                                                                                                                  Fair value   Asset/(liability)
                                                                                                           Present value of      of scheme     recognised on
£ million                                                                                                       obligation           assets    balance sheet

At 1 January 2019                                                                                               (2,237.2)        2,104.2              (133.0)



                                                                                                                                                                   Governance
Past service credit related to PIE exercise (Note 6)                                                                15.3               –                15.3
Administration expenses                                                                                                –            (1.8)               (1.8)
Interest (expense)/income                                                                                          (64.3)           61.1                (3.2)
Total amount recognised in income statement                                                                          (49.0)           59.3               10.3
Remeasurement gain on scheme assets not included in income statement                                                    –           187.0              187.0
Change in demographic assumptions                                                                                    46.1               –               46.1
Change in financial assumptions                                                                                    (245.9)              –             (245.9)
Experience gain                                                                                                      17.9               –               17.9
Adjustment to liabilities for IFRIC 14                                                                              (14.0)              –              (14.0)




                                                                                                                                                                   Financial statements
Total remeasurements in other comprehensive income                                                                 (195.9)          187.0                 (8.9)
Employer contributions                                                                                                  –            47.1                47.1
Employee contributions                                                                                                  –               –                   –
Benefit payments                                                                                                    115.4          (115.4)                  –
At 31 December 2019                                                                                             (2,366.7)        2,282.2                (84.5)

                                                                                                                                  Fair value   Asset/(liability)
                                                                                                            Present value of     of scheme     recognised on
£ million                                                                                                         obligation         assets    balance sheet

At 1 January 2018                                                                                                (2,327.2)       2,263.5                (63.7)
Past service cost related to GMP equalisation                                                                        (16.1)             –               (16.1)
Administration expenses                                                                                                  –           (1.9)                (1.9)
Interest (expense)/income                                                                                            (57.9)         56.8                  (1.1)
Total amount recognised in income statement                                                                          (74.0)           54.9              (19.1)
Remeasurement loss on scheme assets not included in income statement                                                     –         (132.2)            (132.2)
Change in demographic assumptions                                                                                     15.9              –                15.9
Change in financial assumptions                                                                                     121.3               –              121.3
Experience loss                                                                                                      (13.0)             –               (13.0)
Adjustment to liabilities for IFRIC 14                                                                               (76.3)             –               (76.3)
Total remeasurements in other comprehensive income                                                                    47.9         (132.2)              (84.3)
Employer contributions                                                                                                  –            34.1                34.1
Employee contributions                                                                                                  –               –                   –
Benefit payments                                                                                                    116.1          (116.1)                  –
At 31 December 2018                                                                                              (2,237.2)       2,104.2              (133.0)

Accounting valuation
£ million                                                                                                                              2019               2018

Fair value of scheme assets                                                                                                     2,282.2             2,104.2
Present value of scheme obligations                                                                                            (2,181.7)           (2,071.1)
Surplus in scheme                                                                                                                   100.5                33.1
IFRIC 14 limitation on recognition of surplus                                                                                      (185.0)            (166.1)
Deficit after IFRIC 14 adjustment                                                                                                    (84.5)           (133.0)




 www.taylorwimpey.co.uk 175
www.taylorwimpey.co.uk   175
Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




21. Retirement benefit obligations continued
Risks and risk management
The TWPS, in common with the majority of such defined benefit pension schemes in the UK, has a number of areas of risk. These areas of risk, and the
ways in which the Group has sought to manage them, are set out in the table below.
The risks are considered from both a funding perspective, which drives the cash commitments of the Group, and from an accounting perspective, i.e. the
extent to which such risks affect the amounts recorded in the Group’s financial statements.
Although investment decisions in the UK are the responsibility of the TWPS Trustee, the Group takes an active interest to ensure that the pension scheme
risks are managed efficiently. The Group has regular meetings with the Trustee to discuss investment performance, regulatory changes and proposals to
actively manage the position of the TWPS.
Risk              Description

Asset             In November 2017, the Trustee agreed to diversify their Diversified Risk Premia (DRP) allocation between two managers, disinvesting half of the
volatility        current DRP allocation with AQR, and allocating this to the Bridgewater Optimal fund. This transition occurred on 1 February 2018 (with
                  £188 million allocated to the Bridgewater Optimal fund) and has led to greater diversification and reduced manager concentration risk.
                  In March 2018, the Trustee put in place a de-risking framework to ensure that any asset outperformance above expectations of the
                  TWPS objectives was captured. This led to the TWPS de-risking from the Schroders Volatility Controlled Equities fund in Q2 2018
                  where c.£60 million (one third of the allocation) was disinvested.
                  The TWPS strategy remains well diversified through its exposure to a range of asset classes, including volatility-controlled equities,
                  commercial real estate debt, direct loans, fund of hedge funds, Government bonds and a broad spectrum of corporate bonds and
                  other fixed income exposures.
                  The TWPS does not target a specific asset allocation but instead bases its strategic asset allocation on the return objectives and risk
                  constraints agreed upon by the Trustee. These were revisited and reviewed in 2018 to ensure they reflected the TWPS latest position.
                  Given the TWPS improved funding position, it was agreed that the TWPS full funding objective would be brought forward to 2025
                  (from 2030) on a low-risk, self-sufficiency basis. The TWPS risk budget was also reduced from a funding-ratio-at-risk measure of 10% to 7.5%.
                  There were no significant changes to the TWPS’ asset allocation over 2019, which remains well diversified, with risk significantly below
                  the agreed risk budget.
Changes in        Falling bond yields tend to increase the funding and accounting liabilities. However, the investment in bond and liability-matching
bond yields       derivatives offers a degree of matching, i.e. the movement in assets arising from changes in bond yields partially matches the
                  movement in the funding or accounting liabilities. In this way, the exposure to movements in bond yields is reduced.
Investing         To maintain appropriate diversification of investments within the TWPS assets and to take advantage of overseas investment returns,
in foreign        a proportion of the underlying investment portfolio is invested overseas. To balance the risk of investing in foreign currencies while
currency          having an obligation to settle benefits in Sterling, a currency hedging programme, using forward foreign exchange contracts, has been
                  put in place to reduce the currency exposure of these overseas investments to the targeted level.
Asset/liability   In order to manage the TWPS economic exposure to interest rates and inflation rates, a liability-hedging programme has been put in
mismatch          place. Derivatives are being used to hedge changes in the TWPS’ funding level from changes in its liabilities in an unfunded way,
                  substantially reducing asset/liability mismatch risk.
Liquidity         Insurance policies, real estate and illiquid debt (which include commercial real estate debt and direct lending bonds) make up
                  £361 million (16%) of the asset portfolio of the TWPS. Excluding these amounts, approximately 56% of assets are managed in either
                  segregated accounts or daily/weekly dealt pooled funds and can be realised within a few business days under normal market
                  conditions. Of the remaining investments, a further 21% of assets are invested in pooled funds with monthly redemption dates.
                  The remaining 7% could be redeemed within approximately six months of notification in normal market conditions.
Life              The majority of the TWPS obligations are to provide a pension for the life of the member on retirement, so increases in life expectancy
expectancy        will result in an increase in the TWPS’ liabilities. The inflation-linked nature of the majority of benefit payments from the TWPS increases
                  the sensitivity of the liabilities to changes in life expectancy. During 2014, the Group reached agreement with Partnership Life Assurance
                  Company Limited (now Just Group plc) to insure the benefits of 10% of members with the greatest anticipated liabilities through a
                  medically underwritten buy-in. By insuring these members, the Group has removed more than 10% of risk from the TWPS by
                  significantly reducing the longevity risk in relation to a large proportion of the liabilities.




176     Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
22. Provisions                                                                                                                                                   Strategic report
£ million                                                                                           ACM cladding     Leasehold             Other         Total

At 1 January 2018                                                                                              –        127.6               34.0      161.6
Additions                                                                                                  30.0              –              15.3        45.3
Utilisation                                                                                                 (0.4)        (25.5)              (1.5)     (27.4)
Released                                                                                                       –             –               (8.3)       (8.3)



                                                                                                                                                                 Governance
Other movements                                                                                                –             –               (0.9)       (0.9)
At 31 December 2018                                                                                        29.6         102.1               38.6      170.3
Additions                                                                                                     –             –               11.2       11.2
Utilisation                                                                                                (5.9)        (29.9)              (9.0)     (44.8)
Released                                                                                                      –             –               (8.2)      (8.2)
Other movements                                                                                               –             –               (0.1)      (0.1)
At 31 December 2019                                                                                        23.7          72.2               32.5      128.4

£ million                                                                                                                                   2019         2018




                                                                                                                                                                 Financial statements
Current                                                                                                                                     72.7       76.9
Non-current                                                                                                                                 55.7       93.4
31 December                                                                                                                               128.4       170.3

In 2018, the Group established an exceptional provision for the cost of replacing Aluminium Composite Materials (ACM) on a small number of legacy
developments. The majority of the provision is expected to be utilised within two years.
In 2017, the Group launched an assistance scheme to help certain customers restructure their ground rent agreements with their freeholder and
established an associated provision of £130.0 million to fund this. The amounts and timing of the outflows depend largely on the number and rate of
eligible applicants to the scheme and ongoing discussions with freeholders. The Group expects the scheme will run for several years and anticipates
approximately £40.0 million of the remaining provision will be utilised within the next 12 months.
Other provisions consist of a remedial work provision covering various obligations on a limited number of sites across the Group. Other provisions also
includes amounts for legal claims and other contract-related costs associated with various matters arising across the Group, the majority of which are
anticipated to be settled within a three year period; however, there is some uncertainty regarding the timing of these outflows due to the nature of the
claims and the length of time it can take to reach settlement.

23. Share capital
£ million                                                                                                                                   2019         2018

Authorised:
22,200,819,176 (2018: 22,200,819,176) ordinary shares of 1p each                                                                          222.0       222.0
1,158,299,201 (2018: 1,158,299,201) deferred ordinary shares of 24p each                                                                  278.0       278.0
                                                                                                                                          500.0       500.0

                                                                                                                                 Number of shares    £ million

Issued and fully paid:
31 December 2018                                                                                                             3,278,054,763            288.5
Ordinary shares issued in the year                                                                                               5,053,411              0.1
31 December 2019                                                                                                             3,283,108,174            288.6

During the year, the Company issued an additional 5.1 million (2018: 2.6 million) ordinary shares to satisfy option exercises. The Company also has in
issue 1,065.6 million deferred ordinary shares (2018: 1,065.6 million), the shares were issued in 2009 and carry no voting rights.
During the year, options were exercised over 8,421,378 ordinary shares (2018: 8,242,974) which were met from new issues of share capital and from the
holding of shares in the Employee Share Ownership Trusts (ESOTs). Under the Group’s performance share plan, employees held conditional awards at
31 December 2019 in respect of up to 19,466,040 shares, subject to achievement of performance tests (2018: 18,601,569) at nil pence per share
nominally exercisable up to September 2022.
Under the Group’s savings-related share option schemes, employees held options at 31 December 2019 to purchase 19,740,433 shares (2018:
19,229,800) at prices between 90.0 pence and 159.1 pence per share exercisable up to June 2025. Under the Group’s share incentive plan, employees
held conditional awards at 31 December 2019 in respect of 5,789,856 shares (2018: 5,386,991) at nil pence per share.




 www.taylorwimpey.co.uk 177
www.taylorwimpey.co.uk   177
Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




24. Share premium
£ million                                                                                                                                    2019          2018

At 1 January and 31 December                                                                                                              762.9          762.9

25. Other reserves
                                                                                                            Capital
                                                                                                       redemption        Translation                 Total other
£ million                                                                                                  reserve          reserve         Other      reserves

Balance at 1 January 2018                                                                                    31.5               7.8           4.9         44.2
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                                                       –               1.5             –           1.5
Movement in fair value of hedging instruments                                                                   –              (0.7)            –          (0.7)
Balance at 31 December 2018                                                                                  31.5               8.6           4.9         45.0
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                                                       –              (5.5)            –         (5.5)
Movement in fair value of hedging instruments                                                                   –               4.1             –          4.1
Balance at 31 December 2019                                                                                  31.5               7.2           4.9         43.6

Capital redemption reserve
The capital redemption reserve arose on an historic redemption of the Company’s shares and is not distributable.
Translation reserve
The translation reserve consists of exchange differences arising on the translation of overseas operations. It also includes changes in fair values of hedging
instruments where such instruments are designated and effective as hedges of investment in overseas operations.

26. Own shares
£ million

Balance at 1 January 2018                                                                                                                                 21.3
Shares acquired                                                                                                                                             9.9
Disposed of on exercise of options                                                                                                                         (8.5)
Balance at 31 December 2018                                                                                                                               22.7
Disposed of on exercise of options                                                                                                                        (5.1)
Balance at 31 December 2019                                                                                                                               17.6

The own shares reserve represents the cost of shares in Taylor Wimpey plc purchased in the market, those held as treasury shares and those held by
the Taylor Wimpey Employee Share Ownership Trusts to satisfy options and conditional share awards under the Group’s share plans.
Million shares                                                                                                                               2019          2018

Ordinary shares held in trust for bonus, option and performance award plans                                                                 10.7          13.9

Employee Share Ownership Trusts (ESOTs) are used to hold the Company’s shares which have been acquired on the market. These shares are used to
meet the valid exercise of options and/or vesting of conditional awards and/or award of shares under the Executive Incentive Scheme, Bonus Deferral
Plan, Performance Share Plan, Savings-Related Share Option Scheme and the matching award of shares under the Share Incentive Plan.
During the year, Taylor Wimpey plc did not purchase any of its own shares to be held in the ESOTs (2018: £9.9 million).
The ESOTs’ entire holding of shares at 31 December 2019 was covered by outstanding options and conditional awards over shares at that date.

27. Notes to the cash flow statement
Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash at bank and other short term highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less.
Movement in net cash
                                                                                                                      Cash and cash      Bank and          Total
£ million                                                                                                                equivalents   other loans     net cash

Balance at 1 January 2018                                                                                                    600.5         (88.7)        511.8
Net cash flow                                                                                                                133.8              –        133.8
Foreign exchange                                                                                                               (0.1)         (1.4)         (1.5)
Balance at 31 December 2018                                                                                                  734.2         (90.1)        644.1
Net cash flow                                                                                                               (101.2)            –        (101.2)
Foreign exchange                                                                                                              (2.6)          5.4           2.8
Balance at 31 December 2019                                                                                                  630.4         (84.7)        545.7




178         Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
28. Contingent liabilities and capital commitments                                                                                                                  Strategic report
The Group in the normal course of business has given guarantees and entered into counter-indemnities in respect of bonds relating to the Group’s own
contracts and has given guarantees in respect of the Group’s share of certain contractual obligations of joint ventures.
The Group has entered into counter-indemnities in the normal course of business in respect of performance bonds.
Provision is made for the Directors’ best estimate of all known legal claims and all legal actions in progress. The Group takes legal advice as to the
likelihood of success of claims and actions and no provision is made where the Directors consider, based on that advice, that the action is unlikely



                                                                                                                                                                    Governance
to succeed.
The Group has no significant capital commitments at 31 December 2019 (2018: none).

29. Share-based payments
Equity-settled share option plan
Details of all equity-settled share-based payment arrangements in existence during the year are set out in the Directors’ Remuneration Report on pages
106 to 131. The tables below show the movements in the schemes in the year as well as their weighted average exercise price (WAEP).
                                                                                                                2019                           2018
Schemes requiring consideration from participants:                                                         Options     WAEP (in £)        Options     WAEP (in £)

Outstanding at the beginning of the year                                                             24,616,791             1.36     22,235,874            1.33




                                                                                                                                                                    Financial statements
Granted during the year                                                                               9,994,951             1.21       8,577,379           1.33
Forfeited during the year                                                                            (3,351,527)            1.41      (2,776,902)          1.52
Exercised during the year                                                                            (5,729,926)            1.26      (3,419,560)          0.96
Outstanding at the end of the year                                                                   25,530,289             1.32     24,616,791            1.36
Exercisable at the end of the year                                                                    3,747,371             1.17      4,668,021            1.40

The table above includes shares that are granted to employees on a matching basis, when the employee joins the scheme, purchased shares are
matched on a 1:1 basis. 5,789,856 of these awards, which do not expire, were in issue at 31 December 2019 (2018: 5,386,991). The remaining options
outstanding at 31 December 2019 had a range of exercise prices from £0.90 to £1.59 (2018: £0.85 to £1.59) and a weighted average remaining
contractual life of 2.93 years (2018: 2.61 years).
                                                                                                                2019                           2018
Schemes not requiring consideration from participants:                                                     Options     WAEP (in £)        Options     WAEP (in £)

Outstanding at the beginning of the year                                                             18,601,569                  –   18,568,767                –
Granted during the year                                                                               7,489,917                  –     6,980,446               –
Forfeited during the year                                                                            (3,933,994)                 –    (2,124,230)              –
Exercised during the year                                                                            (2,691,452)                 –    (4,823,414)              –
Outstanding at the end of the year                                                                   19,466,040                  –   18,601,569                –
Exercisable at the end of the year                                                                            –                  –            –                –

The conditional awards outstanding at 31 December 2019 had a weighted average remaining contractual life of 1.76 years (2018: 1.74 years).
The average share price at the date of exercise across all options exercised during the period was £1.73 (2018: £1.78).
For share plans with no market conditions granted during the current and preceding year, the fair value of the awards at the grant date was determined
using the binomial model. The inputs into that model were as follows:
                                                                                                                                            2019            2018

Weighted average share price                                                                                                              £1.60          £1.72
Weighted average exercise price                                                                                                           £0.84          £0.90
Expected volatility                                                                                                                        35%             34%
Expected life                                                                                                                         3/5 years       3/5 years
Risk-free rate                                                                                                                            0.3%            1.1%
Expected dividend yield                                                                                                                  4.54%          2.88%

The weighted average fair value of share awards granted during the year was £0.81 (2018: £0.93).
Expected volatility was determined by calculating the historical volatility of the Group’s share price over the expected term.




 www.taylorwimpey.co.uk 179
www.taylorwimpey.co.uk   179
Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




29. Share-based payments continued
For share awards with market conditions granted during the current year, the fair value of the awards was determined using the Monte Carlo simulation
model. The inputs into that model were as follows:
                                                                                                                                           2019          2018

Weighted average share price                                                                                                            £1.85          £1.88
Weighted average exercise price                                                                                                            Nil             Nil
Expected volatility                                                                                                                      35%             37%
Expected life                                                                                                                         3 years         3 years
Risk-free rate                                                                                                                          0.8%            0.9%
Expected dividend yield                                                                                                                 0.0%            0.0%

The weighted average fair value of share options granted during the year was £1.07 (2018: £0.99).
Expected volatility was determined by calculating the historical volatility of the Group’s share price over the expected term. The expected life used in the
model was based on historical exercise patterns.
The Group recognised a share-based payment expense of £10.1 million in the year (2018: £12.2 million), which was composed of £8.0 million in relation
to equity settled schemes and £2.1 million in relation to dividend equivalents.

30. Related party transactions
Transactions between the Company and its subsidiaries, which are related parties, have been eliminated on consolidation and are not disclosed in this
note. The pension schemes of the Group are related parties. Arrangements between the Group and its pension schemes are disclosed in Note 21.
Transactions between the Group and its joint ventures are disclosed below. The Group has loans with joint ventures that are detailed in Note 13.
Trading transactions
During the year, Group sales to joint ventures totalled £15.6 million (2018: £18.5 million).
Remuneration of key management personnel
The key management personnel of the Group are the members of the Group Management Team (GMT) as presented on page 17. The remuneration
information for the Executive Directors is set out in the Remuneration Report on page 124. The aggregate compensation for the other members of the
GMT is as follows:
£ million                                                                                                                                  2019          2018

Short term employee benefits                                                                                                               2.4            3.6
Post-employment benefits                                                                                                                   0.3            0.3
Total (excluding share-based payments charge)                                                                                              2.7            3.9

In addition to the amounts above, a share-based payment charge of £0.9 million (2018: £1.1 million) related to share options held by members of
the GMT.

31. Dividends
£ million                                                                                                                                  2019          2018

Proposed
Interim dividend 2019: 3.84p (2018: 2.44p) per ordinary share of 1p each                                                                 125.6           79.7
Final dividend 2019: 3.80p (2018: 3.80p) per ordinary share of 1p each                                                                   125.0          125.0
                                                                                                                                         250.6          204.7
Amounts recognised as distributions to equity holders
Paid
Final dividend 2018: 3.80p (2017: 2.44p) per ordinary share of 1p each                                                                   124.2           79.8
Interim dividend 2019: 3.84p (2018: 2.44p) per ordinary share of 1p each                                                                 125.6           79.7
Special dividend 2019: 10.70p (2018: 10.40p) per ordinary share of 1p each                                                               349.9          340.0
                                                                                                                                         599.7          499.5

The Directors recommend a final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2019 of 3.80 pence per share (2018: 3.80 pence per share) subject to
shareholder approval at the Annual General Meeting, with an equivalent final dividend charge of c.£125.0 million (2018: £124.2 million). The final dividend
will be paid on 15 May 2020 to all shareholders registered at the close of business on 3 April 2020.
The Directors additionally recommend a special dividend of c.£360.0 million (2018: paid £349.9 million) subject to shareholder approval at the Annual
General Meeting. The special dividend will be paid on 10 July 2020 to all shareholders registered at the close of business on 5 June 2020.
In accordance with IAS 10 ‘Events after the balance sheet date’, the proposed final or special dividends have not been accrued as a liability at
31 December 2019.




180         Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
32. Alternative performance measures                                                                                                                                Strategic report
The Group uses a number of alternative performance measures (APMs) which are not defined within IFRS. The Directors use these measures in order to
assess the underlying operational performance of the Group and, as such, these measures should be considered alongside IFRS measures. The following
APMs are referred to throughout the year end results.
Profit before taxation and exceptional items and profit for the period before exceptional items
The Directors consider the removal of exceptional items from the reported results provides more clarity on the performance of the Group. They are



                                                                                                                                                                    Governance
reconciled to profit before tax and profit for the period on the face of the consolidated income statement.
Operating profit and operating profit margin
Throughout the Annual Report and Accounts operating profit is used as one of the main measures of performance. Operating profit is defined as profit on
ordinary activities before net finance costs, exceptional items and tax, after share of results of joint ventures. The Directors consider this to be an important
measure of the underlying performance of the Group. Operating profit margin is calculated as operating profit divided by total revenue. The Directors
consider this to be a metric which reflects the underlying performance of the business.
                                                                                                                                             2019           2018

Profit on ordinary activities before finance costs (£m)                                                                                    856.8          828.8
Adjusted for:




                                                                                                                                                                    Financial statements
  Share of results of joint ventures (£m)                                                                                                    8.0            5.3
  Exceptional items (£m)                                                                                                                   (14.3)          46.1
Operating profit (£m)                                                                                                                      850.5          880.2
Revenue (£m)                                                                                                                             4,341.3        4,082.0
Operating profit margin                                                                                                                   19.6%          21.6%

Net operating assets
Net operating assets is defined as basic net assets less net cash, excluding net taxation balances and accrued dividends. Average net operating assets is
the average of the opening and closing net operating assets of the 12-month period. With return on net operating assets, the Directors consider this to be
an important measure of the underlying operating efficiency and performance of the Group.
                                                                                                                              2019          2018            2017

Basic net assets (£m)                                                                                                     3,307.8        3,226.8        3,137.3
Adjusted for:
  Cash (£m) (Note 16)                                                                                                      (630.4)        (734.2)        (600.5)
  Borrowings (£m) (Note 17)                                                                                                  84.7           90.1           88.7
  Net taxation (£m)                                                                                                          38.1           29.2           28.6
  Accrued dividends (£m)                                                                                                        –              –              –
Net operating assets (£m)                                                                                                 2,800.2        2,611.9        2,654.1
Average basic net assets (£m)                                                                                             3,267.3        3,182.1
Average net operating assets (£m)                                                                                         2,706.1        2,633.0

Return on net operating assets
Return on net operating assets is defined as operating profit divided by average net operating assets. The Directors consider this to be an important
measure of the underlying operating efficiency and performance of the Group.
                                                                                                                                             2019           2018

Operating profit (£m)                                                                                                                      850.5          880.2
Average net operating assets (£m)                                                                                                        2,706.1        2,633.0
Return on net operating assets                                                                                                            31.4%          33.4%

Tangible net assets per share
This is calculated as net assets before any accrued dividends, excluding goodwill and intangible assets, divided by the number of ordinary shares in issue
at the end of the period. The Directors consider this to be a good measure of the value intrinsic within each ordinary share.
                                                                                                                                             2019           2018

Basic net assets (£m)                                                                                                                    3,307.8        3,226.8
Adjusted for:
  Intangible assets (£m) (Note 11)                                                                                                           (7.0)          (3.2)
Tangible net assets (£m)                                                                                                                 3,300.8        3,223.6
Ordinary shares in issue (millions)                                                                                                      3,283.1        3,278.1
Tangible net assets per share (pence)                                                                                                      100.5           98.3




 www.taylorwimpey.co.uk 181
www.taylorwimpey.co.uk   181
Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued




32. Alternative performance measures continued
Adjusted basic earnings per share
This is calculated as earnings attributed to shareholders, excluding exceptional items and tax on exceptional items, divided by the weighted average
number of shares. The Directors consider this provides an important measure of the underlying earnings capacity of the Group. Note 10 shows a
reconciliation from basic earnings per share to adjusted basic earnings per share.
Net operating asset turn
This is defined as revenue divided by the average of opening and closing net operating assets. The Directors consider this to be a good indicator of how
efficiently the Group is utilising its assets to generate value for shareholders.
                                                                                                                                         2019           2018

Revenue (£m)                                                                                                                         4,341.3        4,082.0
Average net operating assets (£m)                                                                                                    2,706.1        2,633.0
Net operating asset turn                                                                                                                 1.60          1.55

Net cash
Net cash is defined as cash and cash equivalent less total borrowings. This is considered by the Directors to be the best indicator of the financing position
of the Group. This is reconciled in Note 27.
Cash conversion
This is defined as cash generated by operations divided by operating profit. The Directors consider this measure to be a good indication of how efficiently
the Group is turning profit into cash.
                                                                                                                                         2019           2018

Cash generated by operations (£m)                                                                                                      702.2          815.4
Operating profit (£m)                                                                                                                  850.5          880.2
Cash conversion                                                                                                                       82.6%           92.6%

Adjusted gearing
This is defined as adjusted net debt divided by basic net assets. The Directors consider this to be a more representative measure of the Group’s gearing
levels. Adjusted net debt is defined as net cash less land creditors.
                                                                                                                                         2019           2018

Cash (£m) (Note 16)                                                                                                                    630.4          734.2
Private placement loan notes (£m) (Note 17)                                                                                            (84.7)          (90.1)
Net cash (£m)                                                                                                                           545.7          644.1
Land creditors (£m) (Note 18)                                                                                                          (729.2)        (738.6)
Adjusted net debt (£m)                                                                                                                 (183.5)         (94.5)
Basic net assets (£m)                                                                                                                3,307.8        3,226.8
Adjusted gearing                                                                                                                        5.5%           2.9%

33. Post balance sheet events
There were no material subsequent events affecting the Group after 31 December 2019 that need to be disclosed.




182     Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
Company balance sheet

                                                                                                                                                              Strategic report
at 31 December 2019

£ million                                                                                                             Note          2019             2018

Non-current assets
Investments in Group undertakings                                                                                        4      2,426.0       2,418.0
Trade and other receivables                                                                                              5          3.3           3.2
                                                                                                                                2,429.3       2,421.2
Current assets



                                                                                                                                                              Governance
Trade and other receivables                                                                                              5      2,558.2       2,517.1
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                         600.2         703.6
                                                                                                                                3,158.4       3,220.7
Current liabilities
Trade and other payables                                                                                                 6      (1,638.2)     (1,632.0)
                                                                                                                                (1,638.2)     (1,632.0)
Net current assets                                                                                                              1,520.2       1,588.7
Total assets less current liabilities                                                                                           3,949.5       4,009.9
Non-current liabilities




                                                                                                                                                              Financial statements
Trade and other payables                                                                                                 6          (1.4)             (0.6)
Bank and other loans                                                                                                     7         (84.7)           (90.1)
Provisions                                                                                                                          (1.0)             (1.0)
Net assets                                                                                                                      3,862.4       3,918.2


Equity
Share capital                                                                                                           8         288.6         288.5
Share premium                                                                                                           9         762.9         762.9
Own shares                                                                                                             10         (17.6)         (22.7)
Other reserves                                                                                                         11          36.0           36.0
Retained earnings                                                                                                      12       2,792.5       2,853.5
Total equity                                                                                                                    3,862.4       3,918.2

As permitted by Section 408 of the Companies Act 2006, Taylor Wimpey plc has not presented its own income statement. The profit of the Company for
the financial year was £528.6 million (2018: £549.2 million).
The financial statements were approved by the Board of Directors and authorised for issue on 25 February 2020. They were signed on its behalf by:




P Redfern                                               C Carney
Director                                                Director




 www.taylorwimpey.co.uk 183
www.taylorwimpey.co.uk   183
Company statement of changes in equity
for the year to 31 December 2019

                                                                 Share       Share     Own       Other   Retained
£ million                                                       capital   premium    shares   reserves   earnings       Total

Total equity at 1 January 2018                                  288.5      762.9     (21.3)     36.0     2,796.6     3,862.7
Profit for the year                                                  –          –        –          –     549.2       549.2
Total comprehensive income for the year                              –          –        –          –      549.2       549.2
Own shares acquired                                                  –          –     (9.9)         –           –        (9.9)
Utilisation of own shares                                            –          –      8.5          –           –         8.5
Cash cost of satisfying share options                                –          –        –          –        (5.0)       (5.0)
Capital contribution on share-based payments                         –          –        –          –       12.2        12.2
Dividends approved and paid                                          –          –        –          –     (499.5)     (499.5)
Total equity at 31 December 2018                                288.5      762.9     (22.7)     36.0     2,853.5     3,918.2
Profit for the year                                                  –          –        –          –     528.6       528.6
Total comprehensive income for the year                             –           –        –          –      528.6       528.6
New share capital subscribed                                      0.1           –        –          –          –         0.1
Utilisation of own shares                                           –           –      5.1          –          –         5.1
Cash cost of satisfying share options                               –           –        –          –        2.1         2.1
Capital contribution on share-based payments                        –           –        –          –        8.0         8.0
Dividends approved and paid                                         –           –        –          –     (599.7)     (599.7)
Total equity at 31 December 2019                                288.6      762.9     (17.6)     36.0     2,792.5     3,862.4




184         Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
Notes to the Company financial statements

                                                                                                                                                                       Strategic report
for the year to 31 December 2019


1. Significant accounting policies                                               Taxation
The following accounting policies have been used consistently, unless            The tax charge represents the sum of the tax currently payable and
otherwise stated, in dealing with items which are considered material.           deferred tax.
Basis of preparation                                                               Current tax
The Company meets the definition of a qualifying entity under Financial            The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year.
Reporting Standard 101 (FRS 101) issued by the Financial Reporting                 Taxable profit differs from profit before tax because it excludes items of
                                                                                   income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and it


                                                                                                                                                                       Governance
Council. Accordingly, these financial statements were prepared in
accordance with FRS 101 ‘Reduced Disclosure Framework’ as issued by                further excludes items that are never taxable or deductible.
the Financial Reporting Council.                                                   The Company’s liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates that
As permitted by FRS 101, the Company has taken advantage of the                    have been enacted or substantively enacted by the balance sheet date.
disclosure exemptions available under that standard in relation to share-          Any liability or credit in respect of group relief in lieu of current tax is also
based payments, financial instruments, capital management, presentation            calculated using corporation tax rates that have been enacted or
of comparative information in respect of certain assets, presentation of a         substantively enacted by the balance sheet date unless a different rate
cash flow statement, standards not yet effective, impairment of assets and         (including a nil rate) has been agreed within the Group.
related party transactions.
                                                                                   Deferred tax
The principal accounting policies adopted are set out below.                       Deferred tax is provided in full on temporary differences that result in an




                                                                                                                                                                       Financial statements
Going concern                                                                      obligation at the balance sheet date to pay more tax, or a right to pay
                                                                                   less tax, at a future date, at rates expected to apply when they crystallise
The Group has prepared forecasts, including certain sensitivities, taking into     based on current tax rates and law.
account the Principal Risks identified on pages 48 to 52. Having considered
these forecasts, the Directors remain of the view that the Group’s financing       Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is regarded as
arrangements and capital structure provide both the necessary facilities           more likely than not that they will be recovered.
and covenant headroom to enable the Group to conduct its business for at           Deferred tax is measured on a non-discounted basis using the tax rates
least the next 12 months.                                                          and laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the
Accordingly, the Company financial statements have been prepared on a              balance sheet date.
going concern basis.                                                             Foreign currencies
Critical accounting judgements and key sources of                                Transactions denominated in foreign currencies are recorded in Sterling at
estimation uncertainty                                                           actual rates as of the date of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities
Management have not made any individual accounting judgements that are           denominated in foreign currencies at the year end are reported at the rates
material to the Company and does not consider there to be any key                of exchange prevailing at the year end.
sources of estimation uncertainty.                                               Any gain or loss arising from a change in exchange rates after the date of
Investments in Group undertakings                                                the transaction is included as an exchange gain or loss in profit and loss.
Investments are included in the balance sheet at cost less any provision for     Trade and other receivables
impairment. The Company assesses investments for impairment whenever             Trade and other receivables are measured at amortised cost, less any loss
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an        allowance based on expected credit losses. The measurement of expected
investment may not be recoverable. If any such indication of impairment          credit losses is based on the probability of default and the magnitude of the
exists, the Company makes an estimate of the recoverable amount of the           loss if there is a default. The assessment of probability of default is based
investment. If the recoverable amount is less than the value of the              on historical data adjusted for any known factors that would influence the
investment, the investment is considered to be impaired and is written           future amount to be received in relation to the receivable.
down to its recoverable amount. An impairment loss is expensed
                                                                                 Share-based payments
immediately. Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, due to a
change in circumstances or in the estimates used to determine the asset’s        The Company issues equity-settled share-based payments to certain
recoverable amount, the carrying amount of the investment is increased to        employees of its subsidiaries. Equity-settled share-based payments are
the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, so long as it does not           measured at fair value at the grant date. The fair value is expensed on a
exceed the original carrying value prior to the impairment being recognised.     straight-line basis over the vesting period, based on the estimate of shares
                                                                                 that will vest. The cost of equity-settled share-based payments granted to
The Company values its investments in subsidiary holding companies
                                                                                 employees of subsidiary companies is borne by the employing company,
based on a comparison between the net assets recoverable by the
                                                                                 without recharge. As such the Company’s investment in the subsidiary is
subsidiary company and the investment held. Where the net assets are
                                                                                 increased by an equivalent amount.
lower than the investment an impairment is recorded. For trading
subsidiaries, the investment carrying value in the Company is assessed           Own shares
against the net present value of the cash flows of the subsidiary.               The cost of the Company’s investment in its own shares, which comprise
Borrowing costs                                                                  shares held in treasury by the Company and shares held by employee
                                                                                 benefit trusts for the purpose of funding certain of the Company’s share
Capitalised finance costs are held in other receivables and amortised over
                                                                                 option plans, is shown as a reduction in shareholders’ equity.
the period of the facility.
                                                                                 Dividends paid
Provisions
                                                                                 Dividends are charged to the Company’s retained earnings reserve in the
Provisions are recognised at the Directors’ best estimate when the
                                                                                 period of payment in respect of an interim dividend, and in the period in
Company has a present obligation as a result of a past event and it is
                                                                                 which shareholders’ approval is obtained in respect of the Company’s
probable that the Company will have to settle the obligation.
                                                                                 final dividend.




 www.taylorwimpey.co.uk 185
www.taylorwimpey.co.uk   185
Notes to the Company financial statements continued




2. Particulars of employees
Number                                                                                                                                    2019             2018

Directors                                                                                                                                   4                 4

The Executive Directors received all of their remuneration, as disclosed in the Remuneration Report on pages 106 to 131 from Taylor Wimpey UK Limited.
This remuneration is reflective of the Directors’ service to the Company and all its subsidiaries.

3. Auditor’s remuneration
£ million                                                                                                                                 2019             2018

Total audit fees                                                                                                                          0.2               0.2
Non-audit fees                                                                                                                              –                 –
Total                                                                                                                                     0.2               0.2

A description of other services is included in Note 6 of the Group financial statements.

4. Investments in Group undertakings
£ million                                                                                                                                                 Shares

Cost
At 1 January 2019                                                                                                                                      5,292.2
Capital contribution relating to share-based payments                                                                                                      8.0
Disposal                                                                                                                                                 (62.9)
At 31 December 2019                                                                                                                                    5,237.3
Provision for impairment
At 1 January 2019                                                                                                                                      (2,874.2)
Disposal                                                                                                                                                   62.9
At 31 December 2019                                                                                                                                    (2,811.3)


Carrying amount
At 31 December 2019                                                                                                                                    2,426.0
At 31 December 2018                                                                                                                                    2,418.0

All investments are unlisted and information about all subsidiaries is listed on pages 189 to 190. The disposal in the year relates to a dormant legacy
subsidiary that has been dissolved.

5. Trade and other receivables
                                                                                                              Current                    Non-current
£ million                                                                                                   2019           2018           2019             2018

Due from Group undertakings                                                                             2,556.3         2,514.6             –                 –
Other receivables                                                                                           1.9             2.5           3.3               3.2
                                                                                                        2,558.2         2,517.1           3.3               3.2

Amounts due from Group undertakings are repayable on demand and are predominantly interest bearing.

6. Trade and other payables
                                                                                                              Current                    Non-current
£ million                                                                                                   2019           2018           2019             2018

Due to Group undertakings                                                                               1,634.6         1,625.9             –                 –
Other payables                                                                                              1.1             1.2           1.4               0.6
Corporation tax creditor                                                                                    2.5             4.9             –                 –
                                                                                                        1,638.2         1,632.0           1.4               0.6

Amounts due to Group undertakings are repayable on demand and are predominantly interest bearing.




186         Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
7. Bank and other loans                                                                                                                                          Strategic report
£ million                                                                                                                                 2019            2018

€100.0 million 2.02% Senior Loan Notes                                                                                                   84.7             90.1
These loans are repayable as follows:
Amounts due for settlement after one year                                                                                                84.7             90.1

8. Share capital


                                                                                                                                                                 Governance
£ million                                                                                                                                 2019            2018

Authorised:
22,200,819,176 (2018: 22,200,819,176) ordinary shares of 1p each                                                                        222.0         222.0
1,158,299,201 (2018: 1,158,299,201) deferred ordinary shares of 24p each                                                                278.0         278.0
                                                                                                                                        500.0         500.0

                                                                                                                               Number of shares      £ million

Issued and fully paid:
31 December 2018                                                                                                              3,278,054,763           288.5




                                                                                                                                                                 Financial statements
Ordinary shares issued in the year                                                                                                5,053,411             0.1
31 December 2019                                                                                                              3,283,108,174           288.6

During the year, the Company issued an additional 5.1 million (2018: 2.6 million) ordinary shares to satisfy option exercises. The Company also has in
issue 1,065.6 million deferred ordinary shares (2018: 1,065.6 million), the shares were issued in 2009 and carry no voting rights.
During the year, options were exercised over 8,421,378 ordinary shares (2018: 8,242,974) which were met from new issues of share capital and from the
holding of shares in the Employee Share Ownership Trusts (ESOTs). Under the Group’s performance share plan, employees held conditional awards at
31 December 2019 in respect of up to 19,466,040 shares, subject to achievement of performance tests (2018: 18,601,569) at nil pence per share
nominally exercisable up to September 2022.
Under the Group’s savings-related share option schemes, employees held options at 31 December 2019 to purchase 19,740,433 shares (2018: 19,229,800)
at prices between 90.0 pence and 159.1 pence per share exercisable up to June 2025. Under the Group’s share incentive plan, employees held conditional
awards at 31 December 2019 in respect of 5,789,856 shares (2018: 5,386,991) at nil pence per share.

9. Share premium
£ million                                                                                                                                 2019            2018

At 1 January and 31 December                                                                                                            762.9         762.9

10. Own shares
£ million                                                                                                                                 2019            2018

Own shares                                                                                                                               17.6             22.7

These comprise ordinary shares of the Company:                                                                                         Number        Number

Shares held in trust for bonus, options and performance award plans                                                                    10.7m         13.9m

During the year, the Company did not purchase any of its own shares to be held in the ESOTs (2018: £9.9 million). The market value of the shares held at
31 December 2019 was £20.8 million (2018: £19.0 million) and their nominal value was £0.1 million (2018: £0.1 million). Dividends on these shares have
been waived except for a nominal aggregate amount in pence.
ESOTs are used to hold the Company’s shares which have been acquired on the market. These shares are used to meet the valid exercise of options
and/or vesting of conditional awards and/or award of shares under the Executive Incentive Scheme, Bonus Deferral Plan, Performance Share Plan,
Savings-Related Share Option Scheme and the matching award of shares under the Share Incentive Plan.
The ESOTs’ entire holding of shares at 31 December 2019 was covered by outstanding options and conditional awards over shares at that date.

11. Other reserves
£ million                                                                                                                                 2019            2018

At 31 December                                                                                                                           36.0             36.0

Other reserves include £31.5 million (2018: £31.5 million) in respect of the historical redemption of the Company’s shares, which is non distributable.




 www.taylorwimpey.co.uk 187
www.taylorwimpey.co.uk   187
Notes to the Company financial statements continued




12. Retained earnings
Retained earnings of £2,792.5 million (2018: £2,853.5 million) includes profit for the year and dividends received from subsidiaries of £500.0 million
(2018: £500.0 million). Included in retained earnings is £816.5 million (2018: £718.5 million) which is not distributable.

13. Share-based payments
The Company has taken advantage of the FRS 101 disclosure exemption in relation to share-based payments. Details of share awards granted by the
Company to employees of subsidiaries, and that remain outstanding at the year end over the Company’s shares, are set out in Note 29 of the Group
financial statements. The Company did not recognise any expense related to equity-settled share-based payment transactions in the current or
preceding year.

14. Contingent liabilities
The Company has, in the normal course of business, given guarantees and entered into counter-indemnities in respect of bonds relating to the Group’s
own contracts.
Provision is made for the Directors’ best estimate of known legal claims and legal actions in progress. The Group takes legal advice as to the likelihood of
success of claims and actions and no provision is made where the Directors consider, based on that advice, that the action is unlikely to succeed.
The Company has in issue a guarantee in respect of the Taylor Wimpey Pension Scheme (TWPS), which had an IAS 19 deficit of £84.5 million at
31 December 2019 (2018: £133.0 million). The guarantee commits the Company to ensure that the participating subsidiaries make deficit repair
contributions in accordance with a schedule agreed with the Trustee of £40.0 million per annum, to the end of 2020, whilst the scheme is in a Technical
Provisions deficit. Once the TWPS is fully funded, these cash contributions would be suspended until such time that the TWPS’ Technical Provisions
funding levels falls to below 96%. In addition, £5.1 million per annum from the Pension Funding Partnership and £2.0 million per annum to cover scheme
expenses is due.

15. Dividend
£ million                                                                                                                                 2019            2018

Proposed
Interim dividend 2019: 3.84p (2018: 2.44p) per ordinary share of 1p each                                                                125.6             79.7
Final dividend 2019: 3.80p (2018: 3.80p) per ordinary share of 1p each                                                                  125.0            125.0
                                                                                                                                        250.6            204.7
Amounts recognised as distributions to equity holders
Paid
Final dividend 2018: 3.80p (2017: 2.44p) per ordinary share of 1p each                                                                  124.2             79.8
Interim dividend 2019: 3.84p (2018: 2.44p) per ordinary share of 1p each                                                                125.6             79.7
Special dividend 2019: 10.70p (2018: 10.40p) per ordinary share of 1p each                                                              349.9            340.0
                                                                                                                                        599.7            499.5

The Directors recommend a final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2019 of 3.80 pence per share (2018: 3.80 pence per share) subject to
shareholder approval at the Annual General Meeting, with an equivalent final dividend charge of c.£125.0 million (2018: £124.2 million). The final dividend
will be paid on 15 May 2020 to all shareholders registered at the close of business on 3 April 2020.
The Directors additionally recommend a special dividend of c.£360.0 million (2018: paid £349.9 million) subject to shareholder approval at the Annual
General Meeting. The special dividend will be paid on 10 July 2020 to all shareholders registered at the close of business on 5 June 2020.
In accordance with IAS 10 ‘Events after the balance sheet date’ the proposed final or special dividends have not been accrued as a liability at
31 December 2019.




188         Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
Particulars of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures

The entities listed below are companies incorporated in the United Kingdom and the registered office is Gate House, Turnpike Road, High Wycombe,             Strategic report
Buckinghamshire, HP12 3NR. All of the below are 100% subsidiaries of the Group, either directly or indirectly held by Taylor Wimpey plc, and only have
ordinary share capital.

Admiral Developments Limited                        Hamme Construction Limited                          Taylor Wimpey 2007 Limited
Admiral Homes (Eastern) Limited                     Hanger Lane Holdings Limited                        Taylor Wimpey Capital Developments Limited
Admiral Homes Limited                               Hassall Homes (Cheshire) Limited                    Taylor Wimpey Commercial Properties Limited


                                                                                                                                                             Governance
Ashton Park Limited                                 Hassall Homes (Mercia) Limited                      Taylor Wimpey Developments Limited
BGS (Pentian Green) Holdings Limited                Hassall Homes (Southern) Limited                    Taylor Wimpey Garage Nominees No 1 Limited
Broadleaf Park LLP                                  Hassall Homes (Wessex) Limited                      Taylor Wimpey Garage Nominees No 2 Limited
Bryad Developments Limited                          Haverhilll Developments Limited                     Taylor Wimpey Holdings Limited
Bryant Country Homes Limited                        Jim 1 Limited                                       Taylor Wimpey International Limited
Bryant Group Services Limited                       Jim 3 Limited                                       Taylor Wimpey Property Company Limited
Bryant Homes Central Limited                        Jim 4 Limited                                       Taylor Wimpey Property Management Limited
Bryant Homes East Midlands Limited                  Jim 5 Limited                                       Taylor Wimpey SH Capital Limited
Bryant Homes Limited                                L. & A. Freeman Limited                             Taylor Wimpey UK Limited




                                                                                                                                                             Financial statements
Bryant Homes North East Limited                     Laing Homes Limited                                 Thameswey Homes Limited
Bryant Homes Northern Limited                       Laing Land Limited                                  The Garden Village Partnership Limited
Bryant Homes South West Limited                     LandTrust Developments Limited                      The Wilson Connolly Employee Benefit Trust Limited
Bryant Homes Southern Limited                       Leawood (Management) Company Limited                This is G2 Limited
Bryant Properties Limited                           Limebrook Manor LLP                                 Thomas Lowe and Sons, Limited
Candlemakers (TW) Limited                           MCA Developments Limited                            Thomas Lowe Homes Limited
Clipper Investments Limited                         MCA East Limited                                    TW NCA Limited
Compine Developments (Wootton) Limited              MCA Holdings Limited                                TW Springboard Limited
Dormant Nominees One Limited                        MCA Land Limited                                    Twyman Regent Limited
Dormant Nominees Two Limited                        MCA Leicester Limited                               Valley Park Developments Limited
Farrods Water Engineers Limited                     MCA London Limited                                  Whelmar (Chester) Limited
Flyover House Limited                               MCA Northumbria Limited                             Whelmar (Lancashire) Limited
George Wimpey Limited                               MCA Partnership Housing Limited                     Whelmar (North Wales) Limited
George Wimpey Bristol Limited                       MCA South West Limited                              Whelmar Developments Limited
George Wimpey City Limited                          MCA West Midlands Limited                           Wilcon Homes Anglia Limited
George Wimpey City 2 Limited                        MCA Yorkshire Limited                               Wilcon Homes Eastern Limited
George Wimpey East Anglia Limited                   McLean Homes Limited                                Wilcon Homes Midlands Limited
George Wimpey East London Limited                   McLean Homes Bristol & West Limited                 Wilcon Homes Northern Limited
George Wimpey East Midlands Limited                 McLean Homes Southern Limited                       Wilcon Homes Southern Limited
George Wimpey Manchester Limited                    McLean TW Estates Limited                           Wilcon Homes Western Limited
George Wimpey Midland Limited                       McLean TW (Chester) Limited                         Wilcon Lifestyle Homes Limited
George Wimpey North East Limited                    McLean TW (Northern) Limited                        Wilfrid Homes Limited
George Wimpey North London Limited                  McLean TW (Southern) Limited                        Wilson Connolly Holdings Limited
George Wimpey North Midlands Limited                McLean TW (Yorkshire) Limited                       Wilson Connolly Investments Limited
George Wimpey North West Limited                    McLean TW Group Limited                             Wilson Connolly Limited
George Wimpey North Yorkshire Limited               McLean TW Holdings Limited                          Wilson Connolly Properties Limited
George Wimpey South East Limited                    McLean TW Limited                                   Wilson Connolly Quest Limited
George Wimpey South Midlands Limited                McLean TW No. 2 Limited                             Wimgrove Developments Limited
George Wimpey South West Limited                    Melbourne Investments Limited                       Wimgrove Property Trading Limited
George Wimpey South Yorkshire Limited               Pangbourne Developments Limited                     Wimpey Construction Developments Limited
George Wimpey Southern Counties Limited             Prestoplan Limited                                  Wimpey Construction Iran Limited
George Wimpey West London Limited                   River Farm Developments Limited                     Wimpey Corporate Services Limited
George Wimpey West Midlands Limited                 South Bristol (Ashton Park) Limited                 Wimpey Dormant Investments Limited
George Wimpey West Yorkshire Limited                Spinks & Denning Limited                            Wimpey Geotech Limited
Globe Road Limited                                  St. Katharine By The Tower Limited                  Wimpey Group Services Limited
Grand Union Vision Limited                          St. Katharine Haven Limited                         Wimpey Gulf Holdings Limited
Groveside Homes Limited                             Tawnywood Developments Limited                      Wimpey Overseas Holdings Limited




 www.taylorwimpey.co.uk 189
www.taylorwimpey.co.uk   189
Particulars of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures continued




The entities listed below are companies incorporated in the United Kingdom and the registered office is Gate House, Turnpike Road,
High Wycombe, Buckinghamshire, HP12 3NR.
Company Name                                                                   % Owned        Company Name                                                     % Owned

Academy Central LLP                                                               62%         Taylor Wimpey Pension Trustees Limited                                99%
Bordon Developments Holding Limited                                               50%         Triumphdeal Limited                                                   50%
Chobham Manor LLP                                                                 50%         TW Cavendish Holdings Limited                                         50%
Chobham Manor Property Management Limited                                         50%         Vumpine Limited                                                       50%
Falcon Wharf Limited                                                              50%         Weaver Developments (Woodfield Plantation) Limited                    50%
Gallagher Bathgate Limited                                                        50%         Whitehill & Bordon Regeneration Company Limited                       50%
GN Tower Limited                                                                  50%         Whitehill & Bordon Development Company phase 1a Limited               50%
GW City Ventures Limited                                                          50%         Wimpey Laing Iran Limited                                             50%
GWNW City Developments Limited                                                    50%         Wimpey Laing Limited                                                  50%
Paycause Limited                                                               66.67%         Winstanley & York Road Regeneration LLP                               50%
Phoenix Birmingham Latitude Limited                                               50%

The entities listed below are companies incorporated in the United Kingdom and the registered office is Unit C, Ground Floor, Cirrus Glasgow Airport
Business Park, Marchburn Drive, Abbotsinch, Paisley, PA3 2SJ.
Company Name                                                                   % Owned        Company Name                                                     % Owned

Bryant Homes Scotland Limited                                                    100%         Taylor Wimpey (General Partner) Limited                               100%
George Wimpey East Scotland Limited                                              100%         Taylor Wimpey (Initial LP) Limited                                    100%
George Wimpey West Scotland Limited                                              100%         Taylor Wimpey Scottish Limited Partnership                            100%
London and Clydeside Estates Limited                                             100%         Whatco England Limited                                                100%
London and Clydeside Holdings Limited                                            100%         Wilcon Homes Scotland Limited                                         100%
Strada Developments Limited                                                       50%

Other entities incorporated in the United Kingdom, unless otherwise stated, and the Group’s ownership share are shown below.
Company Name                                                             % Owned         Registered Office

Bishops Park Limited                                                         50%         The Manor House, North Ash Road, New Ash Green, DA3 8HQ
Bishop’s Stortford North Consortium Limited                              33.33%          St. Bride’s House, 10 Salisbury Square, London, EC4Y 8EH
Bromley Park (Holdings) Limited                                              50%         Kent House, 14-17 Market Place, London, W1W 8AJ
Bromley Park Limited
Capital Court Property Management Limited                                17.17%          4 Capital Court, Bittern Road, Sowton Industrial Estate, Exeter, EX2 7FW
Countryside 27 Limited                                                       50%         Countryside House, The Drive, Great Warley, Brentwood, CM13 3AT
DFE TW Residential Limited                                                   50%         7 Whiteladies Road, Clifton, Bristol, BS8 1NN
Emersons Green Urban Village Limited                                     54.44%          135 Aztec West, Almondsbury, Bristol, Avon, BS32 4UB
Greenwich Millennium Village Limited                                         50%         Countryside House, The Drive, Great Warley, Brentwood, CM13 3AT
Haydon Development Company Limited                                       19.27%          6 Drakes Meadow, Penny Lane, Swindon, SN3 3LL
Los Arqueros Golf and Country Club S.A.                                      75%         Carretera de Ronda A-397, Km.44.5, Benahavis, Malaga, Spain
Morrison Land Development Inc                                              100%          9366, 49 St NW, Edmonton, AB T6B 2L7, Canada
Newcastle Great Park (Estates) Limited                                       50%         3rd Floor Citygate, St. James' Boulevard, Newcastle upon Tyne, NE1 4JE
NGP Management Company (Cell F) Limited
NGP Management Company (Commercial) Limited
NGP Management Company (Town Centre) Limited
NGP Management Company Residential (Cell G) Limited
North Swindon Development Company Limited                                16.79%          6 Drakes Meadow, Penny Lane, Swindon, SN3 3LL
Padyear Limited                                                              50%         Hanson House, 14 Castle Hill, Maidenhead, SL6 4JJ
Quedgeley Urban Village Limited                                              50%         135 Aztec West, Almondsbury, Bristol, BS32 4UB
Redhill Park Limited                                                         50%         5 Market Yard Mews, 194 – 204 Bermondsey Street, London SE1 3TQ
St George Little Britain (No.1) Limited                                      50%         Berkeley House, 19 Portsmouth Road, Cobham, KT11 1JG
St George Little Britain (No.2) Limited
Taylor Wimpey de España S.A.U.*                                            100%          C/Aragón 223-223 A, 07008 Palma de Mallorca, Spain
Taylor Woodrow (Gibraltar) Limited                                         100%          17 Bayside Road, Gibraltar
* 9% cumulative, redeemable preference shares are held in addition to ordinary shares.




190      Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
Five year review

                                                                                                                                                     Strategic report
£ million                                                                               2019          2018         2017         2016         2015

Revenue                                                                             4,341.3       4,082.0      3,965.2      3,676.2      3,139.8
Profit on ordinary activities before finance costs and tax                            856.8         828.8        706.5        766.4        635.7
Adjust for: Share of results of joint ventures                                          8.0           5.3          7.6          1.2          4.9
Adjust for: Exceptional items                                                         (14.3)         46.1        130.0          0.5          0.6
Operating profit                                                                      850.5         880.2        844.1        768.1        641.2



                                                                                                                                                     Governance
Net finance costs                                                                     (28.9)         (23.4)       (32.1)       (34.7)       (37.4)
Profit for the financial year before taxation and exceptional items                   821.6         856.8        812.0        733.4        603.8
Exceptional items                                                                      14.3          (46.1)      (130.0)        (0.5)        (0.6)
Taxation charge including taxation on exceptional items                              (162.0)       (154.1)       (126.7)     (143.6)      (113.4)
Profit for the financial year                                                         673.9         656.6        555.3        589.3        489.8
Balance sheet
Intangible assets                                                                       7.0           3.2           3.9         3.5          2.7
Property, plant and equipment                                                          25.6          21.6          22.8        21.0         20.0
Right-of-use assets                                                                    27.4          27.1             –           –            –




                                                                                                                                                     Financial statements
Interests in joint ventures                                                            55.3          48.3          50.9        50.3         27.1
Non-current trade and other receivables                                                43.7          55.7          60.1        87.2         95.4
Non-current assets (excluding tax)                                                    159.0         155.9        137.7        162.0        145.2
Inventories                                                                         4,196.0       4,188.2      4,075.7      3,984.0      3,891.2
Other current assets (excluding tax and cash)                                         161.0         134.7        122.2          91.4       114.0
Trade and other payables excluding land creditors                                    (634.9)       (684.8)      (705.0)      (721.8)      (750.7)
Land creditors                                                                       (339.9)       (359.5)      (319.5)      (266.3)      (342.7)
Lease liabilities                                                                       (7.6)          (8.2)          –            –            –
Provisions                                                                            (72.7)         (76.9)       (87.3)       (28.0)       (31.1)
Net current assets (excluding tax and cash)                                         3,301.9       3,193.5      3,086.1      3,059.3      2,880.7
Trade and other payables excluding land creditors                                    (110.4)       (112.2)       (111.0)     (109.0)      (114.9)
Land creditors                                                                       (389.3)       (379.1)       (319.6)     (333.5)      (287.1)
Retirement benefit obligations                                                        (85.0)       (133.6)         (64.8)    (234.1)      (178.4)
Lease liabilities                                                                     (20.3)         (19.2)            –           –            –
Provisions                                                                            (55.7)         (93.4)        (74.3)       (5.1)        (2.9)
Non-current liabilities (excluding debt)                                             (660.7)       (737.5)       (569.7)     (681.7)      (583.3)
Cash and cash equivalents                                                             630.4         734.2        600.5        450.2        323.3
Bank and other loans                                                                  (84.7)         (90.1)       (88.7)       (85.5)     (100.0)
Taxation balances                                                                     (38.1)         (29.2)       (28.6)         (4.0)      57.4
Basic net assets                                                                    3,307.8       3,226.8      3,137.3      2,900.3      2,723.3


Statistics
Basic earnings per share                                                              20.6p         20.1p        17.0p        18.1p        15.1p
Adjusted basic earnings per share                                                     20.3p         21.3p        20.2p        18.1p        14.9p
Tangible net assets per share                                                       100.5p          98.3p        95.7p        88.6p        83.5p
Dividends paid (pence per share)                                                      18.34         15.28        13.79        10.91         9.49
Number of ordinary shares in issue at the year end (millions)                       3,283.1       3,278.1      3,275.4      3,270.3      3,258.6
UK short term landbank (plots)                                                      75,612        75,995       74,849        76,234       75,710
UK average selling price (£’000)                                                        269           264          264          255          230
UK completions (homes including JVs)                                                15,719        14,933       14,541       13,881        13,341

The results for 2016 and 2015 shown above include unaudited adjustments for the adoption of IFRS 9 and IFRS 15 in 2018.




 www.taylorwimpey.co.uk 191
www.taylorwimpey.co.uk   191
Notice of Annual General Meeting




Notice of Annual General Meeting                                                    b. comprising equity securities (as defined in the Companies Act
This notice of meeting is important and requires your immediate attention.             2006) up to a nominal amount of £21,891,515 (such amount to be
If you are in any doubt as to the action you should take, you are recommended          reduced by any allotments or grants made under paragraph a
to seek your own financial advice immediately from a stockbroker, solicitor,           above) in connection with an offer by way of a rights issue:
bank manager, accountant, or other independent financial adviser                       i. to ordinary shareholders in proportion (as nearly as may be
authorised under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000.                               practicable) to their existing holdings; and
                                                                                       ii. to holders of other equity securities as required by the rights of
If you have sold or otherwise transferred all of your shares in Taylor
                                                                                            those securities or as the Board otherwise considers necessary,
Wimpey plc (the Company), please pass this document together with the
accompanying documents to the purchaser or transferee, or to the person                and so the Board may impose any limits or restrictions and make
who arranged the sale or transfer so they can pass these documents to                  any arrangements which it considers necessary or appropriate to
the person who now holds the shares. If you have sold or transferred part              deal with treasury shares, fractional entitlements, record dates,
only of your holding of shares in the Company, please consult the person               legal, regulatory or practical problems in, or under the laws of, any
who arranged the sale or transfer.                                                     territory or any other matter, such authorities to apply until the end
                                                                                       of the next Annual General Meeting of the Company (or, if earlier,
Notice is hereby given of the eighty fifth Annual General Meeting of the               until the close of business on 22 July 2021) but, in each case, so
Company to be held on 23 April 2020 at 11:00am at The British Medical                  that the Company may make offers and enter into agreements
Association, BMA House, Tavistock Square, London, WC1H 9JP for the                     during this period which would, or might, require shares to be
following purposes:                                                                    allotted or rights to subscribe for or convert securities into shares
                                                                                       to be granted after the authority ends; and the Board may allot
Ordinary business                                                                      shares or grant rights to subscribe for or convert securities into
                                                                                       shares under any such offer or agreement as if the authority had
Ordinary resolutions:
                                                                                       not ended.
1. To receive the Directors’ report, Strategic report, Remuneration
    Committee report, Independent auditor’s report and Financial                Special resolutions:
    statements for the year ended 31 December 2019.                             16. That if resolution 15 is passed, the Board be given power to allot equity
2. To declare due and payable on 15 May 2020 a final dividend of                    securities (as defined in the Companies Act 2006) for cash under the
    3.80 pence per ordinary share of the Company for the year ended                 authority given by that resolution and / or to sell ordinary shares held
    31 December 2019 to shareholders on the register at close of                    by the Company as treasury shares for cash as if Section 561 of the
    business on 3 April 2020.                                                       Companies Act 2006 did not apply to any such allotment or sale, such
3. To declare due and payable on 10 July 2020 a special dividend                    power to be limited:
    of 10.99 pence per ordinary share of the Company to shareholders                a. to the allotment of equity securities and sale of treasury shares in
    on the register at close of business on 5 June 2020.                                connection with an offer of, or invitation to apply for, equity
4. To elect as a Director, Irene Dorner.                                                securities (but in the case of the authority granted under paragraph
5. To re-elect as a Director, Pete Redfern.                                             b of resolution 15, by way of a rights issue only):
6. To re-elect as a Director, Chris Carney.                                             i. to ordinary shareholders in proportion (as nearly as practicable)
7. To re-elect as a Director, Jennie Daly.                                                   to their existing holdings; and
8. To re-elect as a Director, Kate Barker DBE.                                          ii. to holders of other equity securities, as required by the rights of
9. To re-elect as a Director, Gwyn Burr.                                                     those securities, or as the Board otherwise considers necessary,
10. To re-elect as a Director, Angela Knight CBE.                                       and so that the Board may impose any limits or restrictions and
                                                                                        make any arrangements which it considers necessary or
11. To elect as a Director, Robert Noel.
                                                                                        appropriate to deal with treasury shares, fractional entitlements,
12. To re-elect as a Director, Humphrey Singer.                                         record dates, legal, regulatory or practical problems in, or under
13. To re-appoint Deloitte LLP as auditor of the Company, to hold office                the laws of, any territory or any other matters; and
    until the conclusion of the next general meeting at which accounts are
    laid before the Company.                                                        b. in the case of the authority granted under paragraph a of resolution
                                                                                        15 and / or in the case of any sale of treasury shares, to the
14. Subject to the passing of resolution 13, to authorise the Audit
                                                                                        allotment of equity securities or sale of treasury shares (otherwise
    Committee to determine the remuneration of the auditor on behalf of
                                                                                        than under paragraph a above) up to a nominal amount of
    the Board.
                                                                                        £1,641,863.
15. That the Board be generally and unconditionally authorised to allot
                                                                                    Such power to apply until the end of the next Annual General Meeting of
    shares in the Company and to grant rights to subscribe for or convert
                                                                                    the Company (or, if earlier, until the close of business on 22 July 2021)
    any security into shares in the Company:
                                                                                    but, in each case, during this period the Company may make offers,
    a. up to a nominal amount of £10,945,757 (such amount to be                     and enter into agreements, which would, or might, require equity
         reduced by any allotments or grants made under paragraph b                 securities to be allotted (and treasury shares to be sold) after the power
         below, in excess of £10,945,757); and                                      ends and the Board may allot equity securities (and sell treasury shares)
                                                                                    under any such offer or agreement as if the power had not ended.




192     Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
                                                                                                                                                                      Strategic report
17. That if resolution 15 is passed, the Board be given the power in               Special business
    addition to any power granted under resolution 16 to allot equity
    securities (as defined in the Companies Act 2006) for cash under the           Ordinary resolutions:
    authority granted under paragraph a of resolution 15 and / or to sell          19. That the Directors’ Remuneration report for the year ended
    ordinary shares held by the Company as treasury shares for cash as if              31 December 2019, as set out on pages 106 to 131 of the Annual Report
    Section 561 of the Companies Act 2006 did not apply to any such                    and Accounts for the financial year ended 31 December 2019, be
    allotment or sale, such power to be:                                               approved in accordance with Section 439 of the Companies Act 2006.
    a. limited to the allotment of equity securities or sale of treasury           20. That the Directors’ Remuneration Policy, the full text of which is set


                                                                                                                                                                      Governance
         shares up to a nominal amount of £1,641,863; and                              out on pages 115 to 117 of the Annual Report and Accounts for the
    b. used only for the purposes of financing a transaction which the                 financial year ended 31 December 2019, be approved in accordance
         Board determines to be an acquisition or other capital investment             with Section 439A of the Companies Act 2006, to take effect from the
         of a kind contemplated by the Statement of Principles on                      date of this Annual General Meeting.
         Disapplying Pre-Emption Rights most recently published by the             21. That in accordance with Sections 366 and 367 of the Companies Act
         Pre-Emption Group prior to the date of this Notice or for the                 2006, the Company and all companies which are its subsidiaries when
         purposes of refinancing such a transaction within six months of its           this resolution is passed are authorised to:
         taking place.                                                                 a. make political donations to political parties and / or independent
    Such power to apply until the end of the next Annual General Meeting                    election candidates not exceeding £250,000 in aggregate;
    of the Company (or, if earlier, until the close of business on 22 July 2021)       b. make political donations to political organisations other than
    but, in each case, during this period the Company may make offers,                      political parties not exceeding £250,000 in aggregate; and
    and enter into agreements, which would, or might, require equity                   c. incur political expenditure not exceeding £250,000 in aggregate,
    securities to be allotted (and treasury shares to be sold) after the power              during the period beginning with the date of passing this resolution
    ends and the Board may allot equity securities (and sell treasury shares)               and the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting of the
    under any such offer or agreement as if the power had not ended.                        Company.
18. That the Company be authorised for the purposes of Section 701 of the              For the purposes of this resolution the terms ‘political donations’,
    Companies Act 2006 to make market purchases (within the meaning                    ‘political parties’, ‘independent election candidates’, ‘political
    of Section 693(4) of the Companies Act 2006) of the ordinary shares                organisations’ and ‘political expenditure’ have the meanings given
    of 1 pence each of the Company (ordinary shares), provided that:                   by Sections 363 to 365 of the Companies Act 2006.
    a. the maximum number of ordinary shares hereby authorised to be
                                                                                   Special resolution:




                                                                                                                                                                      Shareholder information
        purchased shall be 328,372,733;
    b. the minimum price (exclusive of expenses) which may be paid for             22. That a general meeting other than an Annual General Meeting
        ordinary shares is 1 pence per ordinary share;                                 of the Company may continue to be called on not less than
                                                                                       14 clear days’ notice.
    c. the maximum price (exclusive of expenses) which may be paid for
        an ordinary share is the highest of:                                       Explanatory notes relating to each of the above resolutions are set out
                                                                                   on pages 196 to 198.
        i. an amount equal to 105% of the average of the middle market
             quotations for an ordinary share (as derived from the London          Action to be taken
             Stock Exchange Daily Official List) for the five business days
                                                                                   If you wish to attend and vote at the Annual General Meeting in person,
             immediately preceding the date on which such ordinary share
                                                                                   please bring with you the attendance card or notice of availability letter.
             is purchased; and
                                                                                   It will help to authenticate your right to attend, speak and vote, and will help
        ii. the higher of the price of the last independent trade and the          us to register your attendance without delay. Registration will be available
             highest independent bid on the trading venues where the               from 9:30am on the day of the Meeting. For the safety and comfort of
             purchase is carried out;                                              those attending the Meeting, large bags, cameras, recording equipment
    d. the authority hereby conferred shall expire at the earlier of the           and similar items will not be allowed into the building and in the interests of
        conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting of the Company               security, by attending the Meeting, upon request, you hereby agree to be
        and 22 October 2021 unless such authority is renewed prior to              searched together with any bags and other possessions. The Meeting will
        such time; and                                                             commence at 11:00am and light refreshments will be available from
    e. the Company may make contracts to purchase ordinary shares                  9:30am and also after the conclusion of the Meeting. There is wheelchair
        under the authority hereby conferred prior to the expiry of such           access to the venue for shareholders who require it or those with reduced
        authority which will or may be executed wholly or partly after the         mobility. However, where required, attendees are strongly advised to bring
        expiry of such authority, and may purchase ordinary shares in              their own carers to assist with their general mobility around the venue.
        pursuance of any such contracts, as if the authority conferred by          An induction loop system operates in the meeting room. Directions to the
        this resolution had not expired.                                           venue can be found on the reverse of your attendance card.
                                                                                   If you would like to vote on the resolutions but cannot come to the Annual
                                                                                   General Meeting, please register your vote online at www.signalshares.com
                                                                                   or return your proxy form to our registrar as soon as possible. In order for it
                                                                                   to count, the registrar must receive your vote no later than 11:00am on
                                                                                   21 April 2020. If you are a CREST member, register your vote through the
                                                                                   CREST system by completing and transmitting a CREST proxy instruction
                                                                                   as described in the procedural notes below.




www.taylorwimpey.co.uk                                                                                                                                        193
Notice of Annual General Meeting continued




Recommendation                                                                Procedural notes
Your Directors are of the opinion that the resolutions to be proposed         1. To be entitled to attend and vote at the Annual General Meeting (and
at the Annual General Meeting are in the best interests of the Company           for the purpose of the determination by the Company of the votes
and its shareholders as a whole and recommend you to vote in favour of           which shareholders may cast), shareholders must be registered in the
them. Each Director will be doing so in respect of all of his or her own         Register of Members of the Company by 6:00pm on 21 April 2020 (or,
beneficial shareholding.                                                         in the event of any adjournment, on the date which is two days before
                                                                                 the time of the adjourned meeting). Shareholders then on the Register
Inspection of documents                                                          of Members shall be entitled to attend and vote at the Annual General
The documents listed below will be available for inspection at the               Meeting in respect of the number of shares registered in their name at
Company’s registered office, Gate House, Turnpike Road, High Wycombe,            that time. Changes to entries on the Register of Members after that
Buckinghamshire, HP12 3NR during normal business hours from the date             deadline shall be disregarded in determining the rights of any person to
of this Notice of Annual General Meeting until the date of the Annual            attend and vote at the Annual General Meeting.
General Meeting. They will also be available at The British Medical           2. As at 28 February 2020 (being the latest practicable date prior to the
Association, BMA House, Tavistock Square, London, WC1H 9JP from                  publication of this notice) the Company’s issued share capital
15 minutes before the Annual General Meeting until the Meeting ends.             consisted of 3,283,727,332 ordinary shares, carrying one vote each.
–– Copies of the Executive Directors’ service contracts.                         Therefore, the total voting rights in the Company as at 28 February 2020
–– Copies of the letters of appointment of the Chair of the Board and the        were 3,283,727,332.
   Independent Non Executive Directors.                                       3. If you are a shareholder of the Company at the time and date set out in
–– A copy of the full Annual Report and Financial Statements of the Company      Note 1 above, you are entitled to appoint a proxy to exercise all or any
   for the year ended 31 December 2019, including the Directors’                 of your rights to attend and to speak and vote on your behalf at the
   Remuneration report referred to in resolution 19. This document is also       Meeting. Shareholders may appoint more than one proxy in relation to
   available on our website at www.taylorwimpey.co.uk/corporate.                 the Annual General Meeting provided that each proxy is appointed to
                                                                                 exercise the rights attached to a different share or shares held by that
By Order of the Board                                                            shareholder. A proxy need not be a shareholder of the Company but
                                                                                 must attend the Annual General Meeting to represent you. In the case
                                                                                 of joint holders, where more than one of the joint holders purports to
                                                                                 appoint a proxy, only the appointment submitted by the most senior
                                                                                 holder will be accepted. Seniority is determined by the order in which
Alice Marsden                                                                    the names of the joint holders appear in the Company’s Register of
Group General Counsel and Company Secretary                                      Members in respect of the joint holdings (the first-named being the
                                                                                 most senior).
Taylor Wimpey plc                                                             4. To be valid, any proxy appointment must be received by Link Asset
Registered Office:                                                               Services at PXS 1, 34 Beckenham Road, Beckenham, Kent, BR3 4ZF,
Gate House                                                                       or, if you want to use an envelope the address to use is FREEPOST
Turnpike Road                                                                    PXS, 34 Beckenham Road, BR3 9ZA or, electronically via the internet
High Wycombe                                                                     at www.signalshares.com or, if you are a member of CREST, via the
Buckinghamshire                                                                  service provided by Euroclear UK and Ireland Limited at the electronic
HP12 3NR                                                                         address provided in Note 9, in each case no later than 11:00am on
                                                                                 21 April 2020. Please note that all proxy appointments received after
(Registered in England and Wales under number 296805)
                                                                                 this time will be void. A proxy appointment sent electronically at any
2 March 2020                                                                     time that is found to contain any virus will not be accepted.
                                                                              5. The return of a completed proxy appointment by any instrument or any
                                                                                 CREST Proxy Instruction (as further described in Notes 8 and 9 below)
                                                                                 or form will not prevent a shareholder attending the Annual General
                                                                                 Meeting and voting in person if he / she wishes to do so. If you require
                                                                                 a paper proxy form, or if you require additional forms, please contact
                                                                                 Link Asset Services, by email at enquiries@linkgroup.co.uk, or by
                                                                                 telephone on 0371 664 0300 (calls are charged at the standard
                                                                                 geographic rate and will vary by provider. Calls outside the United
                                                                                 Kingdom will be charged at the applicable international rate. Lines are
                                                                                 open between 9:00am to 5:30pm, Monday to Friday excluding public
                                                                                 holidays in England and Wales).
                                                                              6. Any person to whom this notice is sent who is a person nominated under
                                                                                 Section 146 of the Companies Act 2006 to enjoy information rights
                                                                                 (a ‘Nominated Person’) may, under an agreement between him / her
                                                                                 and the shareholder by whom he / she was nominated, have a right to
                                                                                 be appointed (or to have someone else appointed) as a proxy for the
                                                                                 Annual General Meeting. If a Nominated Person has no such proxy
                                                                                 appointment right or does not wish to exercise it, he / she may,
                                                                                 under any such agreement, have a right to give instructions to the
                                                                                 shareholder as to the exercise of voting rights. Such persons should
                                                                                 direct any communications and enquiries to the registered holder of
                                                                                 the shares by whom they were nominated and not to the Company or
                                                                                 its registrar.



194    Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
Notes to the notice of Annual General Meeting




                                                                                                                                                                  Strategic report
7. The statement of the rights of shareholders in relation to the                    The Company may not require the shareholders requesting any such
    appointment of proxies in Notes 3 and 4 above does not apply to                  website publication to pay its expenses in complying with Sections
    Nominated Persons. The rights described in these notes can only be               527 or 528 of the Companies Act 2006. Where the Company is
    exercised by shareholders of the Company.                                        required to place a statement on a website under Section 527 of the
8. CREST members who wish to appoint a proxy or proxies through the                  Companies Act 2006, it must forward the statement to the
    CREST electronic proxy appointment service may do so by using the                Company’s auditor not later than the time when it makes the
    procedures described in the CREST Manual. CREST personal                         statement available on the website. The business which may be dealt
    members or other CREST sponsored members, and those CREST                        with at the Annual General Meeting includes any statement that the


                                                                                                                                                                  Governance
    members who have appointed a service provider(s), should refer to                Company has been required under Section 527 of the Companies Act
    their CREST sponsor or voting service provider(s), who will be able to           2006 to publish on a website.
    take the appropriate action on their behalf.                                14. Any member attending the Annual General Meeting has the right to ask
9. In order for a proxy appointment or instruction made using the CREST             questions and participate in the Meeting. The Company must cause to
    service to be valid, it must be properly authenticated in accordance            be answered any such question relating to the business being dealt
    with Euroclear UK and Ireland Limited’s specifications, and must                with at the Meeting but no such answer need be given if: (i) to do so
    contain the information required for such instruction, as described in          would interfere unduly with the preparation for the meeting or involve
    the CREST Manual (available via www.euroclear.com/CREST). The                   the disclosure of confidential information; (ii) the answer has already
    message, regardless of whether it constitutes the appointment of a              been given on a website in the form of an answer to a question; or (iii) it
    proxy or is an amendment to the instruction given to a previously               is undesirable in the interests of the Company or the good order of the
    appointed proxy must, in order to be valid, be transmitted so as to be          Meeting that the question be answered.
    received by the issuer’s agent (ID RA10) by 11:00am on 21 April 2020.       15. A copy of this Notice, and other information required by Section 311A
    For this purpose, the time of receipt will be taken to be the time (as          of the Companies Act 2006, can be found at www.taylorwimpey.co.uk/
    determined by the time stamp applied to the message by the CREST                corporate.
    Application Host) from which the issuer’s agent is able to retrieve the
                                                                                16. Voting on all resolutions at this year’s Annual General Meeting will
    message by enquiry to CREST in the manner prescribed by CREST.
                                                                                    be conducted by way of a poll, rather than on a show of hands.
    After this time any change of instructions to proxies appointed
                                                                                    The Board believes that a poll is more representative of shareholders’
    through CREST should be communicated to the appointee through
                                                                                    voting intentions because it gives as many shareholders as possible
    other means.
                                                                                    the opportunity to have their votes counted (whether their votes are
10. CREST members and, where applicable, their CREST sponsors or                    tendered by proxy in advance of, or in person at, the Annual General
    voting service providers should note that Euroclear UK and Ireland              Meeting). The results of the poll will be announced via a Regulatory




                                                                                                                                                                  Shareholder information
    Limited does not make available special procedures in CREST for any             Information Service and made available at www.taylorwimpey.co.uk/
    particular message. Normal system timings and limitations will,                 corporate as soon as practicable after the Annual General Meeting.
    therefore, apply in relation to the input of CREST Proxy Instructions. It
                                                                                17. Personal data provided by shareholders at or in relation to the Annual
    is the responsibility of the CREST member concerned to take (or, if the
                                                                                    General Meeting (including names, contact details, votes and
    CREST member is a CREST personal member, or sponsored member,
                                                                                    Shareholder Reference Numbers), will be processed in line with the
    or has appointed a voting service provider, to procure that his / her
                                                                                    Company’s privacy policy which is available at www.taylorwimpey.co.
    CREST sponsor or voting service provider(s) take(s)) such action as
                                                                                    uk/privacy-policy.
    shall be necessary to ensure that a message is transmitted by means
    of the CREST system by any particular time. In this connection, CREST
    members and, where applicable, their CREST sponsors or voting
    system providers are referred, in particular, to those sections of the
    CREST Manual concerning practical limitations of the CREST system
    and timings.
11. The Company may treat as invalid a CREST Proxy Instruction in the
    circumstances set out in Regulation 35(5)(a) of the Uncertificated
    Securities Regulations 2001.
12. Any corporation which is a member can appoint one or more corporate
    representatives who may exercise on its behalf all of its powers as a
    member provided that they do not do so in relation to the same shares.
13. Under Section 527 of the Companies Act 2006 members meeting the
    threshold requirements set out in that section have the right to require
    the Company to publish on a website a statement setting out any
    matter relating to:
    –– The audit of the Company’s accounts (including the Auditor’s Report
       and the conduct of the audit) that are to be laid before the Annual
       General Meeting; or
    –– Any circumstance connected with an auditor of the Company
       ceasing to hold office since the previous meeting at which annual
       accounts and reports were laid in accordance with Section 437 of
       the Companies Act 2006.




www.taylorwimpey.co.uk                                                                                                                                   195
Notes to the notice of Annual General Meeting continued




Explanatory notes to the resolutions                                            CREST
Ordinary business                                                               For shares held in uncertificated form (CREST), please note that elections
                                                                                continue to apply only to one dividend and a fresh election must be made,
Ordinary resolutions                                                            via CREST, for each dividend.
Ordinary resolutions require more than half of the votes cast to be
                                                                                Full details of the terms and conditions of the DRIP and the actions
in favour.
                                                                                required to make or revoke an election, both in respect of ordinary
Resolution 1: To receive the annual report and financial                        dividends (i.e. in this case, the 2019 final dividend) and any special
statements                                                                      dividends, are available at www.signalshares.com or on request from the
English company law requires the Directors to lay the Financial Statements      Registrar, Link Asset Services, The Registry, 34 Beckenham Road,
of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2019 and the reports of           Beckenham, Kent, BR3 4TU, email: shares@linkgroup.co.uk or call
the Directors, namely the Strategic report, Directors’ report, Directors’       +44 (0)371 664 0381. Calls are charged at the standard geographic rate
Remuneration report, and Auditor’s report; before a general meeting of the      and will vary by provider. Calls outside the United Kingdom will be charged
Company (the Annual Report).                                                    at the applicable international rate. The Registrar is open between 9:00am
                                                                                and 5:30pm, Monday to Friday excluding public holidays in England
Resolution 2: To declare a final dividend                                       and Wales.
The Directors recommend the payment of a final dividend of 3.80 pence
per ordinary share in respect of the year ended 31 December 2019.               Resolution 4-12: Election of Directors
If approved at the Annual General Meeting, the dividend will be paid on 15      In accordance with the 2018 UK Corporate Governance Code (the Code)
May 2020 to shareholders who are on the Register of Members at the              which states that all directors should be subject to annual election by
close of business on 3 April 2020.                                              shareholders, the Board has resolved that all Directors of the Company
                                                                                will retire and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-election or election,
Resolution 3: To declare a special dividend                                     as appropriate, by shareholders at the Annual General Meeting.
The Company has announced its intention to return cash to its                   Details of the Directors’ service contracts, remuneration and interests
shareholders, through the payment of annual special dividends, always           in the Company’s shares and other securities are given in the Directors’
subject to market and performance fluctuations. Due to the size of these        Remuneration Report to shareholders on pages 106 to 131 of the Annual
special dividends, the Company believes it is appropriate to seek prior         Report and Accounts. Full biographical information concerning each
shareholder approval for payment, as it has done at the last six Annual         Director can be found on pages 66 and 67 of the Annual Report
General Meetings for such dividends.                                            and Accounts.
Further details of the rationale for paying special dividends and the link to   The following summary information is given in support of the Board’s
the Company’s current strategy, can be found on pages 40 to 41.                 proposal for the re-election or election, as appropriate, of each Director of
The aggregate cost of the special dividend for 2020 will be around              the Company.
£360 million and will be met from profits and surplus cash generated
during 2019. If approved, it will be paid on 10 July 2020 to shareholders       Irene Dorner – offers herself for election.
on the register at the close of business on 5 June 2020.                        Irene was appointed as a Non Executive Director and Chair-designate on
                                                                                1 December 2019. Irene will formally assume the position of Chair on
Dividend Re-Investment Plan                                                     26 February 2020. Irene’s strong leadership skills, coupled with her deep
Subject to shareholders approving either or both of the dividends as set        commercial experience, will continue the strong leadership of the Board;
out in Resolutions 2 and 3 at the Annual General Meeting scheduled for          the effective independent challenge of the Non Executive Directors; and
23 April 2020, the Company will be offering a Dividend Re-Investment Plan       the further development of the Group’s strong cultural principles.
(DRIP) on each one. The DRIP is provided and administered by the                Pete Redfern – offers himself for re-election.
DRIP plan administrator, Link Market Services Trustees Limited, which           Pete has been Chief Executive since July 2007 and was previously Group
is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA).           Chief Executive of George Wimpey Plc.
The DRIP offers shareholders the opportunity to elect to invest cash
dividends received on their ordinary shares, in purchasing further ordinary     Chris Carney – offers himself for re-election.
shares of the Company. These shares would be bought in the market,              Chris has been the Group Finance Director since 20 April 2018.
on competitive dealing terms.
                                                                                Jennie Daly – offers herself for re-election.
The DRIP will operate automatically in respect of the Final Dividend for
                                                                                Jennie has been the Group Operations Director since 20 April 2018.
2019 (unless varied beforehand by shareholders) and all future dividends,
including special dividends, until such time as you withdraw from the           Kate Barker DBE – offers herself for re-election.
DRIP or the DRIP is suspended or terminated in accordance with the              Kate has been an Independent Non Executive Director since April 2011.
terms and conditions.                                                           Following a recommendation from the Nomination Committee, the Board
Shareholders are again reminded to check the position with regard to any        supports the deferral of Kate’s departure until 31 July 2020 in order to
dividend mandates that are in place, should you wish to either participate      support Irene Dorner as she takes on her new position and to provide
in the DRIP or to discontinue or vary any participation, as existing            additional stability to the Board composition. Kate will step down as the
mandates will apply to all dividend payments (including special dividends)      Company’s Senior Independent Director on 20 April 2020 and as a
unless or until revoked.                                                        member of the Audit and Remuneration Committees. The Board is
                                                                                satisfied that she will be able to allocate sufficient time to the Company to
                                                                                discharge her responsibilities as a Non Executive Director effectively.
                                                                                Kate’s wide experience in economics; the practicalities of housing supply
                                                                                and land use planning; and monetary policy and its effect on the market;
                                                                                informs the Board’s wider strategic and operational decision-making.




196     Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
                                                                                                                                                                          Strategic report
Gwyn Burr – offers herself for re-election.                                       Resolution 14: Authorisation of the Audit Committee to agree on
Gwyn has been an Independent Non Executive Director since 1 February              behalf of the Board the remuneration of Deloitte as auditor
2018. The Board is satisfied that she is independent in character and             The Board seeks shareholders’ authority for the Audit Committee to
judgement in applying her expertise at meetings of the Board and of the           determine on behalf of the Board the remuneration of Deloitte for their
Remuneration Committee (which she chairs) and Nomination Committee,               services. The Board has adopted a procedure governing the appointment of
and that she will be able to allocate sufficient time to the Company to           Deloitte to carry out non-audit services, details of which are given in the Audit
discharge her responsibilities effectively. Gwyn’s many years of experience       Committee Report. Details of non-audit services performed by Deloitte in
in marketing and customer service align to key areas of the Group’s strategy      2019 are given in Note 6 on page 161 of the Annual Report and Accounts.


                                                                                                                                                                          Governance
as it seeks to become increasingly customer-focused in its operations.
                                                                                  Resolution 15: Authority to allot shares
Angela Knight CBE – offers herself for re-election.                               The Directors wish to renew the existing authority to allot unissued shares
Angela has been an Independent Non Executive Director since November              in the Company, which was granted at the Company’s last Annual General
2016. The Board is satisfied that she is independent in character and             Meeting held on 25 April 2019 which is due to expire at the conclusion of this
judgement in applying her expertise at meetings of the Board and of the           Annual General Meeting. Accordingly, paragraph a of resolution 15 would give
Audit, Nomination and Remuneration Committees, and that she will be               the Directors the authority to allot ordinary shares or grant rights to subscribe for
able to allocate sufficient time to the Company to discharge her                  or convert any securities into ordinary shares up to an aggregate nominal
responsibilities effectively. Angela’s insight into the public sector gained      amount equal to £10,945,757 (representing 1,094,575,700 ordinary shares).
through many years’ experience as a Member of Parliament and in a                 This amount represents approximately one-third of the issued ordinary
variety of roles within HM Treasury offer the Board additional perspective in     share capital of the Company as at 28 February 2020, the latest
the key public sector area as it relates to housing and development activities.   practicable date prior to publication of this Notice of Meeting.

Robert Noel – offers himself for election.                                        In line with guidance issued by The Investment Association (TIA),
Robert has been an independent Non Executive Director since 1 October             paragraph b of resolution 15 would give the Directors authority to allot
2019. The Board announced on 24 February 2020 that Rob will become                ordinary shares or grant rights to subscribe for or convert any securities
the Company’s Senior Independent Director on 21 April 2020. The Board             into ordinary shares in connection with a rights issue in favour of ordinary
is satisfied that he is independent in character and judgement in applying        shareholders up to an aggregate nominal amount equal to £21,891,515
his expertise at meetings of the Board and of the Audit Committee and the         (representing 2,189,151,500 ordinary shares), as reduced by the nominal
Nomination Committee, and that he will be able to allocate sufficient time        amount of any shares issued under paragraph a of resolution 15. This
to the Company to discharge his responsibilities effectively. Rob brings          amount (before any reduction) represents approximately two-thirds of the
wide experience as an experienced CEO and particularly deep property              issued ordinary share capital of the Company as at 28 February 2020, the




                                                                                                                                                                          Shareholder information
expertise which assists the Board in assessing large scale mixed-use              latest practicable date prior to publication of this Notice of Meeting.
developments such as those undertaken by all UK Regions and the                   The Company does not hold any shares in treasury.
TW Major Developments business; and the operations and prospects
                                                                                  The authorities sought under paragraphs a and b of resolution 15 will
of the Central London operation.
                                                                                  expire at the earlier of 22 July 2021 and the conclusion of the Annual
Humphrey Singer – offers himself for re-election.                                 General Meeting of the Company to be held in 2021.
Humphrey has been an Independent Non Executive Director since                     The Directors have no present intention to exercise either of the authorities
December 2015. The Board is satisfied that he is independent in character         sought under this resolution. However, if they do exercise the authorities,
and judgement in applying his expertise at meetings of the Board and of           the Directors intend to follow TIA recommendations concerning their use
the Audit Committee (which he Chairs) and the Nomination Committee,               (including as regards the Directors standing for re-election in certain cases).
and that he will be able to allocate sufficient time to the Company to
discharge his responsibilities effectively. Humphrey’s detailed knowledge         Special Resolutions
and experience of financial reporting by major listed companies makes him         Special resolutions require at least a 75% majority of votes cast to be cast
well-qualified to hold to account the external auditor; properly assess the       in favour.
Group’s internal audit and control processes; and oversee the ongoing
tendering of the external audit.                                                  Resolutions 16 and 17: Authority to dis-apply pre-emption rights
                                                                                  Resolutions 16 and 17 will be proposed as special resolutions, each of
The Board confirms that each of the above Directors has recently been             which requires a 75% majority of the votes to be cast in favour. They would
subject to formal performance evaluation, details of which are set out in the     give the Directors the power to allot ordinary shares (or sell any ordinary
Corporate Governance Report in the Annual Report and Accounts on                  shares which the Company holds in treasury) for cash without first offering
pages 92 and 93, and that each continues to demonstrate commitment                them to existing shareholders in proportion to their existing shareholdings.
and to be an effective member of the Board able to devote sufficient time
in line with the Code to fulfill their role and duties.                           The power set out in resolution 16 would be, similar to previous years, limited to:
                                                                                  (a) allotments or sales in connection with pre-emptive offers and offers to holders
Resolution 13: Re-appointment of Deloitte LLP (Deloitte) as                       of other equity securities if required by the rights of those shares, or as the Board
auditor of the Company                                                            otherwise considers necessary, or (b) otherwise up to an aggregate nominal
The Company is required to appoint auditors at each general meeting at            amount of £1,641,863 (representing 164,186,300 ordinary shares).
which accounts are laid before the shareholders. It is therefore proposed         This aggregate nominal amount represents approximately 5% of the issued
that the auditor is appointed from the conclusion of the 2020 Annual General      ordinary share capital of the Company (excluding treasury shares) as at
Meeting until the conclusion of the next general meeting at which accounts        28 February 2020, the latest practicable date prior to publication of this Notice.
are laid before shareholders. Following an annual review of Deloitte’s
performance, and following consideration of the guidance on the timing of         In respect of the power under resolution 16b, the Directors confirm their
the rotation of the external auditor, details as set out on page 102, the Board   intention to follow the provisions of the Pre-Emption Group’s Statement of
recommends the re-appointment of Deloitte as the Company’s auditor.               Principles regarding cumulative usage of authorities within a rolling three
                                                                                  year period where the Principles provide that usage in excess of 7.5% of
                                                                                  the issued ordinary share capital of the Company (excluding treasury
                                                                                  shares) should not take place without prior consultation with shareholders.


www.taylorwimpey.co.uk                                                                                                                                            197
Notes to the notice of Annual General Meeting continued




Resolution 17 is intended to give the Company flexibility to make non                The shareholders are separately asked to approve the Directors’
pre-emptive issues of ordinary shares in connection with acquisitions and            Remuneration Policy which is set out on pages 115 to 117 of the Annual
other capital investments as contemplated by the Pre-emption Group’s                 Report and Accounts. It is intended that this will take effect immediately
Statement of Principles. The power under resolution 17 is in addition to that        after the Annual General Meeting and will replace the existing policy that
proposed by resolution 16 and would be limited to allotments or sales of up          was approved by shareholders in 2017 which is due to expire at the 2020
to an aggregate nominal amount of £1,641,863 (representing 164,186,300               Annual General Meeting. It is anticipated that the Directors’ Remuneration
ordinary shares) in addition to the power set out in resolution 16. This aggregate   Policy will be in force for three years although we will closely monitor
nominal amount represents an additional 5% of the issued ordinary share              regulatory changes and market trends and, if necessary, we may present a
capital of the Company (excluding treasury shares) as at 28 February 2020,           revised policy to shareholders within that three year period should it
the latest practicable date prior to publication of this Notice.                     become necessary to do so. The Directors’ Remuneration Policy has been
                                                                                     developed taking into account the 2018 UK Corporate Governance Code
The powers under resolutions 16 and 17 will expire at the earlier of
                                                                                     and the views of our major shareholders.
22 July 2021 and the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting of
the Company.                                                                         Resolution 21: Authority to make political donations
                                                                                     In order to comply with its obligations under the Companies Act 2006 and to
Resolution 18: Authority to make market purchases of shares
                                                                                     avoid any inadvertent infringement of that Act, the Board wishes to renew its
Any purchases under this authority would be made in one or more
                                                                                     existing authority for a general level of political donation and / or expenditure.
tranches and would be limited in aggregate to 10% of the ordinary shares
                                                                                     Resolution 21 seeks to renew the existing authority for the Company to
of the Company in issue at the close of business on 28 February 2020.
                                                                                     make political donations and incur political expenditure.
The minimum price (exclusive of expenses) which may be paid for an
                                                                                     The Companies Act 2006 requires this authority to be divided into three
ordinary share is 1 pence per ordinary share. The maximum price to be paid
                                                                                     heads (as set out in Resolution 21) with a separate amount specified as
on any exercise of the authority would not exceed the highest of (i) 105% of
                                                                                     permitted for each. An amount not exceeding £250,000 for each head of the
the average of the middle market quotations for the Company’s ordinary
                                                                                     authority has been proposed. In accordance with the Companies Act 2006,
shares for the five business days immediately preceding the date of the
                                                                                     Resolution 21 extends approval to all of the Company’s subsidiaries.
purchase; and (ii) the higher of the price of the last independent trade and
the highest current independent bid on the trading venues where the                  This authority will expire at the conclusion of the next Annual General
purchase is carried out. Shares purchased pursuant to these authorities              Meeting of the Company, unless renewal is sought at that meeting.
could be held as treasury shares, which the Company can re-issue quickly
                                                                                     The Company and the Group do not make any donations to political
and cost-effectively, and provides the Company with additional flexibility in
                                                                                     parties or organisations and do not intend to going forward, but do support
the management of its capital base. The total number of shares held as
                                                                                     certain industry-wide bodies such as the Home Builders Federation in the
treasury shall not at any one time exceed 10% of the Company’s issued
                                                                                     UK. Whilst the Board does not regard this as political in nature, in certain
share capital. Accordingly, any shares bought back over the 10% limit will be
                                                                                     circumstances such support together with donations made for charitable
cancelled. The Company currently holds no shares in treasury.
                                                                                     or similar purposes could possibly be treated as a donation to a political
This is a standard resolution, sought by the majority of public listed               organisation under the relevant provisions of the Companies Act 2006.
companies at Annual General Meetings.                                                For example, a donation to a humanitarian charity which may also operate
                                                                                     as a political lobby, sponsorship, subscriptions, paid leave to employees
The Board’s current intention of utilising this authority is generally limited to
                                                                                     fulfilling public duties and payments to industry representative bodies could
acquiring shares for the various share scheme arrangements. Although the
                                                                                     constitute a donation to a political organisation within the current definitions
Board will continue to keep the matter under review, the Board would only
                                                                                     in the Companies Act 2006.
consider a more formal share purchase programme if it would result in an
increase in earnings per share and was in the best interests of shareholders         Details of the Company’s and the Group’s charitable donations appear on
generally, having regard to all relevant circumstances.                              pages 137 and 138 of the Annual Report and Accounts.
The total number of options and conditional share awards to subscribe for
ordinary shares outstanding as at the close of business on 28 February 2020          Special resolution
was 35,434,442, representing approximately 1.1% of the issued ordinary               Special resolutions require at least a 75% majority of votes cast to be cast
share capital of the Company as at that date and approximately 1.2% of               in favour.
the Company’s issued ordinary share capital following any exercise in full of
this authority to make market purchases.                                             Resolution 22: Notice of general meetings
                                                                                     This resolution will be proposed as a special resolution and therefore
This authority will last until the earlier of 22 October 2021 and the                requires a 75% majority of votes to be cast in favour. The Companies
conclusion of the Company’s next Annual General Meeting.                             (Shareholders’ Rights) Regulations 2009 have increased the notice period
                                                                                     required for general meetings of the Company to 21 clear days unless
Special business                                                                     shareholders agree to a shorter notice period, which cannot be less than
                                                                                     14 clear days. At the last Annual General Meeting, a resolution was passed
Ordinary resolutions
                                                                                     approving the Company’s ability to call general meetings (other than
Resolution 19 and 20: Approval of the Directors’ Remuneration                        Annual General Meetings, which will continue to be held on at least 21
report and the Remuneration Policy report                                            clear days’ notice) on not less than 14 clear days’ notice. As this approval
The Remuneration Committee of the Board (the Committee) is seeking                   will expire at the conclusion of this Annual General Meeting, Resolution 22
shareholders’ approval of the Directors’ Remuneration Report and the new             proposes its renewal. The shorter notice period of 14 clear days would not
directors’ remuneration policy (the Directors’ Remuneration Policy) in               be used as a matter of routine for any general meeting, but only where the
resolutions 19 and 20, which will each be proposed as an ordinary resolution.        flexibility is merited by the business of a particular meeting and is thought
The Directors are required to prepare the Directors’ remuneration report,            to be to the advantage of shareholders as a whole. The renewed approval
comprising an annual report detailing the remuneration of the Directors and          will be effective until the Company’s next Annual General Meeting, when it
a statement by the Chair of the Remuneration Committee. The Company is               is intended that a similar resolution will be proposed.
required to seek shareholders’ approval in respect of the contents of this           Note that in order to be able to call a general meeting on less than 21 clear
report on an annual basis (excluding the part containing the Directors’              days’ notice, the Company must in respect of that meeting make available
Remuneration Policy). This vote is an advisory one.                                  electronic voting to all shareholders.
198     Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
Shareholder facilities




                                                                                                                                                                Strategic report
Shareholders’ services                                                         Dividend mandates
Web communications                                                             We strongly encourage all shareholders to receive their cash dividends by
                                                                               direct transfer to a bank or building society account. This ensures that
The Company makes documents and information available to shareholders          dividends are credited promptly to shareholders without the cost and
by electronic means and via a website, rather than by sending hard copies.     inconvenience of having to pay in dividend cheques at a bank. If you wish
This way of communicating is enabled in accordance with the Companies          to use this cost-effective and simple facility, complete and return the
Act 2006, Rule 6 of the Disclosure and Transparency Rules and the              dividend mandate form attached to your dividend cheque. Additional
Company’s Articles of Association.


                                                                                                                                                                Governance
                                                                               mandate forms may be obtained from Link Asset Services.
Making documents and information available electronically:
                                                                               Duplicate share register accounts
a. Enables the Company to reduce printing and postage cost.
                                                                               If you are receiving more than one copy of our Annual Report and
b. Allows faster access to information and enables shareholders to access      Accounts, it may be that your shares are registered in two or more
   documents on the day they are published on the Company’s website.           accounts on our Register of Members. You might wish to consider
c. Reduces the amount of resources consumed, such as paper, and                merging them into one single entry. Please contact Link Asset Services
   lessens the impact of printing and mailing activities on the environment.   who will be pleased to carry out your instructions in this regard.
The Company provides hard copy documentation to those shareholders
who have requested this and is, of course, happy to provide hard copies to
                                                                               Share dealing services
any shareholders upon request.                                                 We have arranged both telephone and online share dealing services.
                                                                               Link Share Dealing Services allows you to buy and sell shares in a large
The Company’s website is www.taylorwimpey.co.uk and shareholder
                                                                               number of companies that have Link as their registrar. The services are
documentation made available electronically is generally accessible at
                                                                               operated by Link Asset Services. To use the services either visit
www.taylorwimpey.co.uk/corporate.
                                                                               www.linksharedeal.com or telephone 0371 664 0445. Calls are charged at
Electronic communications                                                      the standard geographic rate and will vary by provider. Calls outside the
                                                                               United Kingdom will be charged at the applicable international rate. Lines
The Company also encourages shareholders to elect to receive notification
                                                                               are open between 8:00am and 4:30pm Monday to Friday excluding public
of the availability of Company documentation by means of an email.
                                                                               holidays in England and Wales. To deal, you will need to provide your
Shareholders can sign up for this facility by logging onto our website at
                                                                               surname, postcode, date of birth and investor code (which can be found
www.taylorwimpey.co.uk/corporate/investors/shareholder-centre.
                                                                               on your share certificate or any form of proxy you have been sent).
Online facilities for shareholders                                             Shareholders are not in any way obliged to use this service when dealing in




                                                                                                                                                                Shareholder information
                                                                               the Company’s shares.
You can access our Annual and Interim Reports and copies of recent
shareholder communications online at www.taylorwimpey.co.uk/corporate.         Taylor Wimpey and CREST
You can manage your shareholding in Taylor Wimpey via link Asset               Taylor Wimpey shares can be held in CREST accounts, which do not
Services shareholder portal, which can be accessed online at                   require share certificates. This may make it quicker and easier for some
www.signalshares.com.                                                          shareholders to settle stock market transactions. Shareholders who deal
                                                                               infrequently may, however, prefer to continue to hold their shares in
Dividend Re-Investment Plan                                                    certificated form and this facility will remain available for the time being,
You can choose to invest your cash dividends, including any special            pending the likely general introduction of dematerialised shareholdings in
dividends, in purchasing Taylor Wimpey shares on the market under the          due course.
terms of the Dividend Re-Investment Plan (DRIP). For further information on
the DRIP and how to join, contact Link Asset Services.                         Taylor Wimpey share price
Shareholders are again reminded to check the position with regard to any       Our share price is available on our website at www.taylorwimpey.co.uk/
dividend mandates that are in place, should you wish to either participate     corporate. It appears on BBC Text and other digital television interactive
in the DRIP or discontinue or vary any participation, as existing mandates     services. It may also be obtained by telephoning the FT Cityline service on
will apply to all dividend payments (including special dividends) unless or    telephone 09058 171690 and asking for ‘Taylor Wimpey’ on the voice
until revoked.                                                                 activated response (calls cost 75p per minute from a BT landline, other
                                                                               networks may vary).
CREST
                                                                               Gifting shares to charity
The Company offers shareholders who hold their Taylor Wimpey shares in
CREST a facility for the receipt of dividends through the CREST system.        If you have a small holding of Taylor Wimpey shares, you may wish to
                                                                               consider gifting them to charity. You can do so through ‘ShareGift’, which
For shares held in uncertificated form (CREST), please note that elections     is administered by a registered charity, Orr Mackintosh Foundation Limited.
continue to apply only to one dividend and a fresh election must be made,      Shares gifted are re-registered in the name of the charity, combined with
via CREST, for each dividend.                                                  other donated shares and then sold through stockbrokers who charge no
Full details of the terms and conditions of the DRIP and the actions           commission. The proceeds are distributed to a wide range of recognised
required to make or revoke an election, both in respect of ordinary            charities. For further details, please contact Link Asset Services or
dividends (i.e. in this case, the 2019 final dividend) and any special         approach ShareGift directly on www.sharegift.org or telephone them on
dividends, are available at www.signalshares.com or on request from the        020 7930 3737.
Registrar, Link Asset Services, The Registry, 34 Beckenham Road,
Beckenham, Kent, BR3 4TU, email: shares@linkgroup.co.uk, tel: 0371 664
0381. Calls are charged at the standard geographic rate and will vary by
provider. Calls outside the United Kingdom will be charged at the
applicable international rate. Lines are open between 9:00am and 5:30pm
Monday to Friday excluding public holidays in England and Wales.



www.taylorwimpey.co.uk                                                                                                                                   199
Shareholder facilities continued




Unsolicited approaches to shareholders and ‘Boiler                              Auditors
Room’ scams                                                                     Deloitte LLP
We receive reports from time to time from Taylor Wimpey shareholders
who have each received what appear to be fraudulent approaches from             Solicitors
third parties with respect to their shareholding in the Company. In some        Slaughter and May
cases these are ‘cold calls’ and in others correspondence. They generally
purport to be from a firm of solicitors or an investment company and offer,     Stockbrokers
or hold out the prospect of, large gains on Taylor Wimpey shares or other
                                                                                Citigroup Global Markets Limited
investments you may hold.
                                                                                Credit Suisse International
The approaches normally include the seeking of an advance payment from
the shareholder, the disclosure of the shareholder’s bank details or the sale
of an unrelated investment. Shareholders are advised to be extremely wary
of such approaches and deal with firms authorised by the UK Financial             Principal Operating Addresses
Conduct Authority (FCA). More information is available on our website
www.taylorwimpey.co.uk/corporate/shareholder-information/boiler-room-
                                                                                  UK
scams and you can check whether an enquirer is properly authorised and
report scam approaches by contacting the FCA on www.fca.org.uk/                   Taylor Wimpey plc
consumers or by calling +44 (0)800 111 6768. This is a freephone number           Gate House
from the UK and lines are open Monday to Friday, 8:00am to 6:00pm and             Turnpike Road
Saturday 9:00am to 1:00pm.                                                        High Wycombe
                                                                                  Buckinghamshire
Annual General Meeting                                                            HP12 3NR

11:00am on 23 April 2020 at:                                                      Tel: +44 (0)1494 558323
                                                                                  Website: www.taylorwimpey.co.uk
The British Medical Association, BMA House, Tavistock Square, London,
WC1H 9JP.                                                                         Registered in England and Wales number 296805

Latest date for receipt of proxy instructions for the 2020 Annual General         Details of all our operating locations are available on our website
Meeting: 11:00am on 21 April 2020.                                                www.taylorwimpey.co.uk
                                                                                  Taylor Wimpey UK Limited
Group General Counsel and Company Secretary                                       Gate House
Alice Marsden                                                                     Turnpike Road
Gate House                                                                        High Wycombe
Turnpike Road                                                                     Buckinghamshire
High Wycombe                                                                      HP12 3NR
Buckinghamshire                                                                   Tel: +44 (0)1494 558323
HP12 3NR
Tel: 01494 558323                                                                 Spain
                                                                                  Taylor Wimpey de España S.A.U
Registrar
                                                                                  C/Aragón
For any enquiries concerning your shareholding or details of shareholder          223-223A
services, please contact:                                                         07008 Palma de Mallorca
Link Asset Services                                                               Mallorca
The Registry                                                                      Spain
34 Beckenham Road                                                                 Tel: +34 971 706570
Beckenham                                                                         Fax: +34 971 706565
Kent
BR3 4TU
Email: enquiries@linkgroup.co.uk
Tel: 0371 664 0300
Calls are charged at the standard geographic rate and will vary by provider.
Calls outside the United Kingdom will be charged at the applicable
international rate. Lines are open between 9:00am and 5:30pm,
Monday to Friday excluding public holidays in England and Wales.




200     Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019
                      More online

                            View our Annual Report and Accounts online:
                            www.taylorwimpey.co.uk/corporate

                            Further information about our sustainability activities and policies
                            can be found within our dedicated Sustainability Report on our
                            website: www.taylorwimpey.co.uk/corporate/sustainability




This is a certified climate neutral print product for which carbon emissions have been
calculated and offset by supporting recognised carbon offset projects. The carbon offset
projects are audited and certified according to international standards and demonstrably
reduce emissions. The climate neutral label includes a unique ID number specific to this
product which can be tracked at www.climatepartner.com, giving details of the carbon
offsetting process including information on the emissions volume and the carbon offset
project being supported.
Designed and produced by Black Sun Plc www.blacksunplc.com
Printed by Park Communications on FSC® certified paper.
www.taylorwimpey.co.uk
