Half Year Results 2022




   Wednesday, 3 August 2022
Half Year Results 2022                                                 Wednesday, 3 August 2022



                            Highlights and current trading
                                           Jennie Daly
                                    CEO, Taylor Wimpey plc
Welcome
Morning everyone. I know that we are a couple of minutes behind time so I will get started.
It is good to see you all here today.     Thank you f or taking the time. I will jump straight in
with the agenda.      I will run through the highlights f or Taylor Wimpey , current market
conditions and trading which I know you will be particularly interested in. We will try to give
you a bit more insight here.    Chris will talk you through the f inancials and guidance as usual
and then I will return remind you of the inherent strength of our business, which I outlined at
the investors and analyst update in May, and our f ocus on building a stronger and more
resilient business.

Well positioned: a strong and resilient business
Let us start with the results. It has been an excellent f irst half f or the business, operationally
and f inancially, against a strong set of comparators. I am pleased to say that our results are
slightly ahead of our expectations and, as we announced today, we are now guiding to f ull
year operating prof it around the top end of consensus expectations. As you kno w, we have
been very f ocused on driving operating and f inancial perf ormance and embedding a cost
discipline mindset f ocused on operational excellence.     It is very pleasing to see the f urther
progression in our operating prof it margin increasing to 20.4%, benef itting in the period f rom
planned land sales and a strong perf ormance f rom joint ventures.           We have been very
f ocused on optimising sales price balanced against sales rate and delivery, so we are very
pleased to see a continuing strong and high-quality order book.

We are working hard on execution and delivery f rom our landbank, and I am happy to tell you
that we come into the second half with outlets slightly above where we guided, which is a
f antastic result and no mean f eat. This has been the result of lots of hard work by our teams
in a dif f icult planning and technical environment. We need to keep our eyes sharply f ocused
here but we remain on track to increase outlets at the end of the year and into next year.
Importantly we are achieving this in the right way. We are leading the sector on production
quality, again achieving the highest CQR score in the major builders, which we see as an
advantage coming into the era of the New Homes Ombudsman. We have great people who
have perf ormed well and are vital to our progress, so I am delighted to say that we have
again won recognition in TheJobCrowd awards as well as improving our ranking overall, which
is voted f or by our employees. During the period we have continued to progress work on f ire
saf ety with building owners, management companies and leaseholders and remain committed
to resolving these issues as soon as possible f or our customers.

Current market backdrop
The wider political and economic backdrop is more turbulent than we have all seen in some
time, resulting in higher inf lation and interest rates than we all anticipated at the start of the
year.   However, the housing market has been and continues to be very resilient. Of course,
as you have heard me say bef ore, we do not operate in a bubble and we are very conscious of
the increase to cost of living, higher inf lation and the potential impact on our customers.
Certainly, f or now we are seeing no meaningf ul change in the trends.        The demand f or our


                                                                                                  2
Half Year Results 2022                                                  Wednesday, 3 August 2022


homes continues to outstrip current availability. In addition, mortgages remain af f ordable by
historic standards and banks want to lend to UK homebuyers and a re pricing mortgages
competitively.    We are in a strong place and our clear f ocus on building a stronger and more
resilient business positions us well should conditions change.       As you know, the sector has
seen pressures on costs and materials across the last 12 months and Chris will talk to you
more about this.     But, we have been able to of f set build cost inf lation with he althy gains in
house prices and on tight control on costs.      We are f ocused on the things in our control and
continue to perf orm well as a Group with the help of our central procurement, our national
scale supported by national agreements, and Taylor Wimpey Logistics.

Finally on this slide and very brief ly on Help to Buy, f ollowing the updated Homes England
guidance we will stop taking Help to Buy reservations by the end of October and are well-
progressed to deliver build completions by the end of the year and legal completions by 31st
March 2023.

Market performance – to date
Turning now to our position as we go into half two, we have had a really strong f irst half .
Given the length of the order book we have consciously prioritised optimising price and
revenue in a good market and been disciplined in our approach to sales rate.               We have
achieved a good balance with an ef f icient sales rate of 0.9 f or the f irst half . Our order book
as at 31st July is around 10,400 units. On private homes we are currently selling six months
ahead which is still a little longer than we would ideally like but allows us to continue to drive
price whilst continuing to give some transitional support on the withdrawal of Help to Buy.
We are now 92% f orward sold f or this year so very little to sell f or this year and we are now
releasing availability and actively selling into quarter one of 2023. You will see here our sales
rate second half to-date of 0.57. We should remember that we are only f our weeks into the
second    half   having actively      managed our   order   book   length, which has constrained
availability, improved its quality and maintained the discipline of driving price. As this period
was impacted too with lead times to sales including the double bank holiday in June.

As I mentioned earlier, we remain very comf ortable as regards to demand. Customer interest
remains strong, and we are continuing to see good price improvements across the Group.
You will recall that cancellation rate is simply a f unction of gross cancellations over gross
sales. Cancellations in absolute numbers are 9% down on the same period last year and 29%
down on the same period in 2019.           We have seen very f ew cancellations f rom customers
based on sentiment or concerns around af f ordability to-date. Down valuations remain low, as
do the use of incentives. I know that there have been some questions on regional variations
in recent weeks. Looking at the data there are no discernible changes to previous patterns of
reservations, price growth, cancellations and the like so there are no outliers f or me to f lag f or
you today.       Today’s planning environment, which I will come onto, does remain a real
challenge so we are pleased to have opened 50 outlets in the period, which is testament to
the skills of the team in a clearly more dif f icult environment.    It remains our f ocus to open
these as ef f iciently as possible.

Positive sales momentum and forward indicators
Forward indicators remain positive, tracking closely to pre-Covid metrics in 2019 though
clearly lower than we have seen in the less comparable                years of    2020 and 2021.
Appointments, enquiries and website visits remain at good levels and reassuringly this is still


                                                                                                   3
Half Year Results 2022                                                 Wednesday, 3 August 2022


with media spend running at about a third less than 2019.         We have some f lex there if we
were to need it. You will also see a dip in appointments at the Jubilee bank holiday where as
part of our community engagement events we were open to walk-ins, so the appointments
model did not capture the data in the normal way.

I wanted to share with you more of an insight into what our customers are looking f or and the
key areas f actoring into their decisions.   It is worth saying that in all of my discussions with
the sales teams across the business in recent weeks they continue to com ment on the
positive sentiment of our customers keen to get on with the process. Looking a little deeper
into the available data our customers are f eeling secure in their employment, supported by
good accessibility and af f ordability of mortgages. For example, f rom the qualif ications carried
out by our largest IFAs we can see that the savings on deposit data we shared with you in
May continues to support f irst-time buyers with the majority f unding their deposit f rom
savings.   We continue to embed the use of and improve the quality of the data f lowing f rom
our adoption of dynamics f or our sales and customer service.         From that data we can see
continuing strong prospects in the early pipeline with enquirers sitting comf ortably within our
pricing of f er. A high number continue to be f rom f irst-time buyers and on average enquirers
are looking to move within the coming year.

What our customers want is reflected in the quality of our locations
We think there is more potential to unlock in knowing our customers better to enable us to
have a sharper and more meaningf ul customer proposition. I mentioned at the investor and
analyst event in May that we would be undertaking some data-driven customer research, and
this is still ongoing.   I will update you more comprehensively at the f ull year.   However, as
part of the research we carried out our biggest data-led customer surveys together with f ocus
groups.    I can share with you a f ew snippets today f rom one of the surveys which sampled
1,500 recent homebuyers and those in the market looking to move in the next year.           Firstly,
and conf irming what we know there continues to be a strong appetite f or home ownership
with demand outstripping supply.        The move f or more green space we saw during Covid
continues, which obviously plays to our strength particularly given the f ocus on master
planning and placemaking we have had in recent years.            The research also conf irms that
purchasers value those attributes such as good transport connections, community services
and f acilities that are already accounted f or in our placemaking and more broadly in our
locational quality matrix, which you will be f amiliar with, and which assesses land on a macro
and micro location basis at the time of land acquisition.

We were very encouraged by the f indings so f ar.           It reinf orces that Taylor Wimpey has
adopted the right approach to land buying, f ocusing on those sites our customers desire the
most and ensuring that we do indeed have the best quality landbank in the sector.          All this
reinf orces our conf idence in the overall resilience of our outlets and land holdings should the
market change.

Just bef ore I hand over to Chris, I will step back f or a second.     I have talked to you a lot
about sharper operational f ocus and building a greater resilience and continuing to drive
operational excellence across the business.      We are well-positioned, are agile and have the
ability to act swif tly should conditions change. I will hand over to Chris now. Thank you.




                                                                                                  4
Half Year Results 2022                                                 Wednesday, 3 August 2022



                                      Financial Review

                                           Chris Carney
                          Group Finance Director, Taylor Wimpey plc
Summary Group results
Thanks Jennie and good morning, everyone.         These are an excellent set of half one results
which show progress f or both gross and operating prof it and their respective margins against
some very tough comparatives f rom last year.          You will recall that in half one last year it
benef itted f rom completions delayed f rom Q4 2020 due to Covid and that is the reason why
you see a reduction in revenue year-on-year. The reduction in adjusted EPS is driven by an
increase in the pre-exceptional tax rate f rom 18.3% last year to 22.1% this year, mainly as a
result of the introduction of the residential property developer tax. As you would expect, the
reduced number of shares in issue as a consequence of the buyback partially of f set that tax
impact.    Despite the investment in operating assets in the period, which you will see on the
balance sheet, the 12-month rolling return on net operating assets also showed good
progress increasing to 24.4%.

UK performance summary
Turning to UK perf ormance we were very pleased to be able to deliver just a little bit more in
completions in the period than the expectation of 45% of f ull year completions.         When you
combine that with a sector-leading build quality score it really is an excellent perf ormance.
Af f ordable homes contributed 22% of wholly owned completions in the period and our
guidance f or the f ull year of 20% remains unchanged. The blended average selling price was
pretty f lat year-on-year due to the increased proportion of af f ordable homes.           The 3%
increase on private selling prices is less than the underlying inf lation of 6.5% that you will see
on the next slide because the average size of the homes completing in the period was 2.6%
smaller and slightly more weighted towards the north.        In contrast the growth in af f ordable
selling prices is mainly due to those completions being much more weighted towards the
south.    A combination of mix and inf lation will push the private av erage selling price higher in
the second half of the year and a greater share of af f ordable completions f rom the north will
at the same time generate a slight reduction in the af f ordable selling price.        Overall, we
expect blended average selling prices f or the f ully year to be 4-5% ahead of 2021.

There was a strong perf ormance f rom JVs in the period and we are increasing our
expectations f or the share of JV results to £14 million f or the year. Those of you with eagle
eyes will have spotted that the UK gross and operating margins are slightly less than the
Group f igures shown on the previous slide and that is because we had a strong perf ormance
f rom Spain which included a small one-time accounting benef it.            However, even on an
underlying basis their margins were still ahead of the UK.

UK operating margin
This slide provides the drivers of the improvement in margin period-on-period.           Consistent
with our guidance you can see that market inf lation on selling price has more than of f set build
cost inf lation f or completions in the period. Whilst we have very good data on pricing it is not
easy to discern how much of the uplif t is market and how much is down to our f ocus on price
optimisation. But, with the benef it of an excellent order book we have been more f ocused on
price this year than ever bef ore. The 6.5% shown on the slide is the underlying price inf lation

                                                                                                  5
Half Year Results 2022                                                Wednesday, 3 August 2022


captured on completions in the period compared to the f irst half of last year.         Build cost
inf lation on legal completions coming through the income statement in the second half of last
year was 5%.     In March I said that had pushed up a bit f urther at the start of this year and
you can see that we are showing 6.5% included in the slide f or half one. Today’s prevailing
rate of cost inf lation is higher at around 9-10% because the pressure f rom both material and
labour costs have increased with more of that pressure coming on the material side driven by
higher energy and f uel costs.    Despite this higher level of cost inf lation, the pricing we are
seeing on sales means we continue to expect price growth to of f set build cost inf lation.

You can see that the margin in half one also benef itted f rom the improved JV perf ormance
and a handf ul of planned land sales which were mainly phase s of larger sites where the sale
was either anticipated on acquisition or is related to a swap with another developer. We are
not expecting to repeat the same level of JV prof its or land sales in half two. As you would
expect, we continue to be very disciplined on cost.      The negative impact f rom net operating
expenses is a combination of lower f ixed cost recovery as volumes wer e less than last year
and increased expenses principally as a result of higher salaries f rom annual pay rises and
benchmarking exercises but also due to increased insurance costs and a return to more
normal spend on travel and subsistence.        For the f ull year our margin guidance remains
unchanged.    We continue to anticipate underlying year-on-year progression towards the 21-
22% target range.

Summary Group balance sheet
What you see on this slide is that we have maintained a strong balance sheet with low
adjusted gearing and at the same time continued with our measured investment in the
business to put us in a position to deliver f uture growth assuming a stable market.          The
increase in land is a ref lection of the growth in the short-term owned landbank f rom 59,000
plots 12 months ago to over 66,000 plots at the end of June. This brings the total short-term
landbank to 88,000 plots which is 10,000 more than two years ago and is bang in line with
what we committed to deliver at the time of the equity raise.

Following the same theme, the growth in WIP balance is also in line with our guidance as we
look to grow our outlet numbers at the end of this year. At the end of June, we had already
started on site at 24 of the outlets that we plan to open in half two and we o wn and have
detailed planning f or a f urther 17 outlets also f or half two.    The increase in provisions is
consistent with the additional £80 million of       f ire saf ety remediation commitments we
announced in April when we signed the Government’s Fire Saf ety Pledge.

Group cashflow
As expected, the Group’s net cash position reduced in the period largely due to the
investment in land and WIP.      The 2021 f inal dividend of £161 million was paid in May and
today we have declared an interim dividend f or this year to be paid in November of £163
million or 4.62 pence per share.         This together with £150 million buyback which was
completed in the f irst half means we will return £474 million to shareholders in 2022.       It is
probably the right time to emphasise that our ordinary dividend policy is dif f erent to the rest
of the sector.   In a cyclical environment earnings f luctuate so basing our ordinary dividend
policy on net assets signif icantly improves the consistency and reliability of those returns to
shareholders compared to earnings measures. Clearly, we are very mindf ul of the prevailing
general economic uncertainty but with our f antastic landbank and strategic pipeline we are


                                                                                                 6
Half Year Results 2022                                                 Wednesday, 3 August 2022


more conf ident than ever that we can continue to pay an ordinary dividend of at least £250
million in a normal downturn, which we have previously put parameters around and we would
still emerge in a very strong position.

2022 guidance
By now I am sure you are all aware, not least because Jennie’s already mentioned it, that
today based on our perf ormance in the f irst half and current market conditions we are
upgrading our guidance f or 2022 Group operating prof it including JVs to be around the top
end of the current consensus range which is £924 million.         Our UK completions guidance is
reassuringly unchanged at 2-3% growth on 2021 and af f ordable at 20%.            Blended average
selling prices on completions based on the order book and current prices f or unsold plots are
now expected to be 4-5% up on last year.         Our cash guidance is unchanged at £600 million
and as always it is very dependent on the timing of land spend but with the increased prof it
the risk is probably a bit more weighted to the upside. We are continuing to approve land on
a replacement basis with around 7,000 plots approved in the f irst half . We have updated our
guidance on net f inance charges to £20 million which ref lects the increase in interest we
expect to receive on our cash deposits.      Lastly, I mentioned earlier we have increased our
expectations on share of JV prof it to £14 million f or the year. Looking f urther f orward and as
Jennie’s already said, we remain on track to increase our outlet numbers at the end of this
year.   If market conditions remain stable that positions us f or growth.       But, whatever the
market conditions we f ace in 2023 those additional outlets will give us f lexibility to continue to
optimise our sales and returns f or shareholders.


                Well Positioned: A strong and resilient business

                                           Jennie Daly
                                    CEO, Taylor Wimpey plc
Building a stronger, more resilient business
Thank you, Chris. I just want to take a f ew moments to remind you of what we set out at the
investor and analyst day and do not worry, I am not going to repeat it ad nauseum. I just
wanted to remind you at a very high level of our f ocus. It is worth repeating that our clear
f ocus is on building a stronger and more resilient business and that there are f our
cornerstones of value which are key to delivering shareholder value and returns: land,
operational excellence, sustainability and capital allocation, which going f orward you will hear
f rom us time and time again. Our f inancial targets are simple. 21-22% operating margin and
return on net operating assets of 30%. I did say I would not linger too long.

Operational KPIs
The whole business is very f ocused on these KPIs, and we have simplif ied and aligned them
with the cornerstones.    Again, it is back to simplif ication and driving value where it matters.
Some of the KPIs, f or example employee engagement and carbon reduction, are only annual
measures so going f orward this will be the last time that you will see these at half -year.
Instead, we will give you an update at each f ull year. I will not dwell on the detail, but I will
highlight just a couple of things I think you will be interested in.     Land as a percentage of
selling price has increased.   This is not a surprise. The market, as I have mentioned quite a
f ew times over the last year, is more competitive and there are a smaller number of pull-


                                                                                                  7
Half Year Results 2022                                                 Wednesday, 3 August 2022


through plots in the period f rom strategic land. However, it also ref lects the locational quality
of the acquisitions, a higher proportion of smaller site sizes and more advanced planning
provenance, which obviously reduces risk in absolute terms but also the risk of planning
delay, which is as I have indicated previously a continuing challenge f or the sector. All that
being said the acquisitions continue to support our margin target. Our f ocus on health and
saf ety is consistent and why we perf orm well ahead of industry. We are continuously striving
to drive down injury rates as much as possible.        Build quality is important f or the customer
proposition but it is also more ef f icient to get things right f irst time and I am very pleased
that we remain the leader in the sector on construction quality.

House type range
I spoke to you about our new house type range last year at the 2020 f ull year results when
they were just computer graphics.       In a moment I will show you a step on f rom this with a
video f lythrough but the message you will hear is the same. As a reminder the objective was
to produce a customer-f ocused range of houses with great kerb appeal and liveability and that
provides us with an ef f icient tool to buy land and gain planning consents, while being simple,
cost ef f ective and saf e to build.   The f irst homes sold; I can now conf idently say that the
range is delivering on all f ronts. The range was developed with the new regulations in mind,
which will help us ease through transition, so we are in a good place.            The new range
supports the principles of simplif ication, standardisation, yields greater ef f iciency, increases
the uptake of the national sales and technical specif ications and maximises the benef it of our
central procurement processes.

The range comprises a core of 28 new homes, and you can see how that compares to over
100 back in 2017.     This very ef f icient range provides us now with the resource ability to
introduce a small number of additional house types such as a small urban range which will
support our competitiveness f or denser urban and brownf ield sites.       As a reminder, we sold
the f irst new house types this year. These are available f or plotting across the business and
will be on the majority of our sites by 2025, ref lecting planning progression.

You may have seen ref erence in this morning’s statement to a current position regarding the
Standard Assessment Procedure, SAP, which is the methodology provided by Government to
assess and compare energy and environmental perf ormance of homes.                The new Part L
regulations came into f orce on        15th   June this year, however the sector continues to
experience issues with the new SAP sof tware, and we remain unable to conclude our f uture
specif ications until these are resolved.      It is increasingly important that these issues are
corrected, and the complete and accurate SAP modelling sof tware published by Government
to ensure that the sector is prepared prior to the end of the transitional period in June 2023
to enable the industry to model new sites.

We continue to support the Future Homes Hub and engage with government to address this.
In terms of preparing f or Future Homes we will beginning construction of pilot homes later
this year and these will provide us with invaluable insights into the best technology solutions
f or net zero homes and well ahead of the introduction of the Future Homes Standard in 2024
in Scotland and 2025 in England and Wales.

Finally on this slide, I know there is quite a lot of inf ormation here, you will see a table f rom
DLUHC.    It was published only last week, showing what we already know to be the case.



                                                                                                 8
Half Year Results 2022                                                  Wednesday, 3 August 2022


When considering the average cost of energy per home new build is signif icantly less
compared to the existing housing stock.       Whilst we have ref erred to it previously based on
anecdotal evidence, the data f rom our customer research I ref erred to earlier now conf irms
that the cost-of -living crisis and energy costs are causing some customers to re-evaluate that
balance of benef its such as energy ef f iciency and maintenance costs in f avour of new build.

Tetford flythrough
I would like to show you a f lythrough of the Tetf ord home f rom our new range. It is just over
1,000 square f eet net sales area and it meets the space and accessibility standards of the
majority of the new homes that we have created. Customer research describes this home as
an entertainer and customers particularly liked the separate but connected use of double
doors and the open plan wow f actor. Hopef ully as the video plays, I will just call out some of
the f eatures f or you.   You will see additional light and space in these homes with more open
plan living.   We have used those in between spaces, the liminal spaces, f or desks and
workspace to provide f lexibility to work f rom home, even in our smaller homes. The kitchen,
being the prime living space f or many of our customers, has been enhanced by removing
laundry, increasing attractiveness and useability of the living space. This has been a f eature
in a number of our larger homes f or a long time, but the new range extends this principle to
all homes no matter how small. You will see through the video various examples of how we
have used previous dead space such as below stairs built-in storage.

To reiterate, as well as a customer-f acing design f eature in the range it has also been
designed to be cost ef f ective and ef f icient to build. It is more concise , less complex and with
designed-in external options to ensure that there is less need f or bespoke non-standard house
types to be plotted.      Unf ortunately, we did not get the chance to show you around our
prototypes given the pandemic restrictions that operated at the tim e and bef ore they were
successf ully sold.   However, we do hope later in the year to get some of you out on site to
have a look at the new house types.

Land market
We spoke about this in May in some detail, so it is not going to be surprising to you to hear
me reiterating that it is very competitive. That is not to say that there ar e not opportunities
to be had but we are certainly seeing the benef it of having built a long land position and have
an excellent strategic land pipeline, which becomes a clear competitive advantage in a market
like this.   We remain active in the market which is important but with the strength of our
landbank we have some inbuilt protection and the benef it of being selective. On the planning
side it continues to be very f rustrating, and our teams are really working hard to get their
sites through.    You will remember me telling you that this now extends to all areas of
planning, not just the initial planning decision and it is clear that it will take some time f or this
to be resolved.

The more recent issue is the increase in the number of planning authorities impacted by
nutrient neutrality f ollowing the Natural England announcement in March of this year, which
extended the areas af f ected. HBF data indicates that this now af f ects 74 authorities and up to
120,000 potential homes across England. This has the potential to cause delays to site starts
and could af f ect up to 1,500 owned Taylor Wimpey plots expected f or completion in the next
f ive years. This restriction is also impacting land availability in the af f ected areas, but we are
actively engaged with Government, local authorities and other stakeholders seeking a


                                                                                                    9
Half Year Results 2022                                                 Wednesday, 3 August 2022


resolution. Overall, there is no doubt that it is a dif f icult backdrop, but we are very pleased to
have ended the half -year with a higher number of outlets and remain on track to incr ease
outlet numbers at the end of this year.

Current land market backdrop
I always like to give you some ref erence data and this chart f rom Savills shows you what has
been going on with land values. If you look at the purple line, which is probably f or some of
you a black line, you can see that pricing f or UK greenf ield land has stepped up. According to
Savills UK greenf ield land values increased in quarter two 2022 by 2.2% taking annual growth
to 9.9% with UK greenf ield values now only 1% below their 2007-2008 peak. These f igures
demonstrate the competitiveness of the market now and really under lines, I believe, the
quality of the acquisitions we undertook in 2020 and early 2021 in particular when compared
to today’s market.

Strong planning status of completions
Having talked about the very dif f icult planning environment I hope that the next two slides
will give you comf ort on the visibility that we have on our volume delivery. You can see that
the extra land we have acquired since 2020 and the excellent work of our teams means that
despite the dif f iculties, we have capacity to deliver outlet-led growth subject to stable market
conditions, with planning well-advanced on our sites f or 2022 and 2023.        You can see here
the progress we made on the 2023 planned completions since the f ull year with 99% of plots
already with planning.     I am particularly pleased that we have advanced our owned with
planning plots to 80% f rom 61% at the time of the f ull-year reporting.

On track to deliver growth
On this slide you will see that we have good visibility with all of our outlets f or 2022 owned
and controlled.   We have started work on 24 outlets due to open in the second half of this
year and 93% of our new outlets f or the f irst half of 2023 are already owne d or controlled.
We remain f ocused on opening new outlets late this year and just to stress we mean really
late this year, November and December, to deliver on growth in 2023. Locational quality has
and continues to be a key investment criteria f or Taylor Wimpey and so our outlets coming on
stream are in quality locations supported by strong demographics.         We are conf ident about
their underlying resilience.

Summary
Then on the f inal slide this morning in summary we are in a really good place and our
disciplined f ocus on building a stronger and more resilient business positions us very well.
Whilst the housing market has continued to perf orm well amid wider macro uncertainty and
the f undamentals are strong, we are not complacent.        We are monitoring the data and the
environment very closely.      We will continue to prioritise margin over volume growth and on
delivering outstanding homes and service f rom our quality locations. We have clear levers to
pull should it be necessary, and we have the agility and ability to act swif tly should there be a
market change.       We are very clear in all market conditions that we can continue to drive
perf ormance and our f ocus on building a stronger and more resilient business.         We remain
conf ident in our ability to deliver superior returns through our sector-leading landbank and
enhanced value through sharper operational f ocus.           Thank you f or your attention this
morning. Chris and I are now happy to take your questions.



                                                                                                 10
Half Year Results 2022                                                Wednesday, 3 August 2022



                                               Q&A

Will Jones (Redburn): Thanks, three please. The f irst around outlets, lots of helpf ul data in
the pack but would you be willing to put a view on where you see that year -end position
potentially f inishing and maybe even a view as to how that might sit in June of next year on
the base case? Linked to that, on the slide around the planning status I think it is about 88%
of outlets f or next year that have got detailed planning. Would that be a normal percentage
at this time of year f or looking into the year ahead?     The second one was then about land
buying, that 21% plot cost on approvals versus I think 16% as an average f or last year.
Dif f erent things going on there, but would you be willing to put a view on how much of that is
mix f actors as opposed to underlying margin pressure?          The last one was around pric e.
Clearly lots of f ocus in the business around that this year. Do you think again as a base case
you might be able to edge prices higher through the second half or is it more about def ending
what you have done? Thanks.

Jennie Daly: Okay. Thank you. That was f our by my count. I will come back to you Chris
on the outlets if you do not mind. In terms of 88% of outlets with approval f or next year, it
can be variable, but I think that in recent years that is a really strong position and particularly
the comf ort that I want to give you is you will have heard lots of f rustrations in the planning
system, and we are in a very good place compared to many.              I am very happy with the
position that we are in.

On land buying we have indicated that it has been quite competitive. There is def initely quite
a bit of geographical mix in that. There has been less acquisition in the north of the business
in the period and I would f lag that low level of strategic land pull-through which has quite an
ef f ect on the levels. We come at the acquisitions on a site-by-site basis, and I would f lag too
that the site size mix is more weighted towards smaller sites in this half than we have seen
previously.   The underlying land cost as a percentage of ASP of owned land in the landbank
remains very low at 14.3%.

On price the business is very f ocused on price, and we have seen incrementally month-on-
month, May, June, July continuing price momentum.         We will continue with that strategy but
very aware of the wider market and reading the data closely, Will.          Chris, can I pass the
outlet question to you please?

Chris Carney: Yes, obviously average outlets f or last year 2021 were 225. We started this
year with 228.    In January and again in March I said that we were expecting them to be
pretty f lat up to the half -year.   We closed the half at 233 and at week 30 we are sitting at
229.   We are continuing to make very decent progress navigating the various planning
challenges that we f ace, and we still expect to show outlet growth in half two with that growth
coming right at the end of the year. Am I going to give you a number, Will? No.

Sam Cullen (Peel Hunt): I have got three also.          You helpf ully gave your margin bridge.
Assuming that things remain stable, how should we think about that bridge f or next year? I
am guessing the net economic benef it captured at the 0.6 that you saw in the f irst half of this
year that will probably close in 2023 as the delta between sales price and build cost inf lation
probably closes relative to where it has been in the f irst half of this year at least. Whether
some of those one-of f s around land and JVs might repeat and help you next year or whether
they will normalise again. That would be helpf ul. Secondly on the SAP point you mentioned,


                                                                                                11
Half Year Results 2022                                                Wednesday, 3 August 2022


Jennie, what happens if that is not f ixed in the next 10, 12, 16 weeks? What is the runway
you have got and what happens if it does not come through?           Then the last one I think the
chart on page 20 you helpf ully pull out the dif f erent energy costs. Obviously, you know it, the
Government now knows it, do customers know it? Are they willing to pay f or it, as it were?

Jennie Daly: Okay, I will take the last two, Chris, and then I will come back to you on the
margin bridge.       On SAP it is a really good question and we have been engaged with
Government to try and resolve the issues. At this point we are f unnelling down the priorities.
For volume homebuilders that are delivering high volumes asking Government of f icials to
concentrate on the elements that go to our repeatability.        I think that there is reasonable
prospect that we will resolve this by the end of September.            It would still leave some
specialist areas that I think would still have some issues and that creates a problem. Less f or
Taylor Wimpey and our house type range but f or those who are in the more specialist end of
the market. The reason that I f lag it is that this is the concern that we have with this plot-by-
plot transition.    It does require all parties to be understanding the criticality of the change.
Historically with a site-by-site transition if there had been a little bit of slippage it would not
have been as critical as it is now, where we really must have the f ully verif ied SAP models as
soon as possible.

Obviously, the level of concern around energy costs in the last six months and the last three
or f our months in particular have increased the level of inquisitiveness and concern that
customers have. They are asking f or more inf ormation around energy ef f iciency. As I said,
f rom the customer research that we did it really did stand out.      We f elt that that has been
coming f or a while but the customer research which was in the f ield a nd over the last f ew
months indicates that it really has gone up the customers’ list of priorities.      Whether they
would pay more, we have always taken the costs of energy ef f iciency Part L and F as a cost to
land. You will know that we have been embedding that in our land acquisitions. If there was
a benef it, whether it is green mortgages or in af f ordability calculations, then that would be
very, very positive. Chris, to the margin bridge.

Chris Carney: Sam, the margin bridge that I presented back in March that bridges to the 21-
22% range is still our view of the path to get there.      That included three components. The
f irst was the ef f iciency benef it associated with higher volumes and that was the largest
component of the bridge. We have reiterated today that we remain on track to grow outlets
and obviously if the market remains stable that will position us f or that growth.       Landbank
evolution also makes a contribution and actually you see some of that in this period’s rec.
then there were other operational improvements. Things like the new house type range that
Jennie’s talked about and also the implementation of the new Microsof t Dynamic CRM system
which is now f ully rolled out.    Those are the things that will get you to the level, all things
being equal.

Charlie Campbell (Liberum): Thanks very much, a couple of questions please. Jennie, you
mentioned when you are talking about transitional support f or people on Help to Buy.             I
wondered what you meant by that particularly and I suppose a broader question really about
Deposit Unlock and how well you think that might work going f orward.            Then the second
related issue is mortgage lenders have seemingly changed their attitudes towards new build.
I wondered how widespread that is, whether more lenders will change policies as well and
generally how supportive mortgage availability is.


                                                                                                12
Half Year Results 2022                                                 Wednesday, 3 August 2022


Jennie Daly: Okay, thank you f or that.       My ref erence to the transition support around Help
to Buy was more in respect of the length and quality of the order book so that gives us just a
little bit of runway should there be any negative impacts f rom the unwind of Help to Buy. On
the positive and very pleasingly f rom the inf ormation that we are getting f rom the IFAs is that
f irst-time buyers are f unding deposits f rom savings and those savings are signif icant at the
moment.       Deposit Unlock was designed to support the sector on the unwind of Help to Buy
and obviously Taylor Wimpey has been involved in that.              We have had Deposit Unlock
available f or some time. Actually, uptake at the moment is really very low and I would stress
the very low.      I think that indicates the quality of the of f ers that are available f rom the
lenders in the wider market.     However, it is there, and it will be a usef ul tool in our toolkit
should it be necessary.

That f inal point on the attitude of lenders to new build, it is really positive f or them to now see
those benef its, maintenance costs and more energy ef f iciency. Obviously, the introduction of
the EPC threshold f or rental properties around 2026 and transitioning into 2027 is f actoring
there as well. From a lending point of view knowing that those homes are f it f or the f uture as
opposed to needing a retrof it it is very pleasing to see lenders recognising that. Thank you.

Ami Galla (Citigroup): Three questions f rom me.         The f irst one on build cost inf lation that
you have guided at this stage, I am wondering if you can give us some colour as to the tenure
over which it has been f ixed f or.    What sort of visibility do we have of that 9-10% at this
stage?      The second one on the land market, given the sort of pressures around pricing and
costs over the next 12-24 months f or that matter, are you planning to increase your hurdle
rates on land as you go f orward in 2023? The third one, in terms of the potential buyers that
are coming to your sites, are you seeing more requests f or part exchange or some sort of
incentives moving f orward?

Jennie Daly: Okay.       On the part exchange, no signif icant movement so no, the sales teams
are not relying on part exchange at all.     It is at a very low level.   On the land market and
pricing in cost, we assess our land acquisition on current costs, c urrent sales prices. Not all of
our competitors are perhaps as up to speed on build cost movements as we would be through
the processes and communication that we have got in the business but that is our behaviour.
Current price and movements in price will be f actored in.

Around run rate on land acquisitions, we have indicated that we are in a really strong
position.    We are being selective about the sites that we are acquiring. We are looking at it
neutrally as replacement level, but it really then does depend on the quality.         We have the
benef it of that longer landbank so that we can be selective and make the right decisions f or
the right reasons.

Then on build cost inf lation, Chris, do you want to tackle that?

Chris Carney: Yes. In a more normal market, it would be a perf ectly reasonable question in
the context that when we agree prices with our suppliers then in a normal market they tend
to go to the duration of the contract.     What we have seen in recent times is that they are
coming back to us because their input costs are changing in such a rapid way. I do not really
want to have a crystal ball and give you an answer because things are changing. Steel prices
are ones that we talk about along with timber quite a lot over the last couple of years. They
dropped towards the end of last year.        They peaked again with the Russian sanctions and



                                                                                                  13
Half Year Results 2022                                                 Wednesday, 3 August 2022


then they have dropped of f again. Who knows what is going to happen to those as gas costs
increase in the second half .      Then with timber it has been very volatile, and prices increased
quite a lot in the second half of last year, sof tened since then and the indications are that
there might be a little bit of continued sof tening going f orward.       But, it is very hard to call
that. When you have to look at each one of the inputs it is a f airly complicated assessment to
make f or each one and then you have got to add them all up together. That is why I am not
inclined to give you a number, I am af raid, Ami.

Marcus Cole (UBS): Hi, I was wondering if you could give us some colour on the H1 intake
margin at all.   Then can you remind us what the margin dif f erential is between the new and
existing housing ranges? Thanks.

Jennie Daly: In terms of intake margin, I reconf irm that the opportunities that we have
given approval to are supportive of our margin targets.         In respect of the new house type
range f rom a design perspective we have never relied on improved revenues, Marcus.               We
would always take the view that that is a positive additional benef it. I believe that these are
attractive homes with strong kerb appeal addressing what customers want in modern living.
The customer f eedback f rom the prototypes has been really very encouraging.              On a build
cost perspective, we said cost ef f ective we would expect some benef it f rom the simplicity of
some of the build as well. We are now in the thick of tendering the new house type range on
a more signif icant level and that is something that we can come back to maybe at f ull year.

Gregor Kuglitsch (UBS): Thanks, maybe quickly on the volumes and the sites, I am trying
to get a picture of if the market holds and everything is f ine what are you actually gunning f or
in terms of volume growth next year? I am looking at your site numbers that you gave that
are pretty low-single digit.    The sales rate obviously dropped of f .     I think that is a bit of a
supply issue.    If perhaps the sales rate normalises, what are we actually looking at here in
terms of the potential volume growth assuming the macro is where it is today?

Jennie Daly: I think that is pitched at you, Chris.

Chris Carney: Okay.       Our expectations f or 2023, Gregor, have not changed.             I am not
expecting you to change your number at the moment. I think we just need to see how things
pan out through the second half of the year .         The normal routine in any case is f or us to
provide an update at the end of the year and that is obviously what we will do.

Rajesh Patki (JP Morgan): The f irst one is just a clarif ication, Chris.          I think you have
commented on the af f ordable ASP.        If you can just catch us up on that again. The second
one is just the moving parts in terms of the second half cashf low.          What would be the key
moving parts apart f rom the interim dividend payment in November? Thank you.

Chris Carney: Yes, the clarif ication, the increase in the af f ordable ASP in the f irst half was
weighting af f ordable completions towards the south.       It was heavily mix related.     Hopef ully
that answers the f irst question.     Then cash, we have not changed our guidance f or cash f or
the f ull year, at £600 million.    Net planned spend within that is around about £1 billion. We
have obviously got extra WIP associated with those increasing outlets, and I have said bef ore
that we are targeting to try and get to £1.7 billion by the end of the year and that is still the
target. There are no additional pension def icit contributions because you can see that we are
in surplus and that is in the slides.     The payments on exceptional provisions I am currently
estimating around about £90 million f or the year.


                                                                                                   14
Half Year Results 2022                                               Wednesday, 3 August 2022


Jennie Daly: Okay, I think if we are all done f or questions thank you again f or coming out
this morning.   Hopef ully you have heard that these have been excellent results which Chris
and I have been delighted to deliver, positioning us really well f or the second half of the year.
We look f orward to speaking to you later in the year. Thank you.

[END OF TRANSCRIPT]




                                                                                               15
