Half Year Results 2021




   Wednesday, 4th August 2021
Half Year Results 2021                                              Wednesday, 4th August 2021




                    Introduction and UK operational overview
                                          Pete Redfern
                             Chief Executive, Taylor Wimpey plc
Thank you, everybody, for joining us.      If I just give you a quick overview of what we are
going to cover today, my section will probably be a little shorter than usual to give time to
hear from Ingrid, who runs our London and South East division.          Ingrid will also cover an
update on our environmental strategy, which she has been working on, and also an update on
some of our employee measures. Chris will then go on to his normal financial review, and I
will sum up with priorities and outlook at the end.

Moving on to my first slide proper the half one overview, I will probably spend a fraction
longer on this slide than usual and touch on more of the statistics. We think it is a great first
half performance. You can see us prioritising margin growth. You will see us talk about –
and I will particularly focus on towards the end – our focus on outlet-led growth from 2023
onwards.

You can see the margin performance. We will talk through the presentation about what we
have seen on selling price and costs a little.     I do not think the underlying dynamics will
surprise you, but obviously our company-specific position on that is important. We are seeing
selling price inflation fully offsetting upward pressure on build costs. I would say if you look
at it today there is probably net upside there, but I think it is important just to be cautious, as
we look ahead, about the balance that we expect it to continue to at least offset. However,
obviously, the two dynamics do not always move exactly in line, quarter by quarter, even if
they are quite closely linked.

Picking up on some of the facts and updating on land approvals, in the year to 4th July we
approved 32,000 plots. That is roughly twice our normal completion run rate at the moment
or a bit more. If I look back through the period of post equity raise and included the last few
weeks of the previous period, which obviously was a period of peak approvals, we are at
about 36,000-37,000 plots approved since we re-entered the land market ahead of our peers.

The operating profit margin in the first half was 19.3%, as I say, we are particularly pleased
with, but also some of the underlying measures.         At 92%, we are solidly in the five-star
category on customer service.

A measure that we believe continues to be underreported and discussed: our construction
quality review score has again shown a step forward with four years of improvement.            We
think that is a good way of measuring our underlying construction quality, which will impact
both on future customer service performance, our customers’ own satisfaction with their
homes and also our own cost base and control going forward, so we think it is particularly
important.

Moving on to the first half market backdrop slide, I will not pick up every point on this
particular slide.   But, looking at the customer and the market together, overall, we think
continued strong demand across all regions. We have seen some normalisation in what were
pretty extreme conditions in the first half.   Over the last few weeks, we continue to see a
pretty good performance, and we will talk through the stats. I think what will be unusual at


                                                                                                 2
Half Year Results 2021                                              Wednesday, 4th August 2021


the moment, if you talk to any one of our regional heads, they would say the market today in
July/August 2021 is materially better still than it was in 2018 and 2019. Although we are not
quite in the extreme conditions for the first half in terms of forward interest, it remains at an
elevated level and we remain very positive about the market conditions.         As we have said
many times, we connect that more with low interest rates, decent mortgage availability and a
strong level of real demand from people who want to change their life and move on into a
new home, rather than just the shorter-term measures.

We say on a couple of the slides, and I will try and only repeat it once: we are continuing to
see very good reservation rates and customer interest for a period that is beyond any of the
stamp duty windows.      We have not seen, through any of the changes in stamp duty, any
material downward shift so do not see that as a particularly meaningful risk.

On the regulatory side, clearly still a lot is still going on. Again, I will not comment on all of
these elements. I think on the Building Safety Bill, we do not see it affecting our cost base
going forward materially. Things like that, we will focus on the Construction Quality Review,
for instance. We think puts us in a strong place; and things around our focus on a Taylor
Wimpey standard makes it easier for us to sort of adapt to a world with the new Homes
Ombudsman particularly.

On the cladding provision, I would just reiterate that we are very confident that the provision
we have made is enough for us to do the work that we believe is right for our customers. We
are the only major developer that has told our customers that we will do any necessary
capital work to bring sort of historic blocks of apartments up to current EWS1 standards. I
would say more recent announcements, since we provided that provision in February, have
been positive and are more likely to reduce that scope slightly rather than to grow it. We
remain very confident that we are in the right place, both financially on that position, and
more importantly in terms of doing the right thing for our customers.

On the CMA leasehold process, difficult to comment. There is not a new conversation there.
It is issues that we have talked about in the past, but it is difficult to comment on an ongoing
process.

On land, I will come back to this in my second section.           I think we do see increased
competition in the land market the first half of this year and are very pleased with the
number of sites that we have acquired over the last 12-15 months.

Moving on to the market performance slide, I think almost inevitably everybody’s eyes will go
straight to the left-hand side. We have continued to see a strong sales rate, a very normal
cancellation rate – normalised from early on this year and it remains very stable.

I think it is worth picking up a couple of the sort of bullet points in particular. That shift in
Help to Buy level in the first half, only 27% of completions, roughly half of it was in the first
half of last year.   The first half of last year elevated, so 45% perhaps might be a more
normalised number, but still running well below what we have seen in any year of Help to
Buy.   A big chunk of that is because of transition from Scheme 1 to Scheme 2.          We have
obviously navigated that with a long order book without any impact on completion
performance, but I do think there is also an element of it which is to do with the strength of
the second-hand market, which I do believe is likely to continue into the medium term,
meaning that we are slightly less dependent on Help to Buy going forward than we have


                                                                                                3
Half Year Results 2021                                              Wednesday, 4th August 2021


them, although I am sure 27% will be a low point.           But, it gives me a little bit more
confidence as we look ahead to 2023 and beyond.

I think also worth highlighting, as of today we are about 99% forward sold for completion for
this year. That obviously gives us a high degree of confidence in this year’s performance as
we look forward. We would normally expect to get to that point late September.

Moving on to some forward-looking indicators on sales, you can see it is not a huge shift. If
you look at the red line on appointments, you can see a strong first quarter and then
normalising. If you compare that the last few weeks to the early period of 2020 before the
pandemic hit, you can see that we are still running above that more normal level, and that
first eight or nine weeks of 2020 would be a reasonable reflection of the level through 2017,
2018, 2019.

From a customer point of view, we have been doing a lot of work on our digital sales
processes. We have learnt a lot over the last year. We felt we had the IT systems support
and the staff who were quick to adapt to selling remotely and digitally, but we have been very
focused on not losing that benefit both in terms of flexibility for our teams, flexibility for our
customers, efficiency for the business.    We have just launched, over the last few weeks, a
new customer-facing website with significantly improved development placings of plot listings,
a totally re-energised search function, a very different user experience. It also ties in, which
Chris might touch on, to the internal systems that we have on the CRM side.           It gives us
significantly better data segments to understand our customer base and enables us to make
sales prices far more scientific and far more efficient at the same time.

I will pause there and hand over to Ingrid and then, as I said, at the end I will come back and
cover our priorities and the outlook. Ingrid.




   London and South East overview, Environment and Social Update

                                        Ingrid Osborne
                Divisional Chair London & South East, Taylor Wimpey plc
Thanks, Pete. Good morning, everyone. My name is Ingrid Osborne. I am Divisional Chair
for London and the South East.       I have held that post for a little over three years now,
previous to which I was the Divisional Managing Director for Central and East London, and
before that the Managing Director of Central London for almost seven years. In total, I have
been with the company for just shy of 20 years, having originally joined George Wimpey’s
graduate trainee scheme.

During my section of the presentation today, I am going to provide you some detail on the
London and South East division and also give you a brief update on our environment and
social strategy, with a particular insight into our recent employee survey.

Moving on to the first slide, the map on the left there gives you a sense of the operating area
and how it is divided. We operate from five business units covering Inner London, Greater
London and the wider South East. They are a mixture of growing businesses, well-established
mature businesses. Putting out a few points for context for you, our product is roughly 70%
housing and 30% apartments across the patch. The proportion of completion from Greater


                                                                                                4
Half Year Results 2021                                              Wednesday, 4th August 2021


London is between 15-25% across the medium-term outlook. To split that down a bit further
into Outer and Inner London, we currently have only one large active outlet in Zone 1, being
our Postmark scheme, which is the old post office site located between Kings Cross and
Farringdon.

In Q4 last year, we undertook an overhead review across the division, which is now complete
and embedded.      We rationalised our structure as a result of that review and created TW
London from the operations which were previously based in East London and Central London.
This is working well, and we are definitely seeing the benefit of combined skill sets across our
teams alongside greater efficiencies.

If I move on to the next slide, again I will highlight a few key notable areas from this slide for
you. We have had a strong first half assisted, to some extent, by the Q4 2020 hangover, but
also from a real focus from our teams on smoothing.           We are currently operating from
43 outlets, and all the teams are extremely focused on driving the engine room processes to
get new outlets open on time and on budget. It has been a busy year for us in that respect.
We have already opened 14 outlets in the first half, and we are on track to open another
19 outlets in the second half.

Our operating margin is, of course, another key focus, now starting to normalise from last
year with all the teams working hard, with a key focus on cost management and price
optimisation to drive this higher. You can see from the slide that our sales rate shows the
market has been very strong at one a week, year to date, as per our budget, with a
comparatively low cancellation rate this year at 13%. As you would expect, we have very live
discussions across all our outlets regularly to focus on the balance between price and rate.

Our order book is strong at £588 million. We are 94% sold for the year and continue to see
strong momentum going into next year.          We have not seen any material change in the
market as a result of either the change in Help to Buy caps, nor the end of the SDLT holiday,
with inquiry levels remaining high and appointment levels actually the highest this week since
week 19. 65% of the value of our order book is post the final removal of the stamp duty
holiday at the end of September, demonstrating resilience of the market.

Pleasingly, both our eight-week and nine-month customer satisfaction scores are trending
upwards, and both the teams and I have been especially pleased with the improvement in our
construction quality review score, which you can see by the green line on the graph currently
standing at 4.5.

If I continue on to the following slide, I thought it would be useful to provide a bit more
insight for you into the London and South East sales market. It is certainly something which I
often get asked about, and as you would imagine, we have been keeping a very close eye on
what is happening and whether or not we see any shift in buyer behaviour moving out of
London.

On the ground, we are not seeing that fundamental shift.        I think that the idea of the de-
urbanisation is somewhat oversimplified.       In fact, buyer considerations on space, on life
stage, on lifestyle and so on are not particularly different to what they have always been. In
fact, sales rates year to date from our three largest Greater London schemes are higher than
our overall divisional sales rates.     For example, our Chobham Manor scheme in Stratford
stands at over two, year to date; our Greenwich Millennium village scheme is just shy of two,


                                                                                                5
Half Year Results 2021                                              Wednesday, 4th August 2021


year to date; and our Wick Lane scheme in Hackney is at 1.25, year to date, but is trending
to two in the last four weeks.

The notable attraction of these schemes is proximity to open space.        Chobham Manor sits
directly next to the Olympic Park, and having visited only a couple of weeks ago, I have really
noticed how much the park is maturing with great examples of well executed wildflower
planting alongside lots of play areas and amenities.

Greenwich is the same.     The Ecology Park in the middle of the most recent phase is often
quoted as a big attraction, and speaking to customers who live there, they really enjoy the
walk along the river to the O2 Centre and the transport facilities. Speaking to some of our
sales executives, they told me that in fact a number of customers have relayed their
appreciation for being so close to essential facilities during lockdown.

Likewise, at Wick Lane, our London teams tell me that the buyers priced out of Chobham are
prepared to walk that bit further to get to the Olympic Park and the Westfield Centre it is
around a ten to 15-minute walk for a lower price point, whilst still being close to what they
see as a more emerging neighbourhood with price growth, proximity to the station and some
funky pubs alongside the river there.

For me, I do think our customers are more interested than they have ever been in open space
and also amenities, but I do not think that this means a decision between urban areas and
non-urban areas, because the two are not mutually exclusive. Our customers are showing us,
with their ongoing purchasing behaviour, that the popularity of London living is enduring.

We are, of course, though, conscious of other buyer priorities that we hear. Our customers
regularly ask about homeworking options and especially connectivity; so, this is, of course,
very high on our agenda.

I should also note that the Inner London market is different again, being much more
investor-focused. Here we have seen slower rates, but certainly not stopped. Our London
scheme at Postmark on release is over 50% sold; and in fact over the last few weeks, we
have really started to see increased interest and secured a number of deals.

Anecdotally, the return of the universities to something more like normal is driving this
renewed interest, and rentals at Postmark are extremely popular for overseas students. This,
coupled with the current undersupply in Inner London, suggests positive prospects going
forward for well located quality schemes like Postmark.

If I turn now to the land market on the next slide, the divisional teams have been very active
in the past 12-15 months, and I have been extremely pleased with the performance, which
sets us up strongly for the medium term across a broad range of really excellent sites. We
have approved 7,700 plots in the division, 94% of which are under contract already, investing
over $500 million.   We have visibility of a strong pipeline of deals still coming through the
system, around 2,000 plots close to £2 million.

I have been involved in land throughout my career at TW, and I can honestly say that the
number and calibre of sites that we have been able to acquire, before the current competitive
tightening of the market, is really very significant. We were able to stay active in the market
when our competitors were either absent or not performing, and that was a big advantage to
us at the time.    But, just as importantly, I think it enabled us to build a reputation for


                                                                                             6
Half Year Results 2021                                              Wednesday, 4th August 2021


professionalism and reliability, which has stayed with us and given us a stronger position in a
more competitive market.

We are very selective about where we spend our time, and our current position means we can
afford to continue this approach into the future and retain attractive KPI. At the same time,
the teams work extremely hard with local authorities and communities, getting planning
through the system, getting ready to start on site and get our outlets open.

The next slide gives you a couple of examples of the sites we have secured, so the first one at
the top is Gilston Village at Harlow. That is a very large site that we will share between two
of our businesses. We secured that above standard benchmark rates, and our activity in that
respect enabled us to secure this off-market and provides us with an excellent backbone site
that we intend to open by the end of 2023.

The second scheme at the bottom there is in Hassocks, again a lovely scheme: 500 units
about seven miles north of Brighton; has planning, so a relatively low-risk site. We secured
that as a result of one of our competitors failing to perform, and we are currently on track to
get that outlet open early in 2023 as planned.

I would like to turn out our environment strategy, a key part of the sustainability of the
business, of course, and I have really enjoyed working with the team on this topic over the
past 18 months.

We are very proud of what we have already been doing in this space, having recently been
included in the Financial Times inaugural list of Europe’s Climate Leaders. But, that said, with
our drive to continuously improve, earlier in the year we launched our new strategy, which
focuses on the three key pillars you can see here: carbon reduction; nature; and waste and
resources. We wanted the strategy to be clear and easy to understand, but at the same time
have challenging and clear targets with which to measure ourselves.

The rollout across the business has progressed well with internal training having been
provided, and ongoing masterclass sessions happening across the business now.            We have
also launched a business unit innovation grants initiative to encourage good ideas and sharing
of best practice.

On carbon reduction, we have now committed to science-based targets.                These are an
externally calculated and assessed measure of what we should be doing in order to play our
part in achieving the ambitious aims of the Paris climate change agreement, which is to keep
global warming at less than 1.5 degrees. We have a number of plans afoot, as you would
imagine, to achieve these targets.

On nature, we are committed to increasing natural habitats and are working with Buglife and
Hedgehog Street, for example, to make our properties more wildlife-friendly.              We are
implementing bug hotels, bee bricks and hedgehog highways across appropriate sites already
this year.     Buglife are championing the B-Lines, which they describe as a transport
infrastructure across the UK for insects, which is a great phrase, and we are working with
them to identify the sites that we control, which sit on the B-Lines, in order to join in with this
fantastic initiative.

On waste and resources, we continue our focus on protecting the environment and improving
efficiency with a number of trials underway and a commitment to working closely with


                                                                                                 7
Half Year Results 2021                                               Wednesday, 4th August 2021


partners and supply chain to do more. We are really proud of what we are doing, and teams
continue to embrace the challenge.

And to bring some of this to life for you, I have some examples on the following slides. So
the first one, this is our site at Bordon in Hampshire, which is a joint venture with Dorchester
Group. As you can see, this is an extremely large piece of land, and we sought to make the
most of this opportunity. The slide here gives just a couple of bullets of the types of things
we have achieved, but to note really, I think it has been such a great opportunity to create
new green spaces and encourage active lifestyles. Having visited myself recently, I have to
say it was lovely to see the area being well used and enjoyed by families, by residents and
other members of the community.          In addition, as you will see on one of the bullet points
there, it has been great that the new types of bird sightings have been noted in the area than
have been seen previously.

On the next slide, there are a couple of images there just to show you what a bug hotel looks
like, in case you didn’t know. The top slide there shows you the smaller version of the bug
hotels. There are actually larger versions which can be used on areas of public open space,
but these smaller ones can be used in in gardens and much smaller areas. The pollinators
use the cavities and the tubes you can see in the picture there to nest and lay their eggs.
The bottom image there is just an example of wildflower planting, which we are seeking to
use a lot more readily across a number of our developments.

On the next slide, a couple of examples on carbon reduction. The top scheme there is our
development at Coronation Square in Leyton, which we have actually just got started on.
This will   turn   into a    District   Heating   Network which   will   incorporate neighbouring
developments as well, something that was really important to the local council, Waltham
Forest, who are our joint venture partner on that scheme.

The image at the bottom is our Chobham Manor scheme at Stratford.                    This was a
development where we have constructed townhouses that achieve zero regulated CO2
emissions. In doing that, we have used only on-plot measures which is pretty unusual, and
those images are real so those houses are there, in use and being well used at present.

Turning finally to our social focus, we have been committed to engaging and supporting our
employees, over a number of years now, to build a sustainable culture and an inspiring
working environment.        We are really proud of the results of this recent employee survey,
which we conducted in March. We had a 91% engagement level across the business, which
we thought was excellent given the backdrop of the previous 12-18 months, and
demonstrates the resilience of our workforce. However, that said, we are committed to keep
improving, and I will highlight some of the areas on the slide here which are of particular
importance as we focus on the new post-lockdown normal.

We are unwavering on our commitment to health and safety practices, which is reflected in
the responses here: 96% of our employees believe we take health and safety in the
workplace seriously.

As a business, we understand the importance of creating diverse and inclusive teams, but
most importantly it is about how our employees feel whilst they are at work.            We were
making steady progress here, which is reflected in 96% of our employees seeing employees
from all cultures and backgrounds being respected and valued.               In addition, we were


                                                                                               8
Half Year Results 2021                                             Wednesday, 4th August 2021


particularly pleased with the 96% saying they can be their authentic self at work without a
need to cover identity, and this is something we feel really strongly about that really matters.

We also know we have further to go and this year, we have launched new policies such as the
Menopause Policy.    We have introduced three employee networks: the Menopause Affinity
Group, LGBTQ+ and Working Parents to add to our BAME network. We are in the process of
rolling out Respectful Workplace training to continue to build awareness across the business
of inclusive behaviours.

So finally, with the challenges of the last 18 months as we get used to a new normal, we
remain committed to building the resilience of our employees and particularly focusing on
wellbeing and mental health.      We have set out guidance on our continued commitment to
agile and flexible working.    We continue to offer awareness training for all employees and
Mental Health First Aiders, all of which is reflected in our survey with 93% of employees
knowing how to access support for mental health and wellbeing at work if wanted.

I have to say I have seen some fantastic ideas and participation in my businesses, and I am
really proud of the commitment that our senior teams have to our people, so that we ensure
we attract and retain the very best.

On that important note, I will hand over to Chris.




                             Financial review and guidance

                                         Chris Carney
                           Group Finance Director, Taylor Wimpey plc
Thanks, Ingrid. Good morning, everyone. In keeping with the Olympic vibe, these results are
a record performance for half one revenue and operating profit, reflecting the hard work and
dedication of our team as Ingrid has just touched on.

The operating margin at 19.3% is better than expected, better than the first half of 2019, and
it demonstrates both our ability to control costs and the underlying quality of our land bank.
We are very pleased with the margin performance, and I will provide more detail on that in a
minute.

After deducting the dividend paid in May, the profit generated over the last 12 months has
increased the tangible net asset value per share to £1.13, which is a very healthy
10% increase on this time last year.

The return on net operating assets shown at the bottom of the slide is calculated on a
12-month rolling basis, and it is great to see that recover to 23%. Bear in mind, that return
is after taking into account the drag impact of the continued investment in land to drive
growth in 2023 and beyond.

Looking at the detail of the UK performance, it is no surprise that the record revenues have
been driven by record completion volumes. You will recall this time last year, Pete and I were
very clear about the site closures pushing completions originally intended for Q4 of 2020 into
Q1 of this year, and that is exactly what you are seeing in these numbers.            Affordable
completions are running at 16% in the first half, and our guidance for the full year is


                                                                                               9
Half Year Results 2021                                              Wednesday, 4th August 2021


unchanged at 17%, so a slightly higher mix of affordable in the second half. Close to half of
the 11% increase in average selling price is driven by the lower affordable mix in the period,
compared to the first half of last year when affordable completions made up 23% of the total.

Private average selling price has increased by 6.5% since the same period last year, 3% of
that is price inflation and the balance is mix including a larger share of completions from
grade A quality locations.     The affordable average selling prices also increased due to
improved site quality and a slightly larger average unit size.

This slide shows the main components of the recovery in operating margin compared to the
first half of 2020 and demonstrates why we think this is a sustainable performance and sets
us up for further growth in margin in the future.

The biggest improvements coming from the areas I flagged back in March, which you can see
in the two boxes. The first box includes the reversal of the £39 million of COVID-related costs
booked in the first half of last year and the cost savings captured this year from the
restructuring we undertook at the end of last year.

The second box shows the impact from the return to more normal levels of fixed cost
recovery as volumes have improved. In addition, the margin delivered by completions in the
first half benefited on average from a net market impact of 1% compared to the first half of
2020. Since the start of this year, pressure on build costs has increased due to the strength
of the market and supply constraints, but that pressure is being fully offset by house price
inflation, as Pete mentioned earlier.

Back in March, I set out a bridge to achieving our medium-term 21-22% margin targets. And
I am pleased to confirm that we remain on track with those plans.            The restructuring is
complete and the savings have been realised as planned. Our excellent order book position
at 99% sold for the year is helping underpin selling prices.

The land bank continues to evolve and you can see 50 bps of improvement from that in this
reconciliation. And our strong land investment over the last 12 months puts us in a position
to deliver a step up in volume in 2023. At the prelims, Jennie and I gave you some colour on
our new house type range and CRM system. The roll-out of both are progressing in line with
our expectations.     And our procurement strategy and engagement with suppliers to
understand their product road map is ensuring we set ourselves up to procure products that
are available and whose costs remain as low as possible.

So hopefully that gives you a sense of what is underpinning our confidence in achieving our
medium-term operating margin target of 21% to 22%.

Turning to the balance sheet, I think it really shows how we are setting the business up to
deliver growth over the coming years.       Unsurprisingly, the biggest change to the balance
sheet compared to 12 months ago and something I am very pleased to report is the increase
in land cost of £455 million following the deployment of the proceeds of the equity raise.

Work in progress was artificially high this time last year as a result of the site closures, so the
reduction comes as no surprise, especially given the spread of the first half delivery and
reduction in outlets. WIP per outlet is actually pretty much flat year-on-year.

Now bearing in mind those outlet numbers and the well-publicised constraints on materials
and resources, our expectations for 2022 volumes are unchanged. We are expecting modest


                                                                                                10
Half Year Results 2021                                              Wednesday, 4th August 2021


volume growth in 2022. On top of that, as you know, we are expecting a land investment I
mentioned a minute ago to deliver outlet growth from late 2022, which will in turn deliver
significant volume growth in 2023.

Net cash at the half year was £907 million, which is higher than we have reported in the past,
but I think it is important to avoid looking at cash in isolation. For me it should always be
considered together with land creditors which you will note are also higher due to the
increased land investment. Our philosophy on land creditors is that we do not believe it is
appropriate for them to finance land assets because they have fixed maturities in the short to
medium term.     So we aim to keep adjusted gearing at low levels to ensure we maintain
resilience and financial strength throughout the cycle.

It is also worth remembering that we are still at the relatively early stages of the growth
phase and the pipeline of land approvals is still to be fully reflected on the balance sheet.

Lastly, there is some detail in the appendices on the latest funding agreement with the
pension scheme trustees which was agreed in March, and worth noting that the scheme has a
surplus £51 million at the end of June on a technical provisions basis and £59 million on an
IAS 19 basis.

This slide shows another period of strong cash generation for the Group. The largest outflow
on the slide is land, which is shown net of land recoveries on completions.        The total land
spend in the period amounted to £588 million. You can also see there is a 2020 final ordinary
dividend of £151 million, which was paid in May.

Today, consistent with our ordinary dividend policy, we are declaring an interim dividend for
this year to be paid in November of a further £151 million or 4.14p per year. And this means
we will return to £301 million to shareholders in 2021.

Turning to guidance, we have previously guided UK completions in 2021 to being in a range
from 13,200 to 14,000. And given the performance in the first half, the strength of our order
book and ongoing build, we are now in a position to guide completions to be towards the top
end of that range with half two slightly lower than half one and with 17% of the full year total
being affordable homes.

And as I noted earlier, assuming stable market conditions and no additional disruption to the
supply chain, we are expecting UK completions to show a modest growth in 2022. Given the
strong profit performance in half one, we have upgraded our guidance for full year Group
operating profit including joint ventures to be around £820 million, which is above the top end
of consensus.

As a result of the increase in volume guidance and the strong cash generation today, we have
updated our guidance for the year end net cash to be similar to the end of 2020 at around
£700 million. As ever, that is subject to the timing of land spend. And given the pipeline of
land that we are processing, it is possible net cash could end up a couple of hundred million
less than that, but we will update on that in November. And there were no changes to the
interest and JV guidance.

So the last thing for me to do is remind you, just in case you missed it, that our priority is
getting the operating margin to 21-22% and positioning the business for accelerated outlet-




                                                                                                11
Half Year Results 2021                                                Wednesday, 4th August 2021


driven volumes growth from 2023. We have a plan to do that. The components of that plan
are on track. And the early results are evident in the numbers we are presenting today.

And I think I will hand over to Pete.


                                   Priorities and outlook
                                           Pete Redfern
                               Chief Executive, Taylor Wimpey
Thank you, Chris.     If I move straight onto my first slide which highlights the four key
priorities. And Chris has mentioned the first two and touched on them. And I will spend a bit
longer on them and give you a slightly different perspective.

On the margin focus, the balancing selling price and costs and our focus on growth,
particularly from 2023 onwards. The other two priorities relate to broader measures within
the business our desire to deliver strong and consistent customer service, consistent reliable
right first-time build quality and a great employee experience and our broader social and
governance focus, particularly the environmental strategy.

I would not spend very long on the last two because Ingrid has covered them in some detail.
And then I will talk at the end about how we see the outlook.

So moving on to my first full slide on margin delivery. This obviously has been a big area of
focus for the Group, both internally and externally. We have said several times that we feel
we got the balance of this slightly wrong in 2019. It is not a big shift, but we were probably
3-4% too high on volume and 1.5-2% too lower margin.             And although, the two were not
entirely directly related to the risk obviously there is a relationship.

That changed in May 2019. And although it is obscured by the pandemic, our focus through
the last 18 months has much returned to margin-led, and as Chris put it, and I’m going to
reinforce out-led volume growth. We believe the volume growth creates value and it is the
right thing for us to do from a broader social point of view but actually it has to be balanced in
the right way.

Our cost control focus and systems improvements are in place. And we could really see the
fruits of them in the first half. We were confident as we went through last year that we could
make those changes. We could see the benefits. I think the restructuring we completed in
late 2020 made a difference to our cost base, but most importantly, it just streamlined and
simplified our management routes. So ownership of cost is much clearer within the business.

We believe a long order book and obviously the positive selling environment helps us. With
that long order book let us focus on price optimisation but maintain a very solid sales rates.
The balance of that sales rates will depend on trading conditions.          But we believe that
although 2019 was the peak that is still appropriate to run at a sales rate that tends to be
slightly ahead of the sector, given the quality of our outlets, the fact that we don’t – double
head outlets, so when we are talking about an outlet there is just one Taylor Wimpey located
on that that should for our large sites drive higher numbers.

Just to give you a sense sort of the balance that we have seen on cost and sales, we said that
the cost inflation has been fully offset by sales price. And I touched earlier that I would say


                                                                                               12
Half Year Results 2021                                               Wednesday, 4th August 2021


as of today slightly more than. And I think that is quite important to understand. I think it is
appropriate to be cautious as we look at the balance over the next six months, therefore that
is slightly more than built in contingency against that but we continue to believe that we can
achieve our margins within this environment and are highly confident and I would say more
confident than six months ago given the performance that we have seen.

If I move onto the land. We said, following the equity raise, that we believe that our land
bank will grow by around 10,000 units. The result of equity raise and our investment in land,
that was from a level at that point in time of about 77,000 units. We continued to be very
confident that that will happen as deals that we have already done flow through into the land
bank. You have seen 5,000 plots of that growth happen in the first half of the year. You will
see a substantial further addition in the second half of the year.

At the moment, we believe that the land bank in total will probably grow by more than the
10,000 units that we flagged at that point in time. And we have continued to be active to-
date, although as Ingrid said in Ingrid comment on land about the quality and quantity of
deals that we have done over the course of the last 12 months will be reflected by all of that
Division Chairmen. And as we see a more competitive market at the moment, we continue to
be active from a much more of a replacement basis.

We are very pleased with the quality of those sites.        We have managed to rebalance the
average site size, so it gives us more flex. And we are also very pleased with the geographic
spread with all of our businesses making land positions over the last 12 months and putting
us in a position where sort of all of our business are in a strong position if they look at the
next two to three years of delivery.

I think the key focus today though should be on outlet progression. Over the last sort of 10
years, I have been very wary of giving outlet forecasts but the fact that I am giving one today
should give you confidence that we have sites and the capacity to at least achieve this
number. We expect our outlets to grow by around 50 over the next two months which sort of
adds something around 22-23% to our current outlet numbers, and a very sort of significant
growth number.

That is not assuming that we hit every single outlet and then get it through the planning
process at the level that we expect to at an individual outlet level. That’s built in some sort of
contingency.   And that – so outlet numbers should grow a little during this year and we
continue to believe we will end this year at more or less the same level as we began it. Grow
a little in the first half of next year, but they will really start to accelerate in the second half
2022, which is very much aligned with the guidance that we gave at the time of the equity
raise.

So we end 2023 with a significantly elevated number of outlets and actually with those outlets
already up and running, and with build and completions in place, which is why we expect
there to be material volume growth in 2023.           Some in 2022 with the material growth
expected in 2023 and be, as I said, outlet driven.

And we continue to believe that will let us deliver consistent underlying volumes of 17,000 to
18,000 at least 2,000 ahead at the level that we were running at before the equity raise,
before the pandemic.



                                                                                                 13
Half Year Results 2021                                            Wednesday, 4th August 2021


Moving onto sort of the third bullet point, which I am not going to spend a long time on
because Ingrid has spent some time on some of the broader issues. But I do think, as I
touched on right at the beginning, the focus across the business on underlying build quality is
particularly important. And I believe stands out in the sector.

You can see customer service has broadened, and the whole industry is focusing much more
effectively on customer service than it was. But I think we are unique in the level of focus,
and the investment that we have made over the course of the last three to four years in build
quality. And across the board, our investment in the systems, in processes, in training our
people and in modernising the business in many ways, I think, are now starting to pay off.
They’re not always delivering immediately but we are already starting to see the benefit.

And I would touch very briefly on employees.       Ingrid touched on some of our employee
survey results.   But also we do see a real opportunity, particularly for our employees,
particularly for business use all the lessons learned and our flexibility and remote working to
make the business more efficient and to give better sort of overall experience for our
employees.

So moving on finally to a summary slide.     Our sense is that the market conditions remain
good.   We believe that the resilience we have seen over the course of the last 12 months
demonstrates the underlying demand in the UK and the long-term low level of interest rates
and good mortgage availability, more than it illustrates the impact of shorter-term measures.
And that gives us continued confidence that the market will continue to perform well over the
course of the next few years.

Our strong H1 performance really does show the underlying quality of our landbank.          And
although we acknowledge that 2019 didn’t quite go to plan, but actually the business is in
good shape and our assets are in good shape and that we are perfectly capable of managing
price and cost balance and showing improvement in the business.

We have upgraded 2021 expectations today with a very de-risked H2. I do want to be clear
that you should not expect material volume growth in 2022. We expect that to deliver the
guidance that we have given you, but we are very focused on our volume growth being driven
by outlet growth and so not returning to the 2019 very high sales rates.

But significant potential to build in 2022 off 2021 performance with some volume growth and
margin improvement. And then real potential in 2023 to show material growth and beyond
that as well.

We believe that our land investment gives us very significant potential ahead of the sector to
outperform in terms of the volumes but also to underpin that margin improvement.

And lastly, just bringing together all of the other points, we believe our sustained investment
in customer service build quality and our people places the business in a strong and
sustainable position.

We can move to questions please.




                                                                                             14
Half Year Results 2021                                               Wednesday, 4th August 2021


                                              Q&A

Operator: Our first question comes from Brijesh Siya from HSBC, your line is now open.

Brijesh Siya (HSBC): Thank you very much. Good morning gents and Ingrid. I have two
questions, if I may. The first one is on the house price inflation. So, first half was close to
3%.   Considering how the market is right now, do you expect that house price inflation to
nudge up further in H2? And just putting into context a 99% you are already forward sold for
this year.   So how the order book you think would step up in second half on house price
inflation?

And the second question is on the build cost part. You helpfully pointed out that the first half
kind of offset that with the house price inflation as well as cost saving. But looking at how
much pressure on the material side, could you please give any kind of guidance for the full
year? What kind of build cost inflation you expect?

Pete Redfern: So Brijesh, I mean, on selling prices, it obviously depends massively on both
questions what time period you take.        And the 2-3% effectively is that coming through
completions rather than that point-to-point movement in house price inflation. And I would
say that the point-to-point movement sort of from mid to late last year through to today is
more like 5-6% on house price inflation. And we see that sort of level in our order book.

Given the length of the order book, it averages out of slightly lower than that, but it is
certainly above the 2-3%. I think on cost price inflation, similar sort of piece. You have to
got be very careful on the time scale. Cost inflation, we would say over the last 12 months
has been in the range of 4-4.5%. But that has been weighted towards the last six months
more than the house price inflation.

We are seeing some softening of those cost price movements, but it is early days for that yet.
And it has been particularly driven as – I don’t think will surprise you about materials. There
is inflation in sub-contract cost but it is nothing that significant. So we are seeing that soften.

And I think as we look at the second half of the year, I expect to see positive house price
inflation. I do not expect it to be as much as house price inflation over the last six to nine
months. I expect to see some cost price inflation but sort of level by the end of the year
probably won’t have got to a fully normal level but will come back to more of a sort of normal
band. But I think it is hard for us to give a forecast on them, but I can give you our view of
what it is running at the moment.

Brijesh Siya: Thank you. Can I just ask one more question on London? It is very helpful that
the market is booming and going back to the normal level. But can you just give a little more
colour about how that market is stepping up in terms of apartments and this and this larger,
single-family home?      So, whether the space is a new norm and people are moving from
apartment from this larger homes? So, I’m just trying to understand whether there is any
kind of pressure points in the apartment segment which hasn’t yet picked up compared to
your business which is returning back to normal.

Pete Redfern: Yeah, I think sort of, if you are asking if we think there is a particular future
price pressure to come on apartments in the London market, I do not think that is the case. I
think two main reasons.     As Ingrid said, we don’t really believe that there is this massive
exodus from either urban areas or from apartments into non-urban areas.             Very difficult,


                                                                                                15
Half Year Results 2021                                             Wednesday, 4th August 2021


actually, for somebody who is choosing to be based in London to make a switch from
apartment to a house, just finances just do not allow that to be a large-scale movement. But,
it is also important to have in mind that the level of construction of new apartments in London
is running at a much lower level for reasons around planning and relatively weakness in that
market before the pandemic.

Actually if you look forward at the next five years, probably, there’s an argument for some
recovery in relative prices. I am not sure that is going happen in the next 12 months but I
certainly do not see a big relative risk on apartment prices. Ingrid, anything you add to that,
would you broadly agree?

Ingrid Osborne: Completely agree. The supply point is well made. That is very pertinent.
But, equally, as I said, I just do not think it is as simple as everybody wanting to move out of
apartment into houses. That is just not what we see happening at the moment and there is
no reason to suggest that that will be fundamental shift in the near term.

Brijesh Siya: Understood. Thank you very much.

Pete Redfern: No problem.

Operator: Our next question comes from Will Jones from Redburn Partners. Your line is now
open.

Will Jones (Redburn Partners): Thanks. Morning. Three, if I could please as well. Maybe
you could talk please just a bit more around speed of build, build rates. Obviously, we have
seen lots of talk of material shortages, more recently the pandemic issues.            Just any
anecdotes around that would be great. Just how you think about measuring that. Some of
your peers talked to us about equivalent units in build or build rate per week, but is there a
particular metric that you would like to keep on top of there?

The second, maybe, just if you could update us more generally about your availability per site
in terms of product to sell and just how you are managing the issue of such a long order
book. I think you said 99% sold for the year. I would imagine telling customers in August,
pretty much everything is for January onwards which is fairly uncharted territory for business,
how they are reacting to that proposition.

Then last, just a clarification around the approvals you have made. I noticed that plot cost of
the approvals is about 14% of sales versus 20 last year which is quite a big drop down. I
expect you will answer with reference to net margin but just in terms of how that should differ
so much on a yearly basis would be just interesting to learn around. Thank you.

Pete Redfern: If you start answering the questions for us before you even asked them Will,
then we wouldn’t give you any information. Just on that last one, I mean I think if you look
at a long-term trend plot cost is an interesting trend if you look at any period. Obviously, we
could argue that this year’s is better than last year’s. That a spurious argument, the reality of
the volatility depending on the mix of sites is significant both by geography and particular
balance between large sites with infrastructure and small sites which are ready to run. The
20% reflected the most uncompetitive land buying that we have done in the last 15 years.
And nobody else was in the market. We were very much very openly targeting small sites
that were quick to market at a point when others were out of the market completely. You
end up with the higher plot cost for sales but actually stronger performance on those.


                                                                                              16
Half Year Results 2021                                             Wednesday, 4th August 2021


The mix you have got in the first half of this year is more normalised, it includes a normal mix
of strategic land, lower plot cost for sales, but on average, larger sites. So, you really see
there the early post-capital raised accelerated return to market of Taylor Wimpey, changing
the plot cost but also changing the speed and the measures of the sites we were able to buy.

Taking all the others together, because they are all related to construction. I think, we are
very pleased with the way our teams were delivering in what is a challenging environment for
them on the build side. We are getting the products that we need. We have little bottlenecks
but they are little, so it causes a lot more work for our site managers. They have to be on it
all the time. The connection between – you will remember that we are fairly unique in having
a central distribution function that secures materials for the group and distribution them as
build packs. We have found that has been hugely helpful because it gives us good group level
information and a good dialogue, so we’ve got a team that can back up our local sourcing
with suppliers if we have any constraints.    That is working for us and we are pleased with
where our build and our construction is.     But it does mean that if you wanted to step up
construction by 15% to match sales demand, it will be next to impossible in doing it and your
risk to cost, quality and the pressure on the team would be quite high. It is a limiting factor,
there is no doubt. It is being delivered well. I would say we are at least normal build rate
per site.

We do not tend to use build rate and equivalent unit measures because they can hide a lot of
ills. We look at it site by site and we look at outliers. So, we look at construction stages
relative to where we are with the sales completion. We look at overall construction stages
per site. But if you focus your teams purely on are they making a certain number of ticks in
boxes, you can find you have got a large number of houses all of which are 30% complete
and none that you can actually sell. We do not use one overall metric. We occasionally use it
from an external point of view. I would say this time last year, we were showing you some of
those statistics on build rates. I would say today, we are running per site at above what we
would consider a normal level of construction per site, not massively but 5% above matching
the long order book and the high sales rate. But it is hard the team. We are pleased with the
performance but I do not want to take away from the fact that everybody in the team is
having to work hard to do it and we’re using the systems and materials that we have got.

In terms of then the impact of that on availability, we are [inaudible] largely on most of our
sites in January and February last year. It is territory we have been charting for a little while
now. I think we have become far slicker at managing the communication, the dialogue with
our customers. If you look at the customer service performance, we have seen historically,
long lead times impact on customer service scores. Those customer service stores at 92% for
the first half.   Are obviously people, many of whom reserve at different stages of the
lockdown, and so have had an extended period of time from reservation to completion and
have faced delays. I think that is good evidence that we are managing communication and
the information with our customers well. And we are much better than we were four or five
years ago. We are selling six or seven months ahead to know that the build programme can
deliver.    The number of sites where the build programme gets delayed at that point is
significantly less than the, and the delays are less. The management and the control – and
the systems that we have got to make sure that our forecast dates are reasonable, much
more reliable.



                                                                                              17
Half Year Results 2021                                             Wednesday, 4th August 2021


If I go to the sales rate, it is interesting that the sales rate we have today for this year is
exactly our targeted, budgeted sales rate. We are managing the price and turning into the
market that’s there. We are where we want to be.

Will Jones: Great. Thank you and just tying back on the original land cost point. I do not
think the bubble chart is in the pack, it has been before and, perhaps it is in the release,
apologies, but the approval in the first half of this year, are they still, in theory, creating a
similar level of returns.

Pete Redfern: They are.

Will Jones: Yeah, cool.

Pete Redfern: I think, there I’ve said a couple of times we were going to remove the bubble
chart over the course of the last couple of years, we finally have done it. Yes, they are very
much at those same levels of returns, and at that upper end of that 21-22% margin range.

Will Jones: Right, thank you.

Operator: Our next question comes from Gregor Kuglitsch from UBS. Your line is now open.

Gregor Kuglitsch (UBS): Hi, good morning. Couple of questions, please, or maybe three
actually. Coming on back on the volume ramp up. You have given some indication clearly for
this year, next year, I think, you are seeing modest maybe 5% and then you reiterate the
17,000-18,000. So, if you could just give us a line of sight how meaningful the step up is in
‘23 before we reach that ambition which is beyond ’23, but correct me if I am wrong.

The second question is on land.       You called it out in numerous times which increased
competition. Can you give us a sense compared to, maybe, six months ago, how the intake
margin is evolving and what the degree of pressure is there?

Then finally, maybe, just generic question. You have, obviously, decided to make London and
emphasis of today. I just wondered why that is, specifically. Was it because you thought it
was interesting or are you specifically trying to call out the London is coming back?

Pete Redfern: Let me deal with the last one first, Gregor.            I do not think we were
particularly aiming to make London an emphasis from a strategic point of view. We think it is
important for you to see a broad base of the team. Jennie has presented a number of times,
so Jennie is on holiday this week.     Ingrid is a key part of our team.     It felt like a good
opportunity for you to hear from her. And I’m conscious, we have not done a capital markets
day in a while and, probably, want to wait until we can do one properly face-to-face. And so,
it is more driven by wanting you to hear from the broader team and to give Ingrid a chance to
talk to you than it is that we are making a strategic stake on London. We have reduced the
scale of the Central London business but we still continue to believe that London and the
south east is a good market and a market that we want to be in, and that we will continue to
invest in. But, that should not be new news. It is more about people than it is about London.

Chris, I will go back to you at the end to pick up Gregor’s volume question, and if I then pick
up the land question and then hand it over to you on volume. You are right, we have called
out the increased competition.     I doubt that will surprise you, and it certainly does not
surprise us.   I think what we believe is we saw our competitors return to the land market
much more gradually. One or two, actually including one larger private business came into


                                                                                              18
Half Year Results 2021                                            Wednesday, 4th August 2021


the market actively at the same as we did, 12 or more months ago. But others were slow
until getting into late 2020, very early 2021 and then are trying to catch up. As house prices
have risen, you have seen an increase in land prices. In answering your specific question, I
would not flag a decrease in intake margin, but I would flag that the land prices that we were
paying 12 months ago which are still coming through onto our balance sheet now are
materially lower than land prices today. Land prices today reflecting a meaningful movement
in house prices.   As they normally would but I think, it, obviously make us particularly
pleased with those acquisitions.

Chris, back to you on the volume and volume to 2023 question.

Chris Carney: Just to be clear about the trajectory. In 2021 we said we previously guided
completions in the range from 13,200 to 14,000 and we are now guiding completions to be
towards the top end of that range.     What we are saying is for 2022 there will be modest
growth on those 2021 upgraded volume. It is still too early, obviously, to be providing any
formal guidance for 2023, but you can see from what we are saying in terms of the outlets
and the fact that we have given you an indication on outlet growth over the next 24 months, I
think that underpins an indication of what number in 2023 would be.         I think, consensus
currently sits at something like 15,972, so I’ll be very comfortable with that number.

Gregor Kuglitsch: Thank you.

Pete Redfern: I think, all I would add is we are flagging 4-5% completion growth in 2022,
and at the fact that we are saying the bigger growth comes in 2023, Chris is right. It is early
for formal guidance for the number.     Of course, it would depend a bit on market, but the
potential and scale. Again, it is one reason we have given you the net outlet growth number,
not just the number of additions we might have, the number of new openings we might have,
but a net additions number to give you some sense of its potential there for 2023, but it is
early to make it a specific number.

Gregor Kuglitsch: Thank you. That is helpful. Thank you.

Operator: Our next question comes from Ami Galla from CitiGroup. Your line is now open.

Ami Galla (Citigroup): Yeah, morning guys. Just a few questions from me. The first one
was on the Future Home Standard and considering the direction of travel and the efficiency
regulation in the industry. Do you think you would need a greater usage of timber frame in
the future and is that one of the investment plans in the business going forward?

The second one, if you could give us some further colour on the ongoing discussions on
developer tax levy, where is that heading?

The third one is really just a follow up on your comments around what is happening in the
land market, and while intake margins are holding up, how sustainable do you think is this
medium term margin guidance beyond this 2024 timeline?

Pete Redfern: Just on Future Home Standard. I think the sand has come in, but very much
what we have been talking to you about very early last year. So there is no surprise for us in
those. Our teams, have been working out, as the regulation has become more clear, they
have been working out the exact technology.




                                                                                            19
Half Year Results 2021                                              Wednesday, 4th August 2021


We do expect some more timber frames. We have been building more timber frames over
the course of the last three or four years. Albeit, I think that will change and it does depend
on the particular house type, the location depending on weather and availability. We do not
see it as being going down a wholly timber frame or even a massively timber frame route.
But having the flex, to be able to use it where it is relevant is important. I have said it a
couple of times; I would not rule out us investing in timber frame construction as in a timber
frame factory, one of the few areas of vertical integration I think we would look at, but it still
remains pretty uncertain about what the right answer is. We are doing a lot of work at the
moment on different build methods, but what we have seen is a lot of people both inside the
industry and suppliers of the industry making big statements about the next methodology,
but then it is quickly changing and a different methodology being more effective. I have got
to be honest, we are consciously watching, researching, testing and our technical guys are all
over it but, actually, not quite convinced yet that we found the right best long-term answer.
And that knowing what regulation is now helps but, I think, it is whether regulation changes
again in 2023, that we really need to see that shift.

On land margins and going to your specific question. Does the land environment make us
question sustainability of the 21-22% margin target? The short answer is no. We have said
before that if we put all the maths together on the land we got at the moment, the land we
bought over the last 12 or 18 months, then mathematically, our operating margin should be
above that level. I think it is improvement for us to assume that is the case but, effectively,
let’s absorb lots of moving parts, if you see what I mean. I think we continue to believe it is
the right movement and that, actually, we can absorb the ups and downs that we would
expect in the market including things like regulatory changes and that shift in land market
and still maintain that guidance. You would never say there is one perfect 1% range that you
would never be above. We cite that guidance as being something we believe is a reasonable
medium term sustainable level rather than a hail Mary we could get there and then not say
there. That is the aim of it.

On the developer tax, I am afraid there is nothing new to add, I don’t know if Chris if you
want to say anything, but I am not sure we got any particularly new news.

Chris Carney: No, I think you would have to ask the Treasury.

Ami Galla: Thanks, thanks. That is very helpful.

Operator: Our next question comes from Marcus Cole from Liberum. Your line is now open.

Marcus Cole: Morning all, hope you are well. Just a couple of questions from me. I was just
thinking with a special in mind really. Could you remind me of what your view is on what is
surplus capital?

Then just to clarify. Should we expect land investment to return to replacement rate from
2023? Thanks.

Pete Redfern: Yeah, I think, yeah, so again, in reverse order picking up the land
investments one. In terms of new approvals, we expect to be at more or less replacement
level from here on in. But, there will be elevated additions to the land bank at least over the
six months and, probably, the next 12 months just as the land we have already sourced flows
through. So sat here today, just sort of, looking at 2023, I would expect to be operating at



                                                                                               20
Half Year Results 2021                                              Wednesday, 4th August 2021


more or less replacement level in the land market; but, obviously, that is a slightly tactical
question in any one year that we’ll be a bit better placed to answer as we get closer.

Sorry, could you just repeat the first question. I didn’t make a note of it.

Marcus Cole: I was just thinking in terms of surplus capital. What is your view on when you
return, start returning that special really?

Pete Redfern: We still continue and it is what we probably said first a year ago and repeated
since. Our expectation is that we will make some sort of capital distribution in 12 months’
time and basically back to where we were pre-pandemic in terms of timing of cash returns,
and that we will announce that on a more normal timeline that we have done historically, so
likely to be with our prelims in February next year in terms of quantum.

Marcus Cole: Okay, thank you very much.

Operator: Our next question comes from Christopher Freemantle from Morgan Stanley. Your
line is now open.

Christopher Freemantle (Morgan Stanley): Hi, good morning. Just two questions. First,
just to be clear on what you are saying on the margin side.         You talk about the 21-22%
margin guidance. Are you suggesting you can get there in 2022 already or do we need to
wait until the volume ramp up comes through for us to get to that margin target? Any colour
you can give on 2022 margin progression would be helpful please.

Then just on the developer levy. Is it your expectation that we are going hear more on that
in the UK Government’s autumn budget statement, or again, are we going to need to wait a
bit longer for that? Any colour you can provide on that.

Pete Redfern: I am going to give both of those to Chris.

Christopher Freemantle: Thanks. Thanks.

Chris Carney: On the developer levy, unfortunately, fairly similar to the last answer in there.
Obviously, it is under consultation at the moment, and will it appear in the autumn budget?
Perhaps, I do not know, so we will just have to wait and see on that.

I think, on the margin side, for 2022, what we are saying is unchanged from what we have
said previously. We expect to get back to a normalish margin in ‘22, similar to 2019 level, so
somewhere in the range 19.5-20% but, clearly we will targeting the top end of that range and
push to get something starting with a two and then, clearly, as move into 2023 and the
volumes step up, then the improved recovery from those increased volumes will help the
margin further.

Pete Redfern: I think, that I’d add one thing which is not about where our guidance is but it
is about where our focus is; and, I think we have said but I do think it is important to stress it
in relation to 2022. I would really counsel you not to go above the top end of our volume
range for 2022. But, where we will be focusing is delivering that volume properly but also
focusing on the margin delivery. It’s upside in the margin more than it is in the volume.

That will, of course, depend on the balance of costs and selling price we have talked about
first. That is where we will be focusing so that we are in a strong position – not reduce outlet
numbers and burn through them too quickly, but be in a strong position for that 2023 growth.



                                                                                               21
Half Year Results 2021                                              Wednesday, 4th August 2021


Christopher Freemantle: Thank you.

Operator: Our next question comes from Gavin Jago from Barclays. Your line is now opened.

Gavin Jago (Barclays): Morning, everyone. Hope you are well. Just a couple from me if I
could, please.   The first one just around what the medium-term volume targets, and just
wonder if you could put some colour around where your average sites size has moved, I
guess, over the last five or six years and how much of a driver that is for meeting these new
targets and how much it is maybe in the majority of the regions something Ingrid touched on
earlier.

Then the second question just around the nine-month score.           Again, Ingrid’s part of the
presentation showed what that nine-month scores progression. Is that broadly reflective of
where the score is for the wider group; and if not, can you give us some colour on that
please?

Pete Redfern: Yeah, on the nine-month score, there has been a meaningful improvement
over six months at group level as well as in Ingrid’s patch. I think, I am right in saying – I
don’t have the two data points in front of me , but I am thinking I am right in saying that if I
look back at last year, for instance, the group was slightly ahead of the London and south
east patch, and still is today, but both have moved forward materially. And we could – a bit
like the build quality measures. We continue to believe that it is important to be at a five-star
level on the shorter-term survey but, actually, from our customers’ point of view, it is just as
important, if not more so, to deliver a good nine-month satisfaction score and a good
underlying build quality because, otherwise, you risk just window dressing on the shorter-
term perceptions. I think if you get all three of them in a good place, then I think you are
delivering overall a good customer service. That has always been our focus rather than just
focusing on any one measure.

I think on outlet numbers and site size, as I said acquisitions immediately after the equity
raise were a smaller average site size, that would have brought down the average a bit. It is
not like a massive difference and it does not need to. I said before and I will repeat it; we
have no problem with large sites. You think a large sizes once you have them open as an
outlet, give a very good level of consistency, level of competition is less. We do believe you
could sustain higher build rates and sales rates on them and we are proving that at the
moment and by a margin. We just think we let that go a bit too far in 2019. It does not
mean the underlying desire to make those sites work for us is in any sense wrong.             Our
average site size is probably around 290 at the moment. We tend to look at it on acquisitions
rather than where it sits in the land bank, so that is why that is probably, and that is why it is
slightly cautious that number.    But, the key there which we have to focus on is the right
balance between outlets and sales rates, hence the strong focus of outlet driven volume
growth.

And why, ever so slightly begrudgingly, I am giving you an outlet growth forecast because it
is really important to understand that is a key part of what is going on in the business. We
have a lot of outlet growth potential in that 50 outlet growth over the next two years, isn’t the
end of it. I’ve put an element of contingency against that, what we will find is we will get
those outlets. Some of them might be later, so that 50 reflects already a greater caution, but
continued growth in outlets in later 2023 and 2024.


                                                                                               22
Half Year Results 2021                                            Wednesday, 4th August 2021


Chris Carney: And, Gavin, the nine-month score for the group is on page eight of the
prelims. It is 80% converted, 76% for the first half last year, so 4% increase.

Gavin Jago: Excellent. Thanks very much gents.

Operator: That concludes our Q&A session for today. I will now hand it back over to Pete
Redfern for his closing remarks.

Pete Redfern: Thank you.       Thank you everybody for the time this morning and for the
questions. Thank you, Ingrid, for your presentation and the extra depth that hopefully you
have given people. Look forward to our next update and catching up with you then, hopefully
before too long in person.

[END OF TRANSCRIPT]




                                                                                         23
