To the shareholders of Bremworth Limited


Our opinion
In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements of Bremworth Limited (the
Company), including its subsidiaries (the Group), present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Group as at 30 June 2022, its financial performance and its cash flows for the year then
ended in accordance with New Zealand Equivalents to International Financial Reporting Standards
(NZ IFRS) and International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS).
What we have audited
The Group's consolidated financial statements comprise:
    the consolidated statement of financial position as at 30 June 2022;
    the consolidated statement of profit or loss for the year then ended;
    the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year then ended;
    the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended;
    the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended; and
    the notes to the consolidated financial statements, which include significant accounting policies
    and other explanatory information.
Basis for opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (New Zealand) (ISAs
(NZ)) and International Standards on Auditing (ISAs). Our responsibilities under those standards are
further described in the                            he audit of the consolidated financial statements
section of our report.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis
for our opinion.
Independence
We are independent of the Group in accordance with Professional and Ethical Standard 1 International
Code of Ethics for Assurance Practitioners (including International Independence Standards) (New
Zealand) (PES 1) issued by the New Zealand Auditing and Assurance Standards Board and the
International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International Independence
Standards) issued by the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants (IESBA Code), and we
have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements.
Other than in our capacity as auditor we have no relationship with, or interests in, the Group.
Key audit matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in
our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current year. These matters were addressed
in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our
opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.




PricewaterhouseCoopers, PwC Tower, 15 Customs Street West, Private Bag 92162, Auckland 1142 New Zealand
T: +64 9 355 8000, www.pwc.co.nz
 Description of the key audit matter                How our audit addressed the key audit matter
 Forecast liquidity and cash flows
 The Group prepares its consolidated financial                                               for the
 statements on a going concern basis and            period to 30 June 2024, which are used to support
 expects to be able to realise its assets and       the going concern assumption for the preparation of
 meet its financial obligations in the normal       the consolidated financial statements, our audit
 course of business for the foreseeable future.     procedures included the following:
 During the year the Group has continued to
 progress its previously announced strategic            process and controls to prepare cash flow
 transformation, having ceased production               forecasts;
 and sales of synthetic carpets to focus solely
 on its all-wool carpet business. Consistent            gaining an understanding of key assumptions
                                                        used in the cash flow forecasts through
 reduced from $22.5 million in 2021 to $14.9            discussions with management;
 million at year end.
 As this represents a material change in                previous forecasts by comparing the actual
 direction of the business there is inherently a        performance against forecasts in prior periods;
 level of estimation uncertainty and execution          checking these key assumptions are
 risk associated with                                   consistent with the Board approved forecasts;
 maintain sufficient liquidity to meet its
 financial commitments as they fall due in the          assessing and challenging key assumptions
 normal course of business, until the full              such as sales volumes, wool price and
 benefits of the strategy eventuate, which              exchange rates with reference to independent
 management expect to occur from FY25                   data sources and contracts, where possible,
 onwards. Consequently it is an area of focus           and to recent actual sales and performance;
 for the audit and a key audit matter.                  performing sensitivity testing on the key sales
 To assess the ongoing liquidity of the Group           assumptions used in the forecast cash flows to
 and its ability to meet its other financial            assess the level of forecasting risk;
 commitments as they fall due in the normal             asse
 course of business, management has                     funding from other sources such as the sale of
                                                        other properties and to reduce discretionary
 cash flows and financial position as part of its       spending, if required; and
 mana
 operations through to 30 June 2024.                    performing subsequent events procedures to
 In preparing these forecasts, assumptions              cash flow forecasts.
 plans, future economic and market                  We also considered the adequacy of the related
 conditions, such as forecast sales volumes,        disclosures in the consolidated financial statements
 expected NZD/AUD exchange rate                     against the requirements of NZ IFRS.

 hedged positions) and forecast wool prices.
 In forming its going concern conclusion, the
 Board has also taken into consideration a
 number of factors including the cash surplus,
 the improvement in manufacturing
 efficiencies, margins and profile of its
 inventory during the year,
 potential ability to obtain other sources of
 funding (including the sale of other
 properties) and the option to reduce
 discretionary spending, if required.



PwC
 Description of the key audit matter              How our audit addressed the key audit matter


 Refer to Note 2c to the consolidated financial
 statements describing the cash flow forecasts
 and basis for conclusion on the use of the
 going concern assumption for the preparation
 of the consolidated financial statements.
 Valuation of inventory
                                                  To audit the cost of inventory, our procedures
 at 30 June 2022 was $27.26 million (30 June      included:
 2021 $20.03 million) net of inventory
                                                      gaining an understanding of the inventory
 provisions of $1.35 million (30 June 2021
                                                      costing process and controls;
 $1.98 million).
                                                      testing the accuracy of the application of
 The cost of inventory reflects raw materials
                                                      inventory costing by reperforming the
 and manufacturing costs, including an
                                                      calculation;
 allocation of production overheads based on
 normal operating capacity.                           verifying inputs, on a sample basis, of the
                                                      finished goods, work in progress and yarn
 The Group has recorded inventory
                                                      inventory cost by agreeing them to supporting
 provisions, which represent a deduction from
                                                      documents;
 the cost of inventory, for obsolete, aged and
 discontinued inventory and carpet oddments           testing the cost of raw material inventory, on a
                                                      sample basis, to supplier invoices; and
 their net realisable value.
                                                      evaluating the nature and appropriateness of
 Determining these provisions involves                factory overheads capitalised into inventory
 significant judgement considering a range of         based on normal operating capacity, and
 factors such as inventory rationalisation            testing the mathematical accuracy of the
 plans, consumer demand and trends,                   overhead allocation calculation.
 available distribution channels and historical
                                                  To audit the inventory provisions, our procedures
 sales and margins data.
                                                  included:
 Valuation of inventory is an area of focus and
 key audit matter for the audit due to the            gaining an understanding of and assessing the
 significance of the inventory balance, the
                                                      process and controls, taking into consideration
 complexity of inventory costing, and the
                                                      key attributes used such as piece sizes, low
 judgements involved in estimating the
                                                      grade quality, discontinued products and
 inventory provisions.
                                                      recent sale prices;
 Note 6c of the consolidated financial
 statements describes the accounting policy                                           take process by
                                                      attending selected locations to confirm the
 on inventories and the judgements and
                                                      existence and condition of the inventory;
 estimates applied by management to
 determine the inventory provision.
                                                      estimate of provisioning by comparing actual
                                                      utilisation of provision with the corresponding
                                                      prior year provisions; and
                                                      testing the net realisable value of finished
                                                      goods, on a sample basis, by comparing the
                                                      cost with recent sales prices and margins.




PwC
Our audit approach
Overview
                                  Overall group materiality: $478,000, which represents
                                  approximately 0.5% of revenue.
                                  We chose revenue as the benchmark because, in our view, it is the
                                  stable benchmark against which the performance of the Group is
                                  most commonly measured by users and is an accepted benchmark.
                                  We selected transactions and balances to audit based on the
                                  Gro
                                  material classes of transactions and balances in the consolidated
                                  financial statements of the Group.
                                  As reported above, we have two key audit matters, being:
                                       Liquidity and cash flow forecasts
                                       Valuation of inventory




As part of designing our audit, we determined materiality and assessed the risks of material
misstatement in the consolidated financial statements. In particular, we considered where
management made subjective judgements; for example, in respect of significant accounting estimates
that involved making assumptions and considering future events that are inherently uncertain. As in all
of our audits, we also addressed the risk of management override of internal controls, including among
other matters, consideration of whether there was evidence of bias that represented a risk of material
misstatement due to fraud.
Materiality
The scope of our audit was influenced by our application of materiality. An audit is designed to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free from material
misstatement. Misstatements may arise due to fraud or error. They are considered material if,
individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of
users taken on the basis of the consolidated financial statements.
Based on our professional judgement, we determined certain quantitative thresholds for materiality,
including the overall Group materiality for the consolidated financial statements as a whole as set out
above. These, together with qualitative considerations, helped us to determine the scope of our audit,
the nature, timing and extent of our audit procedures and to evaluate the effect of misstatements, both
individually and in aggregate, on the consolidated financial statements as a whole.
How we tailored our group audit scope
We tailored the scope of our audit in order to perform sufficient work to enable us to provide an opinion
on the consolidated financial statements as a whole, taking into account the structure of the Group, the
accounting processes and controls, and the industry in which the Group operates.
Other information
The Directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
information included in the Annual Report but does not include the consolidated financial statements

report comprised the Directors' Responsibility Statement, Trend Statement and Disclosure of Non-
GAAP Financial Information. The remaining other information is expected to be made available to us
after that date. Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other
information and we do not and will not express any form of audit opinion or assurance conclusion
thereon.



PwC
In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the
other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent
with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise
appears to be materially misstated.
If, based on the work we have performed on the other information that we obtained prior to the date of

required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.
When we read the other information not yet received, if we conclude that there is a material
misstatement therein, we are required to communicate the matter to the Directors and use our
professional judgement to determine the appropriate action to take.
Responsibilities of the Directors for the consolidated financial statements
The Directors are responsible, on behalf of the Company, for the preparation and fair presentation of
the consolidated financial statements in accordance with NZ IFRS and IFRS, and for such internal
control as the Directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial
statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the Directors are responsible for assessing the

concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the Directors either intend to liquidate
the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.


Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial
statements, as a whole, are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to
                                                                     surance is a high level of assurance,
but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs (NZ) and ISAs will always
detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are
considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence
the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.
A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements is

https://www.xrb.govt.nz/assurance-standards/auditors-responsibilities/audit-report-1/


Who we report to

undertaken so that we might state those matters which we are required to state to them in an
report and for no other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume

audit work, for this report or for the opinions we have formed.



Cameron.
For and on behalf of:




Chartered Accountants                                                                             Auckland
29 August 2022


PwC
