MARKET RELEASE
31 August 2026
                                   BREMWORTH UNAUDITED FY26 RESULTS
Good progress on operational reset as focus turns to profitability and cash generation
        Revenue of $106.6m, with the 21% YoY increase primarily driven by Elco Direct
        Gross margin 13.7%, up 0.7 percentage point YoY
        Net loss after tax of $(11.4)m, including one-off items of negative $(1.9)m
        Normalised loss before interest and tax (Normalised EBIT)1 improved from $(15.9)m to
         $(9.4)m YoY
        Available cash at year-end of $22.0m2, with nil borrowings


Premium carpet manufacturer and wool sourcing business Bremworth Limited (NZX Code: BRW) has
today announced its preliminary unaudited financial results for the year ended 30 June 2026, with
meaningful progress made to strengthen the business while continuing to operate in difficult market
conditions.
Bremworth Chair, Rob Hewett, said: “FY26 has been an important year of change for Bremworth.
While the financial result remains below where the Board expects the business to perform over
time, we have made progress in addressing a number of the operational and commercial issues that
have constrained performance. Our focus is now firmly on converting those improvements into
better margins, stronger cash generation and a return to sustainable profitability."
Commercial progress
Over the past year, Bremworth has implemented a number of initiatives aimed at fundamentally
improving performance, with priorities being cost reset, revenue recovery and capital discipline.
Key initiatives include:
        Napier yarn plant now fully opera onal, with both spinning plants driving meaningful
         reduc on in product and supply chain costs and a material upli in product quality.
        Signiﬁcant cost out programme with savings reinvested into ini a ves to drive revenue, li
         produc vity and improve inventory composi on and quality.
        Re-established Bremworth’s premium synthe c carpet oﬀering through the launch of a range
         of high-quality solu on dyed nylon (SDN) carpets with growing sales expected from FY27.
        Expanded sales teams in Australia and New Zealand to strengthen rela onships with ﬂooring
         retailers, increase market coverage, and posi on the business to capture growth
         opportuni es as demand recovers.
        Renewed focus on North America and China with early wins on the table as Bremworth looks
         interna onally for further revenue growth.


1 Normalised EBIT is a non-GAAP measure and excludes negative $(1.9)m of one-off items relating to insurance claims,

restructuring costs and an onerous contract provision (FY25 positive $35.1m)
2 Excludes $4.9m in restricted cash and cash equivalents deposited with BNZ as security against bank guarantees and other

commitments
CEO Craig Woolford commented: “With the Napier yarn plant now back up and running, this year
has been about getting the fundamentals of our business right with an increased focus on our
customers, inventory, and operational and commercial excellence. The results of our efforts can be
seen in increased customer uptake, a lower cost base, a significantly improved inventory profile and
reduced complexity within the business.
“We believe the foundations of the company are now considerably stronger than they have been for
some time. An improvement in market conditions will allow us to unlock the full value of the work
that has been undertaken and return the business to sustainable growth and profitability.”
FY26 snapshot
Overall flooring demand remained subdued during the year, reflecting continued weakness in
residential construction and renovation activity and pressure on discretionary consumer spending. In
addition, some customers paused buying while the proposed scheme of arrangement with
Floorscape Limited (“Scheme”) was underway. With more certainty going forward, increased
customer support is expected in FY27.
Revenue was $106.6m for FY26 with the 21% year on year (YoY) improvement mainly driven by Elco
Direct, Bremworth’s wool sourcing business. Elco Direct had a strong year with a seismic shift in
demand for wool in 2H26 (particularly from exporters) driving up volume and wool price. Wool
carpet continued to dominate flooring sales (95% of carpet sales volumes) with growing
contributions from SDN carpets expected in FY27.
Inventory quality has been a major focus, with sub-standard yarn and carpet successfully sold down,
resulting in a healthier inventory profile that better supports customer requirements. The supply
chain has been shortened and slower-moving lines rationalised, with a greater focus on the
availability of key SKUs and samples, ensuring customers can access the products they want, when
they need them. Year-end inventory was $29.1m compared to $28.0m in the prior year.
Management is maintaining tight control over operating costs, inventory, working capital and capital
expenditure.
A comprehensive cost review was undertaken, with focus on creating a cost base appropriate for
current market conditions while retaining the capabilities required to support future growth. This
resulted in a clear and simplified path forward for both the business and the way it operates. These
initiatives are expected to deliver benefit in FY27 onwards.
Normalised loss before interest and tax (EBIT) improved from $(15.9)m to $(9.4)m . After taking into
account one-off items including insurance claims, restructuring and Scheme costs, and a final
adjustment to provision for an onerous contract, Bremworth recorded a net loss after tax of
$(11.4)m.
Cash and liquidity remain a key focus, with available cash at year-end of $22.0m. Operating cash
outflow (excluding insurance-related cash items) was $(9.3)m, a $14.5m improvement on the
equivalent of $(23.8)m in the prior year.
Chair Rob Hewett said: "The Board is acutely aware of the importance of preserving Bremworth's
financial position while market demand and earnings recover. Investment decisions are being
assessed against clear return criteria, and improving cash generation is a central measure of
management performance."
Outlook
Craig Woolford said: “Our focus has now shifted from rebuilding to growth. While current market
conditions are challenging, we believe Bremworth is strategically and operationally aligned to
capitalise on an eventual recovery in residential construction and renovation activity. We have a
strong brand, a differentiated product offering and a loyal customer base. The foundations have
been laid, and we are well positioned to convert the significant work undertaken into improved
earnings as market demand recovers. In addition to growth in Australia and New Zealand, market
opportunities in North America and China are poised to deliver meaningful benefit to the company
in the medium-term."
While the timing and pace of a broader market recovery remain uncertain, the Board expects
Bremworth's financial performance to improve in FY27 as the benefits from revenue initiatives, cost
reductions and manufacturing improvements progressively flow through.
The immediate objective remains to return Bremworth to profitability and positive operating cash
flow, whilst maintaining disciplined management of the company's cash resources.
Mangawhai Collective partial offer
On 14 August 2026, Bremworth received notice from Mangawhai Collective Limited (“MCL”) of the
intention to make a partial takeover offer for 44% of the ordinary shares in Bremworth that it does
not already own at an offer price of 90c per share. To date, the Board has not received a formal offer
from MCL. The Board notes that, given the offer is only for 44% of the shares in Bremworth not
already owned, there is no guarantee that shareholders selling into the offer will be able to realise
the offer price for all of their shares as excess acceptances would be scaled back.
The Board has appointed an independent adviser to prepare the Independent Adviser’s Report.
Shareholders are advised to take no action in relation to the proposed offer until they receive
further guidance from the company.


ENDS


For further information please contact:

 Craig Woolford                                     Jackie Ellis
 Chief Executive                                    Media and Investor Relations
 E: cwoolford@bremworth.co.nz                       E: Jackie@ellisandco.co.nz
                                                    M: +64 27 246 2505
