2020
ANNUAL
REPORT

CCL Industries Inc.
CCL                                                  Avery                                                  Innovia                                           Checkpoint
CCL is the world’s largest                           Avery is the world’s largest supplier                  Innovia is a leading global                       Checkpoint is a leading developer
converter of pressure sensitive                      of labels, specialty converted                         producer of specialty, high-                      of RF and RFID-based technology
and specialty extruded �ilm                          media and software solutions                           performance, multi-layer,                         systems for loss prevention
materials for a wide range of                        for short-run digital printing                         surface engineered �ilms for                      and inventory management
decorative, instructional, functional                applications for businesses and                        label, packaging and security                     applications, including labeling
and security applications for                        consumers available alongside                          applications.                                     and tagging solutions, for the retail
government institutions and large                    complementary products sold                                                                              and apparel industries worldwide.
global customers in the consumer                     through distributors, mass-market
packaging, healthcare & chemicals,                   stores and e-commerce retailers.
consumer electronic device and
automotive markets. Extruded &
laminated plastic tubes, aluminum
aerosols & specialty bottles,
folded instructional lea�lets,
precision decorated & die cut
components, electronic displays,
polymer banknote substrate and
other complementary products
and services are sold in parallel to
speci�ic end-use markets.




       22,200                                                      191                                                   42                                                     6
      Employees                                  Production Facilities                                            Countries                                           Continents




    NORTH AMERICA REPRESENTS                                                        EUROPE REPRESENTS                                            EMERGING MARKETS REPRESENTS




        42%                 of total sales                                      32%                 of total sales                                      26%                 of total sales


CAUTION ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION This annual report contains forward-looking information and forward-looking statements, as defined under applicable securities laws
(hereinafter collectively referred to as “forward-looking statements”) that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements include all statements that are predictive in nature or
depend on future events or conditions. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by, but not limited to, the words “believes,” “expects,” “anticipates,” “estimates,” “intends,” “plans” or similar
expressions. Statements regarding the operations, business, financial condition, priorities, ongoing objectives, strategies and outlook of the Company, other than statements of historical fact, are
forward-looking statements. Specifically, this annual report contains forward-looking statements regarding the anticipated growth in sales, income and profitability of the Company’s segments; the
Company’s improvement in market share; the Company’s capital spending levels and planned capital expenditures in 2021; the adequacy of the Company’s financial liquidity; the Company’s targeted
return on equity, improved return on total capital, adjusted earnings per share, Adjusted EBITDA growth rates and dividend payout; the Company’s eﬀective tax rate; the Company’s ongoing business
strategy; the Company’s ability to maintain a Net Debt to Adjusted EBITDA ratio below 3.5 times; the Company’s expectations regarding general business and economic conditions; the Company’s
Corporate Social Responsibility initiative to enhance the integration of social and environmental concerns into its business operations; the Company’s expectation to successfully divert waste from
landfill; thus, reducing costs and having a positive sustainability impact for its customers; the Company’s announced new capacity addition in its proprietary “Ecofloat,” with start-up expected in
early 2022; the impact the coronavirus will have on the global economy and the global supply chain; the Company’s success in passing on foreign exchange movements and input cost changes to
its customer base; the Company’s success in quickly initiating actions to reduce variable costs if the economic environment weakens; CCL Label and CCL Design pursuit of new product initiatives,
with capacity expansion plans in new and existing markets; CCL Secure’s success in developing market-leading security technology to pursue widespread long-term adoption of polymer banknotes;
the Company’s expectation that Avery.com, WePrint™ and Kids Label businesses will backstop Avery’s direct-to-consumer platform; the Company’s expectation that Avery will have sustainable growth
in its direct-to-consumer oﬀering, including incremental acquisitions; the Company’s expectation that there will be a more normalized back-to-school season in 2021, with a positive impact to Avery;
Checkpoint’s capture of sales and profit growth from the evolving radio-frequency identification (“RFID”) market and possible complementary and tuck-in business acquisitions; the Company’s
expectation that the Checkpoint operation will benefit from cost-saving initiatives and a return to in-store shopping by consumers; and Innovia’s success in passing on resin price increases to its
customer base through contractual pricing mechanisms.
Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. They involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties relating to future events and conditions, including, but not limited to,
the impact of competition; consumer confidence and spending preferences; general economic and geopolitical conditions; currency exchange rates; interest rates and credit availability; technological
change; changes in government regulations; risks associated with operating and product hazards; and the Company’s ability to attract and retain qualified employees. Do not unduly rely on forward-
looking statements as the Company’s actual results could diﬀer materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are also based on a number of
assumptions, which may prove to be incorrect, including, but not limited to, assumptions about the following: higher consumer spending; increased customer demand for the Company’s products;
continued historical growth trends, market growth in specific segments and entering into new segments; the Company’s ability to provide a wide range of products to multinational customers on a
global basis; the benefits of the Company’s focused strategies and operational approach; the Company’s ability to implement its acquisition strategy and successfully integrate acquired businesses;
the achievement of the Company’s plans for improved eﬀiciency and lower costs, including the ability to pass on polypropylene resin cost increases to its customers; the availability of cash and credit;
fluctuations of currency exchange rates; the Company’s continued relations with its customers; and general business and economic conditions. Should one or more risks materialize or should any
assumptions prove incorrect, then actual results could vary materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Further details on key risks can be found throughout this report
and particularly in Section 4: “Risks and Uncertainties.”
Except as otherwise indicated, forward-looking statements do not take into account the eﬀect that transactions or non-recurring or other special items announced or occurring after the statements
are made may have on the business. Such statements do not, unless otherwise specified by the Company, reflect the impact of dispositions, sales of assets, monetizations, mergers, acquisitions, other
business combinations or transactions, asset write-downs or other charges announced or occurring after forward-looking statements are made. The financial impact of these transactions and non-
recurring and other special items can be complex and depends on the facts particular to each of them; therefore, the financial impact cannot be described in a meaningful way in advance of knowing
the specific facts.
The forward-looking statements are provided as of the date of this annual report and the Company does not assume any obligation to update or revise the forward-looking statements to reflect new
events or circumstances, except as required by law.
Unless the context otherwise indicates, a reference to “the Company” means CCL Industries Inc. and its subsidiary companies and equity-accounted investments.
 20 20 L ET T E R TO S H A R E H O L D E RS




 Donald G. Lang            Geoffrey T. Martin
 Executive Chairman        President and
                           Chief Executive Officer




It was an unforgettable year, testing the resilience of our
Company, proving again the bene�it of portfolio diversity
in our products, geographies and end markets. After a soft
second half to 2019, we believed an event could trigger
a global 2020 downturn following the longest period of
economic expansion since World War II, spanning an entire
decade since 2009.

But, none of us expected the first global health pandemic seen since the Spanish Flu in 1918! China began to shut down in January,
shortly followed by the rest of the world as contagion took hold. The first five months of the year saw the greatest contraction in
global GDP since the Great Depression of the 1930s. Governments may have failed forward, but their subsequent response, in
economic terms was still massive, and in our view, entirely appropriate. During the dark months of February and March, optimism
was not high that an economic recovery could be “V” shaped, but that is exactly what happened from June. First quarter results
were essentially flat, second quarter sales fell 10% and earnings 14%, followed by a rebound, record third quarter and very strong
fourth quarter… a roller coaster year. 2020 sales ended down only 1.5% to just under $5.25 billion. With so many work place and
non-essential retail closures, it’s perhaps not surprising Avery and Checkpoint were the Segments most affected by the crisis,
sales declining 14.2% and 12.2%, respectively. However, CCL Segment sales grew 1.7%, largely organically, while Innovia increased
10.4%, all by acquisition. The Company benefited modestly from foreign exchange translation and the positive impact of bolt-on
acquisitions. Adjusted net earnings* increased more than $50 million to $551 million, up 10.8%, while adjusted basic earnings per
Class B share* improved from $2.79 in 2019 to $3.08 in 2020; foreign currency translation effects were nominal. Restructuring
charges and other expenses were $27.6 million including an additional $8.6 million expense to conclude a long-running legacy
legal matter at CCL Secure. The balance largely related to restructuring investments across the Company to match operational
costs to pandemic related demand levels. We also reined in capital spending and tightly managed working capital, driving free
cash flow* to a record $616 million, up $172 million over 2019.

CCL Segment
2020 sales increased 1.1% organically to $3.4 billion, the same growth rate as 2019, compared to 4.8% in 2018. Geographically,
we delivered modest progress in North America and Asia, double-digit gains in Latin America (moderated heavily by currency
devaluations), with Europe down slightly and more so in Australia and South Africa. Operating income* increased 11.8% while
adjusted EBITDA* improved 9.6% to $784 million, a margin of 23.4% up 170 basis points compared to 2019.




                                                                                                             2020 Annual Report   1
2020 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS




Home & Personal Care sales were essentially flat at just over $1 billion: profitability improved as strong sales of labels for personal
cleansers offset slower markets in cosmetic skin care and products associated with travel or distribution at specialty retail,
including hair salons. We made solid profit gains in labels and tubes across the Americas and Europe, but Asia was more impacted
by the lockdowns in ASEAN countries and we had some share loss in China. We had a record year at our label joint venture in
the Middle East. Our aluminum aerosol business also had a better year on improved volumes, especially in Mexico. Overall, our
business followed the mixed fortunes of this industry, brands focused on cleansing did well, but more cosmetic, prestige or travel-
related products suffered, especially in the first half. It was a challenging year for our aluminum slug venture. In February, we had
to take full control from our German partner who faced financial difficulties and ultimately bankruptcy. Rebuilding capacity at
the operation on our own incurred unexpected fully consolidated losses. We hope the plant gets into positive adjusted EBITDA*
territory in 2021.

Healthcare & Specialty sales were boosted by the crisis ending 2020 up double digit, with the benefit of bolt-on acquisitions and
modest positive currency translation. Profit performance was particularly strong in North America where we are more exposed to
OTC medicines, vaccines and medical grade sanitizers. Lawn & Garden chemical markets also boomed in the crisis as consumers
were forced to stay at home. Our international business, more focused on prescription drugs and agricultural chemicals, faced
slower market growth but still posted gains overall. Global profitability increased significantly on higher sales, cost savings and
favourable mix. We are excited about our entry into the pharmaceutical folding carton market with digital technology and our
acquisition of Graphics West late in the year.

Food & Beverage posted a low single digit sales decline as customers’ volumes in ‘away from home’ channels, including products
sold at travel retail, were deeply impacted by the crisis. Offsetting that, sales of Sleeves continued their recent growth trajectory
and were especially strong in the United States and Latin America. Many of the brands we supply are associated with ‘at home’
consumption, booming in the pandemic. This included sales of household disinfectants and cleaning fluids, where we used our
assets in this space to support Homecare customers. Sales of closure labels for home delivery bags at fast food chains were
also strong. Our new plant in South Africa was closed by the government, along with our customers in the beer sector, for some
months, reopening in the second half and profitable in the fourth quarter. Overall profitability was almost flat for the year despite
the sales decline. Our joint venture in Russia posted record earnings on strong double digit organic sales growth.

CCL Design sales to Electronics customers increased in the low teens, as demand for computers and IT peripherals for homeworking
increased significantly during the pandemic. In addition, high demand for Gen 5 mobile devices and data storage hardware for
cloud computing fueled already robust technology markets. Results were strong in all geographies, especially China, although
notably not the USMCA region as some customers had their operations temporarily closed by government order in Mexico.
Profitability improved significantly and operating income margin* remains above the CCL Segment average. Automotive had a
tough first and second quarter as customers closed assembly plants globally but rebounded in the second half with fourth quarter
sales and profitability above prior year. Profitability dropped significantly for 2020 as sales fell low double digit on the first half
performance. Sales to alkaline battery producers were up on pantry loading by consumers. Olympic Tapes reduced losses and
made some progress with customer qualification approvals. Overall, profitability at CCL Design improved on 2019.

CCL Secure delivered a record year, with a significant increase in operating income margin* on solid sales growth. Results were
strong across the board. In the United States, sales of passport components, security labels, ID cards and specialized government
documents offset slower sales of stamps. Polymer currency operations had their best year under our ownership on new business
wins, favorable mix, productivity gains and higher cash in circulation in many countries as a result of the pandemic. Quarterly and
annual volatility based on large order timing and a long sales cycle remain notable characteristics of this business.

Avery
This part of CCL was the most negatively affected by the pandemic as reported sales fell by $105 million. After a solid start
in January and February, things began to change in March as workplace closures hit, attended sports and music events and
conferences and conventions completely stopped. Our name badge categories with pro-forma revenues of more than $100 million
in 2019 (including the IDC and Identilam acquisitions, closed in the early days of the year)... fell by roughly two thirds and even
higher in event related products. Pandemic education protocols in North America significantly impacted back-to-school demand,
especially for binders and indexes, on top of lower use in work places; sales dropped more than 20%. Printable media labels
held up much better, especially internationally. Kids’ product lines increased on the Stuck-On-You acquisition in Australia, while
direct-to-consumer label sales through Avery.com and other e-commerce sites boomed, aided by the InTouch acquisition, only in
part fueled by the pandemic. Operating income* dropped $43 million to $113 million on sales of $634 million, a return on sales*



2    2020 Annual Report
of 17.9%, down 330 basis points. We firmly expect to see recovery in this space as the world returns to normal and have seen
gradual recovery since the low point in the second quarter. Despite the pandemic, Avery continues to deliver the highest return
on capital* of any Segment in the Company.

Checkpoint
The closure of non-essential retailing in many geographies deeply affected Checkpoint, especially in the second quarter when
sales dropped by one third. For the year, sales fell $89 million or 12.2% to $635 million. However, since June we have seen solid
sequential recovery, with profitability in the second half above prior year. Apparel labeling results were hit especially hard in
the first half as industry supply began its slide in January in China but rebounded strongly in the second half to record levels
of profitability for the year, aided by a small acquisition in Spain and robust performance in RFID. Store closures and retailer
priority to pandemic safety measures restrained new hardware installs at the Merchandise Availability Solutions business, but
higher margin label and tag consumable sales volume in essential retail was a significant offset, improving mix. In Europe, we had
good success with our new occupancy/temperature monitoring hardware solutions, while China gained a large, chain wide RFID
hardware order. The smaller Meto business, largely in Germany, recovered from second quarter lows to post a profit. Segment
operating income* for the year fell $16 million to $80 million, a return on sales of 12.6%, down 70 basis points. Cost savings were
a significant factor as we quickly adjusted operational capacity to market demand.

Innovia
Pandemic tailwinds for consumer staples drove a lively market for packaging films. Overall tonnage increased modestly organically,
as we pruned and improved mix with most of the growth coming from the new acquisition in Poland, exceptionally meeting
our investment return hurdle rate in its first year. Productivity initiatives in the large supply plants in the U.K. and Mexico paid
great dividends as did much tighter management of the resin and raw materials supply chain. Resin was a tailwind in the first
half but a headwind since the summer, especially in North America where prices doubled by January 2021 from July 2020 lows.
Progress around commercial pricing policy and related controls will be tested in the year ahead. Currency effects for the year were
immaterial. Sales increased 10.4% on the Flexpol acquisition to $615 million, with a 20.5% adjusted EBITDA* margin, compared
to 15.2% in 2019 and 12.1% in 2018. Free cash flow from operations*, a 2020 highlight, tripled from 2019 levels, aided by much
improved working capital performance. In the latter part of the year, we announced a $35 million investment to build a new films
line to produce Ecofloat, a hybrid technology film facilitating easier separation of shrink sleeves from PET containers in recycling
centres, aiding customers’ circular bottle-to-bottle sustainability initiatives. Capacity comes on stream in Europe in 2022, with
capital expenditures incurred in both 2020 and 2021. The vast majority of the output will be used internally at CCL Label.

Delivering to Shareholders
Following our February 2021 Board meeting, we announced a 16.7% increase in the dividend, a meaningful premium to our 10.8%
adjusted net earnings* growth. The annualized payout now stands at $0.84 per Class B share and $0.83 per Class A share, up 110%
over the last five years. The Company has paid dividends without omission or reduction for more than three decades. Despite
spending $161 million on acquisitions and $266 million on capital expenditures (net of disposals), the Company’s net debt to
adjusted EBITDA ratio ended 2020 comfortably inside investment-grade territory at 1.24 times, down 0.37 turns. Priorities for
2021 include returning Avery and Checkpoint to former glories, improving organic growth for the CCL Segment and Innovia and
building capacity where needed, adding bolt-on transactions that meet our disciplined valuation metrics while paying down debt
to build capacity for larger transactions in the future. Working capital performance remains top quartile. We plan to invest at least
$330 million in 2021, compared to an expected $320 million depreciation and amortization expense, excluding right-of-use assets.
With 97% of sales outside Canada, CCL continues to provide domestic shareholders considerable geographic risk diversification.

Diversity, Leadership and Governance
We are a global company. Less than 10,000 of more than 22,200 employees are of White Caucasian descent, with the balance
of Latin, Asian (including the Indian subcontinent), African and other origins. For these reasons, our Company has long since
affirmed to local leadership of our businesses around the world. It’s not only the right thing to do socially, but it also makes
practical sense… only those born and bred fully understand the cultural nuances of doing business in their country. We are a
highly decentralized Company that thinks globally but really does act locally… 191 operations in 42 countries. Our top global
business leaders are required to have served their formative years in the engine rooms of our industry; we do not and will not hire
outsiders to such roles. That is not the case with our small professional corporate team that continues its technically excellent,
agile, highly responsive mantra, costing less than 1% of sales.



                                                                                                               2020 Annual Report   3
2020 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS




65% of employees are men, 35% women, a ratio we seek to improve, although that will take time. Change starts at the top. In
January, we announced the appointment of two new Directors to the Company’s Board: Ms. Linda Cash, former Vice President of
Global Quality and New Model Launch at Ford Motor Company, and Dr. Susana Suarez-Gonzalez, Chief Human Resources, Diversity
& Inclusion Officer of International Flavors & Fragrances Inc., a NYSE listed company that sells non-competing products to many
of our customers. Both women bring deep global operating experience to our Board while adding diversity to the table. Our Board
continues to represent all shareholders through good governance practice, while providing seasoned wise counsel to management.

At this year’s Annual General Meeting, we bid farewell to Mandy Shapansky, who is retiring after seven years of service to the
Board. Mandy’s authentic, direct personality and great humor will be sorely missed. As Chair of the Board’s Corporate Social
Responsibility Committee, she has overseen the Company’s move to measure sustainability throughout its operations and leaves
behind a great legacy in this respect.

Sustainability
In December 2020, we published our first annual Sustainability Report, which we encourage all stakeholders to read. It
concludes an 18 month painstaking effort to track greenhouse gas emissions and other key environmental metrics from all our
global operations, beginning our journey to a new future with a solid data foundation in compliance with recognized, auditable
standards. We followed the practices of many global customers in the consumer goods industry, our future performance is
inexorably linked to theirs….. we simply cannot succeed should they fail. In our industry, the most important initiatives surround
the idea of making primary packaging a circular economic activity, with products continuously recycled, dramatically reducing
waste going to landfill. For that reason, our Company signed on to the New Plastics Economy Global Commitment led by the Ellen
MacArthur Foundation, a charitable organization and global thought leader dedicated to accelerating the transition to a circular
economy. We will be updating our sustainability progress annually, with the report for 2020 due in the summer of 2021, and
annually thereafter at the AGM. The world cannot continue to grow economically by consumption of virgin planetary resources
alone. We will do our part alongside our customers.

2021 Outlook
We enter the year with many uncertainties remaining over when and how this pandemic will finally end, but end it surely will.
During this once-in-a-generation event, we strengthened the Company significantly….the best decisions are often made in
times of crisis and better investment opportunities sometimes uniquely arise. We will take advantage of those around the world:
organically and by acquisition, without drifting from the industry we know, as the best use of the Company’s excess free cash flow.
We are confident about the year ahead, and especially the first half where comparisons are on our side.

We close by taking this opportunity to acknowledge the stunning agility, courage and utter dependability of our people throughout
this crisis. Tirelessly supporting customers, often in very difficult circumstances, while staying safe, considering colleagues and
unquestionably delivering for shareholders; without them we are nothing. To our customer and supplier partners, we know it has
been a challenging year for some of you, but we remain loyal to all those invested in our past success and wish you a successful 2021.




Donald G. Lang					                                             Geoffrey T. Martin
Executive Chairman				                                          President and Chief Executive Officer



*   Non-IFRS measures; see Section 5A of CCL’s Management’s Discussion and Analysis for more detail.




4      2020 Annual Report
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
(In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share and ratio data)




		                             							                                                             2020		       2019 		                  %
Sales					$ 5,242.3                                                                                        $   5,321.3 		               (1.5%)
                    $
Adjusted EBITDA*					 1,123.2                                                                              $   1,067.2		                5.2%
% of sales						                                                                                    21.4%		      20.1%
Restructuring and other items						                                                            $    27.6   $     25.0		
Net earnings 					                                                                             $   529.7   $    477.1		                11.0%
% of sales 						                                                                                   10.1%		       9.0%		
Basic earnings per Class B share
Net earnings					                              $ 2.96                                                      $     2.68                  10.4%
Diluted earnings				                        			$ 2.94                                                      $     2.66                  10.5%
Adjusted basic earnings per Class B share 				 $ 3.08                                                      $     2.79		                10.4%
Dividends 					                                $ 0.72                                                      $     0.68                   5.9%

As at December 31
Total assets					                              $ 7,336.7  $ 7,038.0		                                                                    4.2%
Net debt*					                                 $ 1,390.9  $ 1,716.2 		                                                                 (19.0%)
Total equity					                              $ 3,282.2  $ 2,897.7 		                                                                  13.3%
Net debt to EBITDA*								                         1.24		 1.61		
Return on equity (before other expenses)*						     17.8%		    17.8%
Number of employees (approximately)						        22,200		 21,400		                                                                      3.7%
*	A non-IFRS measure; see “Key Performance Indicators and Non-IFRS Measures” in Section 5A.




                                                                                                                  2020 Annual Report      5
M A N A G E M E N T ’ S D I S C U S S I O N A N D A N A LY S I S
Years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 (Tabular amounts in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share data)




This Management’s Discussion and Analysis of the financial condition and results of operations (“MD&A”) of CCL Industries
Inc. (“the Company”) relates to the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019. In preparing this MD&A, the Company has taken
into account information available until February 24, 2021, unless otherwise noted. This MD&A should be read in conjunction
with the Company’s December 31, 2020, annual consolidated financial statements, which form part of the CCL Industries
Inc. 2020 Annual Report dated February 24, 2021. The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance
with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”), and, unless otherwise noted, both the financial statements and this
MD&A are expressed in Canadian dollars as the presentation currency. The major measurement currencies of the Company’s
operations are the Canadian dollar, U.S. dollar, euro, Argentine peso, Australian dollar, Bangladeshi taka, Brazilian real,
Chilean peso, Chinese renminbi, Danish krone, Hong Kong dollar, Hungarian forint, Indian rupee, Israeli shekel, Japanese yen,
Malaysian ringgit, Mexican peso, New Zealand dollar, Philippine peso, Polish zloty, Russian ruble, Singaporean dollar, South
African rand, South Korean won, Swiss franc, Thai baht, Turkish lira, U.K. pound sterling and Vietnamese dong. All per Class B
non-voting share (“Class B share”) amounts in this document are expressed on an undiluted basis, unless otherwise indicated.
The Company’s Audit Committee and its Board of Directors (the “Board”) have reviewed this MD&A to ensure consistency
with the approved strategy and results of the business.
                                                                                         F O R WA R D - L O O K I N G I N F O R M AT I O N
          INDEX                                                                          This MD&A contains forward-looking information
                                                                                         and forward-looking statements, as defined
    8    1. Corporate Overview                                                           under applicable securities laws (hereinafter
    8    A) The Company                                                                  collectively referred to as “forward-looking
    8    B) Coronavirus (“CV19”) Pandemic                                                statements”) that involve a number of risks and
    8    C) Customers and Markets                                                        uncertainties. Forward-looking statements include
                                                                                         all statements that are predictive in nature or
    9    D) Strategy and Financial Targets
                                                                                         depend on future events or conditions. Forward-
    11   E)	Recent Acquisitions and Dispositions                                        looking statements are typically identified by, but
    12   F)	Subsequent Events                                                           not limited to, the words “believes,” “expects,”
    13   G)	Consolidated Annual Financial Results                                       “anticipates,” “estimates,” “intends,” “plans” or
    15   H)	Seasonality and Fourth Quarter Financial Results                            similar expressions. Statements regarding the
                                                                                         operations, business, financial condition, priorities,
    18 2. Business Segment Review                                                        ongoing objectives, strategies and outlook of the
    18 A) General                                                                        Company, other than statements of historical
                                                                                         fact, are forward-looking statements. Specifically,
    20 B) CCL Segment
                                                                                         this MD&A contains forward-looking statements
    22 C) Avery Segment                                                                  regarding the anticipated growth in sales, income
    23 D) Checkpoint Segment                                                             and profitability of the Company’s segments; the
    24 E) Innovia Segment                                                                Company’s improvement in market share; the
    25 F) Joint Ventures                                                                 Company’s capital spending levels and planned
                                                                                         capital expenditures in 2021; the adequacy of
    26 3. Financing and Risk Management                                                  the Company’s financial liquidity; the Company’s
                                                                                         targeted return on equity, improved return on total
    26 A) Liquidity and Capital Resources
                                                                                         capital, adjusted earnings per share, Adjusted
    27 B) Cash Flow                                                                      EBITDA growth rates and dividend payout; the
    28 C)	Interest Rate, Foreign Exchange Management                                    Company’s effective tax rate; the Company’s
           and Other Hedges                                                              ongoing business strategy; the Company’s
    28 D)	Equity and Dividends                                                          ability to maintain a Net Debt to Adjusted
    29 E)	Commitments and Other Contractual Obligations                                 EBITDA ratio below 3.5 times; the Company’s
    30 F) Controls and Procedures                                                        expectations regarding general business and
                                                                                         economic conditions; the Company’s Corporate
    30 4. Risks and Uncertainties                                                        Social Responsibility initiative to enhance the
                                                                                         integration of social and environmental concerns
    40 5. Accounting Policies and Non-IFRS Measures                                      into its business operations; the Company’s
    40 A) Key Performance Indicators and Non-IFRS Measures                               expectation to successfully divert waste from
                                                                                         landfill; thus, reducing costs and having a positive
    44 B)	Accounting Policies and New Standards
                                                                                         sustainability impact for its customers; the
    44 C) Critical Accounting Estimates                                                  Company’s announced new capacity addition in
    45 D) Related Party Transactions                                                     its proprietary “Ecofloat,” with start-up expected
                                                                                         in early 2022; the impact the coronavirus will
    46 6. Outlook                                                                        have on the global economy and the global
                                                                                         supply chain; the Company’s success in passing
                                                                                         on foreign exchange movements and input cost

6        2020 Annual Report
changes to its customer base; the Company’s success in quickly initiating actions to reduce variable costs if the economic
environment weakens; CCL Label and CCL Design pursuit of new product initiatives, with capacity expansion plans in new and
existing markets; CCL Secure’s success in developing market-leading security technology to pursue widespread long-term
adoption of polymer banknotes; the Company’s expectation that Avery.com, WePrint™ and Kids Label businesses will backstop
Avery’s direct-to-consumer platform; the Company’s expectation that Avery will have sustainable growth in its direct-to-
consumer offering, including incremental acquisitions; the Company’s expectation that there will be a more normalized
back-to-school season in 2021, with a positive impact to Avery; Checkpoint’s capture of sales and profit growth from the
evolving radio-frequency identification (“RFID”) market and possible complementary and tuck-in business acquisitions;
the Company’s expectation that the Checkpoint operation will benefit from cost-saving initiatives and a return to in-store
shopping by consumers; and Innovia’s success in passing on resin price increases to its customer base through contractual
pricing mechanisms.
Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. They involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties
relating to future events and conditions, including, but not limited to, the impact of competition; consumer confidence and
spending preferences; general economic and geopolitical conditions; currency exchange rates; interest rates and credit
availability; technological change; changes in government regulations; risks associated with operating and product hazards;
and the Company’s ability to attract and retain qualified employees. Do not unduly rely on forward-looking statements as
the Company’s actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements. Forward-
looking statements are also based on a number of assumptions, which may prove to be incorrect, including, but not limited
to, assumptions about the following: higher consumer spending; increased customer demand for the Company’s products;
continued historical growth trends, market growth in specific segments and entering into new segments; the Company’s
ability to provide a wide range of products to multinational customers on a global basis; the benefits of the Company’s focused
strategies and operational approach; the Company’s ability to implement its acquisition strategy and successfully integrate
acquired businesses; the achievement of the Company’s plans for improved efficiency and lower costs, including the ability
to pass on polypropylene resin cost increases to its customers; the availability of cash and credit; fluctuations of currency
exchange rates; the Company’s continued relations with its customers; and general business and economic conditions.
Should one or more risks materialize or should any assumptions prove incorrect, then actual results could vary materially
from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Further details on key risks can be found throughout this
report and particularly in Section 4: “Risks and Uncertainties.”
Except as otherwise indicated, forward-looking statements do not take into account the effect that transactions or non-recurring
or other special items announced or occurring after the statements are made may have on the business. Such statements do
not, unless otherwise specified by the Company, reflect the impact of dispositions, sales of assets, monetizations, mergers,
acquisitions, other business combinations or transactions, asset write-downs or other charges announced or occurring after
forward-looking statements are made. The financial impact of these transactions and non-recurring and other special items
can be complex and depends on the facts particular to each of them; therefore, the financial impact cannot be described in
a meaningful way in advance of knowing the specific facts.
The forward-looking statements are provided as of the date of this MD&A and the Company does not assume any obligation
to update or revise the forward-looking statements to reflect new events or circumstances, except as required by law.
Unless the context otherwise indicates, a reference to “the Company” means CCL Industries Inc. and its subsidiary companies
and equity-accounted investments.
Additional information relating to the Company, including the Company’s Annual Information Form, is available on SEDAR at
www.sedar.com or on the Company’s website www.cclind.com.




                                                                                                          2020 Annual Report   7
M A N A G E M E N T ’ S D I S C U S S I O N A N D A N A LY S I S
Years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 (Tabular amounts in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share data)




1.   C O R P O R AT E OV E RV I E W

A) The Company
Founded in 1951, and publicly listed under its current name since 1980, the Company’s corporate offices are located in
Toronto, Ontario, Canada, and Framingham, Massachusetts, United States, with a regional centre for Asia Pacific in Singapore.
The corporate offices provide executive and centralized services such as finance, accounting, internal audit, treasury, risk
management, legal, tax, human resources, information technology, environmental, health and safety and oversight of
operations. The Company employs approximately 22,200 people in 191 production facilities located in North America, Latin
America, Europe, Australia, Africa and Asia including equity investments operating five facilities in Russia and five facilities
in the Middle East.
The CCL Segment is the world’s largest converter of pressure sensitive and extruded film materials for a wide range of
decorative, instructional, security and functional applications for government institutions and large global customers in
consumer packaging, healthcare, chemicals, consumer durables, electronic device and automotive markets. Extruded and
labeled plastic tubes, aluminum aerosols and specialty bottles, folded instructional leaflets, specialty folded cartons, precision
decorated and die cut components, electronic displays, polymer banknote substrate and other complementary products and
services are sold in parallel to specific end-use markets. Avery is the world’s largest supplier of labels, specialty converted
media and software solutions to enable short-run digital printing in businesses and homes alongside complementary products
sold through distributors, mass-market stores and e-commerce retailers. Checkpoint is a leading developer of RF and RFID-
based technology systems for loss prevention and inventory management applications, including labeling and tagging
solutions, for the retail and apparel industries worldwide. Innovia is a leading global producer of specialty, high-performance,
multi-layer, surface-engineered films for label, packaging and security applications. The Company partly backward integrates
into materials science, with capabilities in polymer extrusion, adhesive development, coating and lamination, surface
engineering and metallurgy deployed as needed across the four business segments.

B)   Coronavirus (“CV19”) Pandemic
2020 was an unprecedented year, with extensive civil and economic shocks from the CV19 pandemic taking hold in the first
quarter and having its greatest effect in the second quarter. Globally, governments reacted by imposing civil restrictions of
differing magnitudes to mitigate the contagion. The impact drastically impacted parts of the global economy with automotive
manufacturing shutdowns; and temporary retail store, restaurant and office closures, partly offset by the benefits of consumer
pantry loading and commodity price fluctuations. CCL reacted quickly, introducing new safety policies for employees,
suppliers and customers, investing in personal protective equipment, availing itself of government subsidies where available,
and initiating restructuring plans to match business costs to customer activity levels. Temporary company-wide savings
from furloughed and short-time working employees and other government assistance programs amounted to $10.1 million
and $20.0 million, respectively. Early in the second quarter of 2020, the Company further strengthened its liquidity position
with a US$600.0 million 10-year investment grade note offering, freeing up its entire US$1.2 billion revolving credit facility
to ensure that it could withstand any foreseeable scenario. Fortunately, all of the Company’s facilities were deemed essential
manufacturing so that government-imposed closures in certain international locations were only temporary and no facility
was an incubator for the virus. The Company maintained its acquisition growth strategy with four strategic targets added after
the onset of the pandemic. Despite a strong second half recovery, consolidated organic sales growth was down for the year;
however, profitability was up and the Company posted record adjusted earnings per share and free cash flow for the year,
proving the financial resiliency of the Company and the dedication of its people to all stakeholders.

C) Customers and Markets
The state of the global economy and geopolitical events can affect consumer demand and customers’ marketing and sales
strategies to promote growth, including the introduction of new products. These factors directly influence the demand for
the Company’s products. Growth expectations generally mirror the trends of each of the markets and product lines in which
the Company’s customers compete and the growth of the economy in each geographic region. The Company attempts to
gain market share in each market and category over time.
The label market is large and highly fragmented, with many players but with no single competitor having the substantial
operating breadth or global reach of the Company. Avery has a dominant market-leading position for its products in North
America, Europe and Australia. It also has a small presence in Latin America. Checkpoint has significant market positions in
Europe, North America and Asia with smaller operations in Latin America. Checkpoint sells directly to retailers and apparel
manufacturers and competes with other global retail labeling companies. Innovia operates plants in Europe, Mexico and
Australia and has additional distribution capabilities in the United States and Asia that sell films to pressure sensitive label
materials producers and converters, flexible packaging converters, consumer packaged goods companies and the security
products industry.




8     2020 Annual Report
D) Strategy and Financial Targets
The Company’s strategy is to increase shareholder value through investment in organic growth and product innovations
around the world, augmented by a global acquisition strategy. The Company builds on the strength of its people in marketing,
manufacturing and product development and nurtures strong relationships with its international, national and regional
customers and suppliers. The Company anticipates increasing its market share in most product categories by capitalizing
on market insights and the growth of its customers, and by following developments such as globalization, new product
innovation, branding and consumer trends.
A key attribute of this strategy is maintaining focus and discipline. The CCL Segment aspires to be the market leader and the
highest value-added producer in each customer sector and region in which it chooses to compete. The primary objective
is to invest in growth globally, both organically and by acquisition. Avery objectives align to its core competencies in label
solutions centered on specialty converted media that enable short-run digital printing in homes and small businesses and
increasingly using the direct-to-consumer channel, both organically and by acquisition. Checkpoint focuses on technology-
driven loss-prevention and inventory-management labeling for the retail and apparel industries. Innovia is a leading global
producer of specialty, high-performance, multi-layer, surface-engineered biaxially oriented polypropylene (“BOPP”) films for
label, packaging and security applications. Innovia also provides significant depth and capability to develop proprietary films
for label applications.
The Company’s financial strategy is to be fiscally prudent and conservative. The 2020 financial results delivered strong cash
flow and a solid balance sheet after investing $161.4 million in acquisitions and $266.6 million in net capital expenditures
to execute global growth initiatives. During good and difficult economic times, such as the CV19 pandemic, the Company
has maintained high levels of cash on hand and unused lines of credit to reduce its financial risk and to provide flexibility
when acquisition opportunities are available. As at December 31, 2020, the Company had $703.7 million of cash on hand and
approximately US$1.2 billion of undrawn capacity on the Company’s unsecured revolving credit facility.
The Company maintains a continuous focus on minimizing its investment in working capital to maximize cash flow in support
of growth in the business. In addition, capital expenditures are targeted at the most attractive growth opportunities and are
expected to be accretive to earnings. The Company’s financial discipline and prudent allocation of capital have ensured
sufficient available liquidity and a secure financial foundation for the long-term future.
A key financial target is return on equity before goodwill impairment loss, restructuring and other items, tax adjustments,
gains on business dispositions and non-cash acquisition accounting adjustments (“ROE,” a non-IFRS measure; see “Key
Performance Indicators and Non-IFRS Measures” in Section 5A). The Company continues to execute its strategy with a goal
of achieving a comparable ROE level to its leading peers in specialty packaging. 2020 ROE of 17.8%, although still strong,
was flat to 2019 due to a solid increase in adjusted net earnings; albeit, certain Segments of the Company were negatively
impacted by the CV19 pandemic compared to substantial increases in the Company’s equity base, largely from retained
earnings over the last five years:

			                            2020		            2019		            2018		             2017		            2016		                 2015
Return on Equity		              17.8%		17.8%		20.0%		24.0%		23.5%		21.1%

Another metric used by the investment community as a comparative measure is return on total capital before goodwill
impairment loss, restructuring and other items, tax adjustments, gains on business dispositions and non-cash acquisition
accounting adjustments (“ROTC,” a non-IFRS measure; see “Key Performance Indicators and Non-IFRS Measures” in Section
5A). The chart below details performance since 2015. The Company targets delivering returns in excess of its cost of capital.
ROTC of 11.9% for 2020 improved compared to 2019 due to the solid increase in adjusted net earnings for 2020, partially offset
by the increase in capital deployed for acquisitions and net capital expenditures compared to 2019:

			                            2020		            2019		            2018		             2017		            2016		                 2015
Return on Total Capital		       11.9%             10.8%		11.3%		14.0%		15.9%		15.4%

ROTC should increase as the Company deleverages its balance sheet and increases net earnings as the negative effect from
the global CV19 pandemic on the Avery and Checkpoint Segments diminishes.
The long-term growth rate of adjusted basic earnings per Class B share (a non-IFRS measure; see “Key Performance Indicators
and Non-IFRS Measures” in Section 5A) is another important financial target. This measure excludes goodwill impairment
loss, restructuring and other items, tax adjustments, gains on business dispositions and non-cash acquisition accounting
adjustments. Management believes that, by taking into account both the relatively stable overall demand for consumer
staple and healthcare products globally and the continuing benefits from the Company’s focused strategies and operational
approach, a positive growth rate in adjusted basic earnings per share is realistic under reasonable economic circumstances.


                                                                                                          2020 Annual Report     9
M A N A G E M E N T ’ S D I S C U S S I O N A N D A N A LY S I S
Years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 (Tabular amounts in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share data)




The Company has achieved significant growth in its annual adjusted basic and basic earnings per share since 2015:

			                                 2020		                2019		               2018		               2017		            2016		      2015
Adjusted Basic EPS
 Growth Rate		                       10.4%                  2.2%		               1.5%		              17.9%		          32.5%		     31.9%

Basic EPS Growth Rate		              10.4%		                1.5%		              (2.2%)		             36.4%		          16.5%		     34.7%

In 2020, adjusted basic earnings increased by 10.4% to $3.08 per Class B share. Improved profitability from the CCL and
Innovia Segments and slightly reduced corporate costs, including net interest expense, offset reduced earnings for the Avery
and Checkpoint Segments. The Company believes continuing growth in earnings per share is achievable in the future as the
negative earnings impact of the global CV19 pandemic wanes and the Company executes its global business strategies for
the CCL, Avery, Checkpoint and Innovia Segments.
The Company will continue to focus on generating cash and effectively utilizing the cash flow generated by operations and
divestitures. Earnings before net finance cost, taxes, depreciation and amortization, excluding goodwill impairment loss,
earnings in equity-accounted investments, non-cash acquisition accounting adjustments, restructuring and other items
(“Adjusted EBITDA,” a non-IFRS measure; see “Key Performance Indicators and Non-IFRS Measures” in Section 5A), is considered
a good indicator of cash flow and is used by many financial institutions and investment advisors to measure operating results
and for business valuations. As a key indicator of cash flow, Adjusted EBITDA demonstrates the Company’s ability to incur or
service existing debt, to invest in capital additions and to take advantage of organic growth opportunities and acquisitions that
are accretive to earnings per share. Historically, the Company has experienced growth in Adjusted EBITDA:

			                                 2020		                2019		               2018		               2017		            2016		      2015
Adjusted EBITDA		             $ 1,123.2            $ 1,067.2               $ 995.3             $    959.2         $   792.7		   $ 608.4
% of sales		                           21%                  20%		19%		20%		20%		20%

In 2020, Adjusted EBITDA increased by approximately 5.0% from 2019, excluding the impact of 0.2% positive foreign currency
translation, improving to 21% of sales. The Company’s Adjusted EBITDA margins remain at the top end of the range of its
peers. The Company expects growth in Adjusted EBITDA in the future as the world normalizes subsequent to the effects CV19
pandemic and the Company implements its global growth initiatives.
The framework supporting the above performance indicators is an appropriate level of financial leverage. Based on the
dynamics within the specialty packaging industry and the risks that higher leverage may bring, the Company has a comfort
level up to a target of approximately 3.5 times net debt to Adjusted EBITDA with an appropriate deleveraging and liquidity
profile to maintain its investment-grade ratings with Moody’s Investor Service (“Moody’s”) and S&P Global (“S&P”). As at
December 31, 2020, net debt (a non-IFRS measure; see “Key Performance Indicators and Non-IFRS Measures” in Section 5A)
to Adjusted EBITDA was 1.24 times, 0.37 turns lower than the 1.61 times at December 31, 2019, reflecting increased Adjusted
EBITDA and a reduction in net debt. This leverage level is consistent with management’s conservative approach to financial
risk and the Company’s ability to generate strong levels of free cash flow from operations (a non-IFRS measure; see “Key
Performance Indicators and Non-IFRS Measures” in Section 5A). This leverage level also allows the Company the flexibility to
quickly execute its acquisition growth strategy without significantly exposing its credit quality.
The Board does not have a target dividend payout ratio (a non-IFRS measure; see “Key Performance Indicators and Non-IFRS
Measures” in Section 5A). However, the Company has paid dividends quarterly for over thirty years without an omission or
reduction. The Board views this consistency and dividend growth as important factors in enhancing shareholder value. For
2020, the dividend payout ratio was 23.4% of adjusted earnings. This dividend payout ratio reflects the strong cash flows
generated by the Company and a solid increase in adjusted earnings in 2020 compared to 2019. Therefore, after careful review
of the current year results, budgeted cash flow and income for 2021, the Board has declared a 16.7% increase in the annual
dividend: an increase of $0.03 per Class B share per quarter, from $0.18 to $0.21 per Class B share per quarter ($0.84 per
Class B share annualized). Including this increase, the Company has more than doubled the annualized rate since March 2016.
The Company believes that all of the above targets are mutually compatible and consequently should drive meaningful
shareholder value over time.
The Company’s strategy and ability to grow and achieve attractive returns for its shareholders are shaped by key internal and
external factors that are common to the businesses it operates. The key performance driver is the Company’s continuous
focus on customer service, supported by its reputation for quality manufacturing, competitive price, product innovation,
dependability, ethical business practices and financial stability.



10    2020 Annual Report
The Company has always updated its financial strategies and performance against internal benchmarks while considering its
obligations to Corporate Social Responsibility (“CSR”). The Company’s CSR initiative is designed to enhance the integration
of social and environmental concerns into its business operations and interactions with stakeholders. In 2020, the Company
released the 2019 Sustainability Report entitled “Laying the Groundwork for a Sustainable Future,” covering material
environmental and social responsibility issues and policies. A copy of this report is available at www.cclind.com.
 Sustainability: The Company is committed to helping customers meet their targets by developing new products while
		
  reducing the environmental impact of its manufacturing processes. The Company will limit industrial waste ending up in
  the environment or in landfills by implementing waste reduction strategies. The Company has set goals of cutting 2019’s
  level of waste to landfill by 90% globally by 2025 and eliminating all landfill from its manufacturing process by 2030 in
  North America and Europe.
 Ethics: The Company’s Global Business Ethics Guide is its primary policy on workplace practices, human rights, health and
		
  safety, ethical conduct and fair business practices for all employees. Reviewing the Guide is an important part of new hire
  training and global facilities are audited to ensure all new hires receive a copy of the ethics guide and sign a commitment
  of adherence to the code.
  Health & Safety: The health and safety of the Company’s employees around the world is a top priority. The Company’s
		
  current Environmental Health & Safety (“EHS”) policy and robust safety reporting programs address the statutory
  requirements of the countries where the Company does business. The EHS policy was revised and updated in 2020 as part
  of the 2019 Sustainability Report. The Company is committed to integrating EHS considerations into operating practices
  and employee training programs. Quarterly reporting of health and safety performance statistics to management and
  the CSR Committee is required, with the objective of an injury-free workplace and appropriate responses to all incidents.
  Each facility is assessed a color code ranking for safety in each calendar year, with a focus on improvement of their health
  and safety standards.
  Responsible Supply Chains: The Company continues to work with its supply chain partners to reduce the overall
		
  environmental and social impacts of its products including transportation, secondary packaging and material sourcing.
  Through predictive forecasting and responsive production, the Company is able to drive down lead times and help lower
  inventory throughout the supply chain with the added benefit of reducing waste and obsolescence and lowering the
  effects on the environment.
  Circular Innovation: The Company’s product innovation teams work directly with customers to create sustainable
		
  products applicable to their needs while supporting end-use consumer demand to reduce waste in the environment.

E)   Recent Acquisitions and Dispositions
The Company is globally deployed with significant diversification across the world economy including emerging markets, a
broad customer base, distinct product lines and many different currencies.
The Company continues to deploy its cash flow from operations into its core Segments with both internal capital investments
and strategic acquisitions. The following acquisitions were completed over the last two years:
•	In November 2020, the Company acquired privately owned Super Enterprises Printing (Malaysia) Sdn. Bnd. (“SEP”) for
   approximately $15.4 million, net of cash. SEP is headquartered in Kuala Lumpur, with a second manufacturing operation
   in Guangzhou, China. SEP manufactures decorative panels, liquid crystal and touch-screen display covers and in-mould
   decorated components for the consumer electronics and automotive sectors across Asia. The company now trades as “CCL
   Design.”
•	In October 2020, the Company acquired Graphic West International ApS (“GWI”), headquartered in Denmark, with operations
   in Europe and North America, for approximately $35.2 million, net of cash and debt. This new operation brings expanded
   capabilities and geographic reach in digitally printed cartons for the pharmaceutical industry. The company now trades as
   “CCL Specialty Cartons.”
•	In July 2020, the Company acquired InTouch Labels and Packaging Co., Inc. (“InTouch”), near Boston, Massachusetts, for
   approximately $11.1 million, net of cash and debt. InTouch is a specialized short-run digital label converter and was added
   to Avery’s direct-to-consumer operations.
•	In March 2020, the Company acquired Flexpol Sp. Z.o.o. (“Flexpol”), a privately owned company based in Plock, Poland.
   Flexpol is a leading producer of BOPP film for the European market. The purchase price, net of cash acquired, was
   approximately $23.5 million. The new business immediately commenced operating as “Innovia Poland.”
•	In February 2020, the Company acquired Clinical Systems, Inc. (“CSI”), based in Garden City, New York, for approximately
   $19.7 million, net of cash on hand. CSI is a specialized provider to the U.S. clinical trials industry and is operating as part of
   CCL Label’s Healthcare and Specialty business.

                                                                                                               2020 Annual Report   11
M A N A G E M E N T ’ S D I S C U S S I O N A N D A N A LY S I S
Years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 (Tabular amounts in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share data)




•	In February 2020, the Company acquired the remaining 50% interest in its aluminum slug joint venture, Rheinfelden
   Americas, LLC (“Rheinfelden”), by assuming $18.8 million of net debt previously held in the venture. The business
   immediately changed its name to CCL Metal Science.
•	In January 2020, the Company acquired privately owned Ibertex Etiquetaje Industrial S.L.U. and Eti-Textil Maroc S.a.r.l. AU
   (“Eti-Textil”) for approximately $20.1 million, net of cash and debt. Eti-Textil, headquartered in Elche, Spain, with satellite
   manufacturing in Tangier, Morocco, is an apparel label producer that has been integrated into the Apparel Labeling Solutions
   (“ALS”) business of Checkpoint.
•	In January 2020, the Company acquired I.D.&C. World Holdco Ltd. (“ID&C”), with operations in Tunbridge Wells, U.K., and
   Bradenton, Florida, for approximately $35.5 million, net of cash acquired. ID&C is a global leader in live event badges and
   wristbands and is part of Avery’s growing direct-to-consumer business.
•	In January 2020, the Company acquired IDentilam Ltd. (“IDL”), based in Horsham, U.K., for approximately $2.9 million, net
   of cash acquired. IDL designs and develops a range of software solutions for event badging and identification cards and
   has been added to Avery’s direct-to-consumer operations.
•	In November 2019, the Company acquired Stuck On You Holdings Pty Ltd and Stuck on You Trading Pty Ltd (collectively,
   “SOY”) based in Melbourne, Australia, for approximately $7.2 million, net of cash acquired. SOY is a direct-to-consumer
   online digital print business expanding Avery’s presence in personalized “kids’ labels” in Australasia.
•	In June 2019, the Company acquired Say it Personally Limited (“STS”), a privately owned company based near East Grinstead
   in the U.K. for approximately $0.4 million, net of cash acquired. STS is a manufacturer of durable, personalized garment
   tags for the U.K. market and expands Avery’s direct-to-consumer online product offerings.
•	In May 2019, the Company acquired the shares of Colle à Moi Inc. (“CAM”), a privately owned company based in Quebec
   City, Canada, for approximately $3.1 million, net of cash acquired. CAM adds to Avery’s direct-to-consumer online digital
   print capabilities in personalized “kids’ labels.”
•	In April 2019, the Company acquired the shares of Hinsitsu Screen (Vietnam) Company Limited (“Hinsitsu”), based in Hanoi,
   Vietnam, for approximately $12.9 million, net of cash acquired. Hinsitsu is a leading supplier of durable and tamper-evident
   labels and graphic overlays for the electronics industry in the ASEAN region and was added to CCL Design within the
   CCL Segment.
•	In January 2019, the Company acquired Olympic Holding B.V. and its related subsidiaries (“Olympic”), a privately owned
   company based in Venray, Netherlands, for approximately $13.6 million, net of cash acquired. Olympic is a start-up
   technology company with a patented proprietary process to produce high-bond, acrylic foam tapes without the use of
   solvents for applications in the automotive, electronics and construction industries. Olympic was added to CCL Design
   within the CCL Segment.
•	In January 2019, the Company acquired Easy2Name Limited (“E2N”), a privately owned company based near Newbury, U.K.,
   for approximately $2.5 million, net of cash acquired. E2N expands Avery’s direct-to-consumer online digital print offering
   of durable, personalized “kids’ labels” to the U.K. market.
The acquisitions completed over the past few years, in conjunction with the building of new plants around the world, have
positioned the CCL Segment as the global leader for labels in the personal care, healthcare, food and beverage, durables,
security and specialty categories. Avery is the world’s largest supplier of labels, specialty converted media, and software
solutions to enable short-run digital printing in businesses and homes alongside complementary office products. Checkpoint
has added technology-driven loss-prevention, inventory-management and labeling solutions, including RF- and RFID-based
systems, to the retail and apparel industries. Innovia provides vertical integration, driving the Company deeper into polymer
sciences, enhancing the development of proprietary products for its customers.

F)   Subsequent Events
Prior to the release of the 2020 annual financial statements, the Company announced the following:
•	In January 2021, the immediate appointments of Ms. Linda A. Cash and Dr. Susana Suarez-Gonzalez to the Board of Directors
   and, effective May 2021, the retirement of Ms. Mandy Shapansky from the Board of Directors.




12    2020 Annual Report
G) Consolidated Annual Financial Results

Selected Financial Information

Results of Consolidated Operations
									                                                                            2020		            2019		                 2018
Sales 							       $ 5,242.3 $ 5,321.3 $ 5,161.5
Cost of sales								 3,740.1		 3,809.1		 3,662.7
Gross profit								 1,502.2		 1,512.2		 1,498.8
Selling, general and administrative expenses				 725.4		 774.6		 785.8
									 776.8		 737.6		 713.0
Earnings in equity-accounted investments						   9.5		   5.4		   5.3
Net finance cost								 (65.2)		(81.0)		(80.7)
Restructuring and other items 						           (27.6)		(25.0)		(14.8)
Earnings before income taxes						 693.5		                                                            637.0		                 622.8
Income taxes								 163.8		                                                                          159.9		                 156.0
                  $
Net earnings							 529.7                                                                      $      477.1       $           466.8
Basic earnings per Class B share						                                       $       2.96      $        2.68      $            2.64
Diluted earnings per Class B share						                                     $       2.94      $        2.66      $            2.61
Adjusted basic earnings per Class B share					                               $       3.08      $        2.79      $            2.73
Dividends per Class B share						                                            $       0.72      $        0.68      $            0.52
                  $
Total assets							 7,336.7                                                                    $     7,038.0      $      7,027.6
Total non-current liabilities						                                          $    2,792.5      $     2,992.3      $      3,007.6

Comments on Consolidated Results
Sales were $5,242.3 million for 2020, a decrease of 1.5% compared to $5,321.3 million recorded in 2019. This decrease in sales
includes an organic decline of 3.9%, partially offset by acquisition growth of 2.1% and a positive 0.3% impact from foreign
currency translation.
Consistent with 2019, approximately 98% of the Company’s 2020 sales to end-use customers are denominated in foreign
currencies. Consequently, changes in foreign exchange rates can have a material impact on sales and profitability when
translated into Canadian dollars for public reporting. The appreciation of the U.S. dollar, euro, U.K. pound, Chinese renminbi
and Thai baht by 1.1%, 3.0%, 1.5% 1.1% and 0.3%, respectively, was partially offset by a 22.1% and 9.0% depreciation of the
Brazilian real and Mexican peso, respectively, relative to the Canadian dollar in 2020 compared to average exchange rates
in 2019.
Selling, general and administrative expenses (“SG&A”) were $725.4 million for 2020, compared to $774.6 million reported in
2019. The decrease in SG&A expenses in 2020 relates to a reduction in corporate expenses as well as general reductions across
all business Segments of the Company. Corporate expenses for 2020 declined to $46.7 million, compared to $49.7 million
for 2019 due entirely to reduced long-term variable compensation expenses on diminished profitability improvement in the
second year of the cumulative plan.
Operating income (a non-IFRS measure; see “Key Performance Indicators and Non-IFRS Measures” in Section 5A) for 2020
was $823.5 million, an increase of 4.6% compared to $787.3 million for 2019. Foreign currency translation was a 0.3% positive
impact to consolidated operating income for 2020 compared to 2019. The CCL and Innovia Segments each increased
operating income while the Avery and Checkpoint Segments posted declines, compared to 2019. Further details on the
business segments follow later in this report.
Adjusted EBITDA in 2020 was $1,123.2 million, an improvement of 5.2% compared to $1,067.2 million recorded in 2019.
Excluding the impact of foreign currency translation, the increase was 5.0% over the prior year.
Net finance cost was $65.2 million for 2020, compared to $81.0 million for 2019. The 19.5% decline in net finance cost can
primarily be attributed to reduced total debt for the comparative years.




                                                                                                         2020 Annual Report     13
M A N A G E M E N T ’ S D I S C U S S I O N A N D A N A LY S I S
Years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 (Tabular amounts in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share data)




For the full year 2020, restructuring costs and other items represented an expense of $27.6 million ($20.8 million after tax)
as follows:
•	Restructuring expenses of $18.4 million ($14.2 million after tax), primarily related to severance and reorganization costs
   across the Company matching operational expenses to reduced economic activity resulting from the global CV19 pandemic.
•	Acquisition transaction costs totaled $1.1 million ($1.1 million after tax), for the nine acquisitions closed in 2020.
•	Other expenses of $8.1 million ($5.5 million after tax), related to the final judgement at the High Court of Australia for a
   pre-acquisition lawsuit against CCL Secure’s polymer banknote substrate business for wrongful termination in 2008 of an
   agency agreement in the amount of A$45.1 million ($43.0 million) including interest and legal costs. This final judgement
   was $8.6 million in excess of the amount accrued on the Innovia acquisition.
The negative earnings impact of these restructuring and other items in 2020 was $0.12 per Class B share.
For the full year 2019, restructuring costs and other items represented an expense of $25.0 million ($19.9 million after tax)
as follows:
•	Restructuring expenses of $11.1 million ($9.3 million after tax), primarily related to severance and reorganization costs for
   Innovia, Checkpoint’s European operations, and similar expenses in the CCL Segment due to slowing demand in the fourth
   quarter.
•	Acquisition transaction costs totaled $0.6 million ($0.6 million after tax), for the six acquisitions closed in 2019.
•	Other expenses of $13.3 million ($10.0 million after tax) related to the settlement of a lawsuit attributable to practices
   employed by the pre-acquisition management of Checkpoint.
The negative earnings impact of these restructuring and other items in 2019 was $0.11 per Class B share.
In 2020, the consolidated effective tax rate was 23.9%, compared to 25.3% in 2019, excluding earnings in equity-accounted
investments. The combined Canadian federal and provincial statutory tax rate was 25.8% for 2020 (2019 – 25.8%). The decline
in the consolidated effective tax rate for 2020 can be primarily attributed to a reduction in a valuation allowance on the
Company’s ability to utilize previously unrecognized deferred tax assets at one of its German entities.
Approximately 98% of the Company’s sales are from products sold to customers outside of Canada, and the income from
these foreign operations is subject to varying rates of taxation. The Company’s effective tax rate is also affected from year to
year due to the level of income in the various countries, recognition or reversal of tax losses, tax reassessments and income
and expense items not subject to tax.
Net earnings for 2020 increased 11.0% to $529.7 million, compared to $477.1 million recorded in 2019 due to the items
described above.
Basic earnings per Class B share were $2.96 for 2020 versus the $2.68 recorded for 2019. Diluted earnings per Class B share
were $2.94 for 2020 and $2.66 for 2019. The movement in foreign currency exchange rates in 2020 compared to 2019 had a
positive impact on the translation of the Company’s basic earnings of $0.01 per Class B share. The diluted weighted average
number of shares was 179.8 million for 2020, compared to 179.1 million for 2019.
As of December 31, 2020, the Company had 11.8 million Class A voting shares and 167.4 million Class B non-voting shares
issued and outstanding. In addition, the Company had outstanding stock options to purchase 2.4 million Class B non-voting
shares, 0.6 million restricted stock units (“RSU”) to issue 0.6 million Class B non-voting shares, and 0.2 million deferred share
units (“DSU”) outstanding to issue 0.2 million Class B non-voting shares. Lastly, the Company has a performance stock unit
(“PSU”) plan to issue up to 1.5 million Class B non-voting shares to participants at the end of 2021, provided the financial
performance criteria have been achieved and the participants are still employed by the Company. Since December 31, 2020,
there has been no change in the number of outstanding Class A voting shares, DSUs or PSUs to be issued; however, 29,688
stock options were exercised to purchase to 29,688 Class B non-voting shares from treasury shares and 8,348 RSU’s vested
and an additional 8,348 Class B non-voting shares were issued from treasury shares.
Adjusted basic earnings per Class B share was $3.08 for 2020, up 10.4% from $2.79 in 2019.
The movement in foreign currency exchange rates in 2020 versus 2019 had an estimated positive translation impact of $0.01
on adjusted basic earnings per Class B share. This estimated foreign currency impact reflects the currency translation in all
foreign operations.




14    2020 Annual Report
H) Seasonality and Fourth Quarter Financial Results
					 Unaudited		Unaudited		Unaudited		Unaudited		
2020				 Qtr 1		 Qtr 2		 Qtr 3		 Qtr 4		                                                                       Year
Sales
  CCL			$                                   838.8 $        781.6 $       877.0 $       860.2 $ 3,357.6
  Avery				                                 158.8		        146.2		       178.4		       150.8		 634.2
  Checkpoint				                            154.9		        121.6		       169.7		       189.3		 635.5
  Innovia 				                              144.0		        172.4		       148.3		       150.3		 615.0
Total sales			 $                           1,296.5    $   1,221.8   $   1,373.4   $   1,350.6      $      5,242.3
Segment operating income
  CCL			$                                   140.6 $        115.0 $       160.8 $       136.4 $ 552.8
  Avery				                                  32.1		         18.5		        35.7		        27.0		 113.3
  Checkpoint				                             12.1		          6.4		        29.6		        32.2		 80.3
  Innovia				                                15.5		         23.7		        20.2		        17.7		 77.1
Operating income         			 200.3		 163.6		 246.3		 213.3		 823.5
Corporate expenses				 10.5		                     7.5		 12.3		 16.4		 46.7
Restructuring and other items 			          1.8		  3.8		 16.2		  5.8		 27.6
Earnings in equity-accounted investments		(1.3)		(1.7)		(2.5)		(4.0)  (9.5)
					                                       189.3		        154.0		       220.3		       195.1		 758.7
Finance cost, net				                        17.1		         15.9		        16.4		        15.8		 65.2
Earnings before income taxes			             172.2		        138.1		       203.9		       179.3		 693.5
Income taxes				                             45.6		         34.2		        50.6		        33.4		 163.8
Net earnings			                      $      126.6     $    103.9    $    153.3    $    145.9       $           529.7
Per Class B share										
Basic earnings			$                           0.71     $     0.58    $     0.86    $     0.81       $            2.96
Diluted earnings			$                         0.70     $     0.58    $     0.86    $     0.80       $            2.94
Adjusted basic earnings			$                  0.72     $     0.59    $     0.93    $     0.84       $            3.08




                                                                                          2020 Annual Report     15
M A N A G E M E N T ’ S D I S C U S S I O N A N D A N A LY S I S
Years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 (Tabular amounts in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share data)




H) Seasonality and Fourth Quarter Financial Results (continued)
					 Unaudited		Unaudited		Unaudited		Unaudited		
2019				 Qtr 1		 Qtr 2		 Qtr 3		 Qtr 4		                                                                                              Year
Sales
  CCL			$                                                851.1 $              831.5 $              831.2 $             787.1 $ 3,300.9
  Avery				                                              157.6		              203.3		              207.6		             170.5		 739.0
  Checkpoint				                                         173.5		              177.3		              180.5		             192.8		 724.1
  Innovia 				                                           149.9		              142.1		              137.8		             127.5		 557.3
Total sales			 $                                       1,332.1       $      1,354.2       $       1,357.1         $   1,277.9   $   5,321.3
Segment operating income 										
  CCL			$                   142.0 $ 117.0 $ 127.2 $ 108.1 $                                                                          494.3
  Avery				 27.9		 45.3		 48.4		 34.9		                                                                                              156.5
  Checkpoint				 20.3		 23.1		 28.0		 25.0		                                                                                          96.4
  Innovia				 14.7		 13.3		                   6.2		   5.9                                                                             40.1
Operating income         			                             204.9		              198.7		              209.8		             173.9		       787.3
Corporate expenses				                                    14.3		               14.7		               18.1		               2.6		        49.7
Restructuring and other items 			                          1.4 		               2.1		                1.7		              19.8		        25.0
Earnings in equity-accounted investments		                (1.1)		              (1.2)		              (1.1)		             (2.0)		       (5.4)
					                                                    190.3		              183.1		              191.1		             153.5		       718.0
Finance cost, net				                                     22.0		               20.6		               19.5		              18.9		        81.0
Earnings before income taxes			                          168.3		              162.5		              171.6		             134.6		       637.0
Income taxes				                                          44.6		               41.2		               43.9		              30.2		       159.9
Net earnings			$                                         123.7       $        121.3       $        127.7          $    104.4    $    477.1
Per Class B share										
Basic earnings			$                                        0.70       $          0.68      $          0.71         $     0.59    $     2.68
Diluted earnings			$                                      0.69       $          0.68      $          0.71         $     0.58    $     2.66
Adjusted basic earnings			$                               0.71       $          0.69      $          0.72         $     0.67    $     2.79

Fourth Quarter Results
Sales for the fourth quarter of 2020 increased 5.7% to $1,350.6 million, compared to $1,277.9 million recorded in the 2019
fourth quarter. Excluding foreign currency translation, sales for the fourth quarter of 2020 increased by 5.3% compared to
the 2019 fourth quarter. This increase was due to 2.5% organic sales growth and 2.8% from acquisitions. The CCL and Innovia
Segments each recorded organic growth rates of 7.4% and 5.4%, respectively, partially offset by organic declines of 15.1%
and 3.8% at the Avery and Checkpoint Segments, respectively. CCL Segment sales gains for the Healthcare & Specialty, CCL
Design and CCL Secure were particularly robust for the quarter. Lower hardware sales in Checkpoint’s MAS product line more
than offset sales growth in apparel labeling, including RFID. Avery sales suffered from the cessation of fan-attended sports
event, concerts, trade conventions and conferences due to CV19 restrictions, resulting in significantly reduced demand for
event and name badges. Workplace closures also affected demand for organization products.
Operating income in the fourth quarter of 2020 increased 22.7% to $213.3 million, compared to $173.9 million in the fourth
quarter of 2019. For the fourth quarter of 2020, the CCL, Checkpoint and Innovia Segments improved operating income 26.2%,
28.8% and 200.0%, respectively, offsetting the 22.6% decline for the Avery Segment. Within the CCL Segment, Healthcare
& Specialty, Food & Beverage, CCL Design and CCL Secure all recorded significant profitability improvement due to sales
gains and productivity initiatives offsetting a slight decline in results for Home & Personal Care impacted by a downturn in
ASEAN markets and currency devaluations, especially in Latin America. Cost-savings initiatives benefited both the ALS and
MAS businesses of Checkpoint, as did favorable product mix. Innovia’s fourth quarter profitability benefited from solid organic
growth, resin-based price increases and productivity initiatives compared to the 2019 fourth quarter. Reduced demand for
Avery’s event and name badge business more than offset solid profitability improvement in direct–to-consumer labels and
workplace closures affected end-user demand for business lines sold through distribution.




16    2020 Annual Report
Corporate expenses were $16.4 million in the fourth quarter of 2020, compared to $2.6 million recorded in the prior-year
period. The increase in corporate costs is principally attributable to a prior period low that included a significant clawback
of previously accrued long-term variable compensation.
Adjusted EBITDA for the fourth quarter of 2020 was $283.9 million, up 11.5% compared to the $254.7 million for the 2019
comparable period. Adjusted EBITDA improved due to the aforementioned improvement at the CCL, Checkpoint and Innovia
Segments.
Net finance cost was $15.8 million for the fourth quarter of 2020 compared to $18.9 million for the fourth quarter of 2019.
Reduced total debt outstanding for the fourth quarter of 2020 compared to the fourth quarter of 2019 resulted in a reduction
of comparative net finance costs.
For the fourth quarter of 2020, restructuring costs and other items represented an expense of $5.8 million ($4.5 million after
tax) as follows:
•	Restructuring expenses primarily related to severance and reorganization costs for Checkpoint’s operations globally to
   match customer demand levels during the pandemic to operational costs.
The negative earnings impact of these restructuring and other items for the 2020 fourth quarter was $0.03 per Class B share.
For the fourth quarter of 2019, restructuring costs and other items represented an expense of $19.8 million ($15.3 million
after tax) as follows:
•	Restructuring expenses of $6.4 million ($5.2 million after tax), primarily related to severance and reorganization costs for
   Checkpoint’s European operations and similar expenses in the CCL Segment due to slowing demand in the fourth quarter.
•	Other expenses of $13.3 million ($10.0 million after tax), related to the settlement of a lawsuit attributable to practices
   employed by the pre-acquisition management of Checkpoint.
Tax expense in the fourth quarter of 2020 was $33.4 million, resulting in an effective tax rate of 19.0% compared to $30.2 million
and an effective tax rate of 22.8% in the prior-year period. The decline in the consolidated effective tax rate for the 2020
fourth quarter can be attributed to a reduction in a valuation allowance based on the Company’s ability to utilize previously
unrecognized deferred tax assets at one of its German entities.
Net earnings in the fourth quarter of 2020 increased 39.8% to $145.9 million, compared to net earnings of $104.4 million in
the 2019 fourth quarter. This increase reflects the items described above.
Basic earnings per Class B share were $0.81 in the fourth quarter of 2020, an increase of 37.3% compared to $0.59 in the
fourth quarter of 2019. The movement in foreign currency exchange rates in the fourth quarter of 2020 compared to 2019
had no impact.
Adjusted basic earnings per Class B share increased 25.4% to $0.84 for the fourth quarter of 2020, compared to $0.67 in the
corresponding quarter of 2019.

Summary of Seasonality and Quarterly Results
For the CCL and Innovia Segments, the first and second quarters are generally the strongest due to the number of workdays
and various customer-related activities. Also, there are many products that have a spring-summer bias in North America
and Europe such as agricultural chemicals and certain beverage products, which generate additional sales volumes for the
Company in the first half of the year. The polymer banknote business within the CCL Segment experiences intra-quarter
variations in sales influenced by Central Banks’ reorder volatility. For Avery, the third quarter has historically been its strongest,
as it benefits from increased demand related to back-to-school activities in North America, although the impact is expected
to diminish in future periods on secular declines in low-margin ring binder sales and the expansion of the Avery’s direct-to-
consumer businesses that do not have this seasonal bias. For Checkpoint, the second half of the calendar year is healthier
as the business substantially follows the retail cycle of its customers, which traditionally experiences more consumer activity
from September through to the end of the year and prepares for the same in its supply chain from mid-year on. Checkpoint’s
year-over-year comparative quarterly results often include one-time large chain-wide customer-driven hardware installations
that strengthen future reoccurring label revenues. Sales in the final quarter of the year are negatively affected in North America
by Thanksgiving and globally by the Christmas and New Year holiday season shutdowns.




                                                                                                               2020 Annual Report   17
M A N A G E M E N T ’ S D I S C U S S I O N A N D A N A LY S I S
Years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 (Tabular amounts in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share data)




Sales and net earnings comparability between the quarters of 2020 and 2019 were primarily affected by the magnitude of
CV19-related civil limitations by country, regional economic variances, the impact of foreign currency changes relative to the
Canadian dollar, the timing of acquisitions, the effect of restructuring initiatives, the impact of Central Bank reorder patterns,
tax adjustments and other items. In particular, the second quarter of 2020 experienced significant sales and profitability
declines associated with the broad impact of CV19 restrictions on the Company’s customer base. Checkpoint’s second quarter
results were particularly affected by the closure of non-essential retail outlets globally and apparel manufacturing hubs in
Asia. Innovia’s second quarter results benefited from volume increases partly powered by pantry-loading demand and strong
performance from the recently acquired Flexpol.
The 2020 third quarter was a record for the Company, driven by solid organic growth within the CCL Segment, particularly
high banknote demand at CCL Secure and strong results at Healthcare and Specialty. Avery’s third quarter back-to-school
sales in North America fell on highly abnormal school and college return conditions due to limitations related to the CV19
pandemic. Checkpoint results improved despite a decline in sales, on improved performance in its ALS operations, including
strong growth in RFID sales, cost-saving initiatives and favorable product mix.


2.   BUSINESS SEGMENT REVIEW

A) General
Over the last decade, all divisions invested significant capital and management effort to develop world-class manufacturing
operations, with spending allocated to geographic expansion, cost-reduction projects, the development of innovative products
and processes, the maintenance and expansion of existing capacity and the continuous improvement in health and safety
in the workplace, including environmental management. In particular, throughout 2020 each operating unit invested in the
necessary Personal Protective Equipment and enhanced processes for the safety of its employees, customers and suppliers
in order to remain open as a critical business in each regime the Company operates. The Company also makes strategic
acquisitions for global competitive advantage, servicing large customers, taking advantage of new geographic markets,
finding adjacent and new product opportunities, adding new customer segments, building infrastructure and improving
operating performance. The Avery and Checkpoint Segments and the CCL Design business within the CCL Segment are less
capital intensive as a percentage of sales than the Company’s other businesses. Further discussion on capital spending is
provided in the individual Segment discussion sections below.
Although each Segment is a leader in market share or has a significant position in the markets it serves in each of its
operating locales, it also operates generally in a mature and competitive environment. In recent years, consumer products
and healthcare companies have experienced steady pressure to maintain or even reduce prices to their major retail and
distribution channels, which has driven significant consolidation in the Company’s customer base. This has resulted in many
customers seeking supply-chain efficiencies and cost savings in order to maintain profit margins. Volatile commodity costs
have also created challenges to manage pricing with customers. These dynamics have been an ongoing challenge for the
Company and its competitors, requiring greater management and financial control and flexible cost structures. Unlike some
of its competitors, the Company has the financial strength to invest in the equipment and innovation necessary to constantly
strive to be the highest value-added producer in the markets that it serves.
The cost of many of the key raw material inputs for the Company, such as plastic films and resins, paper, specialty chemicals
and aluminum, are largely dependent on the supply and demand economics within the petrochemical, energy and base
metals industries. The Checkpoint Segment purchases component parts including circuit boards, memory chips and other
electronic modules from third parties. The significant cost fluctuations for these inputs can have an impact on the Company’s
profitability. The Company generally has the ability, due to its size and the use of long-term contracts with both suppliers and
customers, to mitigate volatility in purchased costs and, where necessary, to pass these on to the market in higher product
prices. However, the Innovia Segment can experience delays in price adjustments up or down to customers due to the nature
of its respective relationships and contracts. Innovia’s pricing mechanisms are more complex, involving multiple indices for
polypropylene used by customers and suppliers and differing terms in contracts when trigger points are arrived at for price
changes. Significant progress on renegotiating customer contracts to mitigate the impact of volatile input costs was made
in 2020 and 2019. However, this will be a multi-year initiative to evolve customer contracts to have efficient pass-through
mechanisms with appropriate margins. The success of the Company is dependent on each business managing the cost-and-
price equation with suppliers and customers.
A driver common to all Segments for maximizing operating profitability is the discipline of pricing contracts based on size
and complexity, including consideration for fluctuations in raw materials and packaging costs, manufacturing run lengths and
available capacity. This approach facilitates effective asset utilization and relatively higher levels of profitability. Performance is
generally measured by product against estimates used to calculate pricing, including targets for scrap and output efficiency.
An analysis of total utilization versus capacity available per production line or facility is also used to manage certain divisions
of the business. In most of the Company’s operations, the measurement of each sales order shipped is based on actual
selling prices and production costs to calculate the amount of actual profit margin earned and its return on sales relative to

18    2020 Annual Report
the established benchmarks. This process ensures that pricing policies and production performance are aligned in attaining
profit margin targets by order, by plant and by division.
Management believes it has both the financial and non-financial resources, internal controls and reporting systems and
processes in place to execute its strategic plan, to manage its key performance drivers and to deliver targeted financial results
over time. In addition, the Company’s internal audit function provides another discipline to ensure that its disclosure controls
and procedures and internal control over financial reporting will be assessed on a regular basis against current corporate
standards of effectiveness and compliance.
The Company is not particularly dependent upon specialized manufacturing equipment. Most of the technology employed
by the divisions can be sourced from multiple suppliers. The Company, however, has the resources to invest in large-scale
projects to build infrastructure in current and new markets because of its financial strength relative to that of many of its
competitors. Direct competitors in the CCL Segment are often smaller and may not have the financial resources to stay
current in maintaining state-of-the-art facilities. Certain new manufacturing lines take many months for suppliers to construct,
and any delays in delivery and commissioning can have an impact on customer expectations and the Company’s profitability.
The Innovia Segment, in addition to its unique method for producing BOPP films for label and packaging applications, also
provides the Company with the know-how and material science capability to develop proprietary substrates. Finally, the
Company also uses strategic partnerships as a method of obtaining exclusive technology in order to support growth plans
and to expand its product offerings. The Company’s major competitive advantage is based on its strong customer service,
process technology, the know-how of its people, market-leading brand awareness and loyalty, and the ability to develop
proprietary technologies and manufacturing techniques. In 2020, the Company announced a $35.0 million new capacity
investment for its proprietary “Ecofloat” shrink films. This hybrid polyolefin film facilitates easy separation from primary bottle
packaging to aid customers’ bottle-to-bottle circular recycling initiatives globally. The project commenced in early 2021, with
completion scheduled for early 2022.
The expertise of the Company’s employees is a key element in achieving the Company’s business plans. This know-how is
broadly distributed throughout the world; therefore, the Company is generally not at risk of losing its competency through
the loss of any particular employee or group of employees. Employee skills develop through on-the-job training and external
technical education, enhanced by the Company’s entrepreneurial culture of considering creative alternative applications and
processes for its products.
The nature of the research carried out by the CCL Segment can be characterized as application or process development. The
Company spends meaningful resources on assisting customers to develop new and innovative products. While customers
regularly come to CCL with concepts and request assistance to develop products, the Company also takes its own new ideas to
the market. Proprietary information is protected by confidentiality agreements and by limiting access to CCL’s manufacturing
facilities. The Company values the importance of protecting its customers’ brands and products from fraudulent use and,
consequently, is selective in choosing appropriate customer and supplier relationships.
Avery has a strong commitment to understanding its ultimate end users, actively seeking product feedback and using
consumer focus groups to drive product development initiatives. Furthermore, it leverages CCL Segment’s applications and
technology to deliver product innovation that aligns with consumer printable media trends. Avery has also invested in many
direct-to-consumer businesses globally and encourages the cross-pollination of unique products and best practices.
Checkpoint has always been an innovator in its industry, with a strong dedication to research and development activities.
It was the pioneer of RF electronic-article-surveillance hardware and consumables. Checkpoint has made further advances
with the active enhancement and deployment of RFID solutions, including inventory management software, to the retail and
apparel industries.
Innovia maintains a world-class research and development centre specifically dedicated to the support of films for label and
packaging applications. The new discoveries and product enhancements generated from this centre are deployed globally,
sometimes benefitting downstream businesses such as CCL Secure and CCL Label.
The Company continues to invest time and capital to upgrade and expand its information technology systems and security.
This investment is critical to keeping pace with customer requirements and in gaining or maintaining a competitive edge.
Software packages are, in general, off-the-shelf systems customized to meet the needs of individual business locations. The
CCL, Avery, Checkpoint and Innovia Segments communicate with many customers and suppliers electronically, particularly
with regard to supply-chain-management solutions and when transferring and confirming design formats and colours. A core
attribute of Avery’s printable media products is the customized software to enable short-run digital printing in businesses
and homes. Avery recognizes that it is critical to develop its software solutions to maintain its market-leading position with
consumers. Avery launched WePrint™, expanding its direct-to-consumer software solutions, and acquired the e-commerce
platforms of 13 companies over the past seven years, including E2N, CAM, STS, SOY, IDL, ID&C and InTouch, to leverage
acquired digital printing software into the pre-existing Avery suite.


                                                                                                             2020 Annual Report   19
M A N A G E M E N T ’ S D I S C U S S I O N A N D A N A LY S I S
Years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 (Tabular amounts in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share data)




Within the Avery Segment, most products are sold under the market-leading Avery brand and, with equal prominence in
German-speaking countries, the Zweckform brand name. Within the Checkpoint Segment, products are predominantly sold
under the Checkpoint brand and, for retail merchandising products in Europe and Asia Pacific, the Meto brand. The Company
recognizes that in order to maintain the pre-eminent positions for Avery, Zweckform, Checkpoint and Meto, it must continually
invest in promoting these brands. Product quality, innovation and performance are recognized attributes for the success of
these brands.
The Company deploys many initiatives to reduce the carbon footprint of its products and services to ensure the business is
sustainable. Collaborative logistic partnerships with customers and suppliers reduce use of wooden pallets and corrugated
boxes. New products help customers reduce their own carbon footprint such as CCL’s Eco Stretch Sleeves that decorate
PET beverage containers without adhesive or energy and patented “wash off” labels for reusable glass bottles, which lowers
the impact waste going to landfill. The Company’s greenfield sites are designed and constructed to specific standards to
reduce their carbon footprint, and some sites have adopted the use of solar power to run their facilities. In August 2020, CCL
Industries signed on to the New Plastics Economy Global Commitment, a part of the Ellen MacArthur Foundation, a circular
vision in which plastic never becomes waste. In December 2020, the Company released its first Sustainability Report entitled
“Laying the Groundwork for a Sustainable Future,” that covers material environmental and social responsibility issues and
policies as well as setting ambitious targets to reduce waste within its operations and its supply chain.

Business Segment Results
											                                                                                                       2020		     2019
Segment sales
  CCL									       $ 3,357.6 $ 3,300.9
  Avery										 634.2		 739.0
  Checkpoint										 635.5		 724.1
  Innovia 										 615.0		 557.3
                    $
Total sales 									 5,242.3                                                                                        $     5,321.3
Operating income*
 CCL								        $ 552.8 $                                                                                               494.3
 Avery										 113.3		                                                                                                    156.5
 Checkpoint										 80.3		                                                                                                 96.4
 Innovia 										 77.1		                                                                                                   40.1
                        $
Operating income									 823.5                                                                                      $      787.3
* This is a non-IFRS measure. Refer to “Key Performance Indicators and Non-IFRS Measures” in Section 5A.


Comments on Business Segments
The above summary includes the results of acquisitions on reported sales and operating income from the date of acquisition.

B)   CCL Segment

Overview
There are five customer sectors inside the CCL Segment. The Company trades in three of them as CCL Label and one
each as CCL Design and CCL Secure. The differentiated CCL sub-branding points to the nature of the application for the
final product. The sectors have many common or overlapping customers, process technologies, information technology
systems, raw material suppliers and operational infrastructures. CCL Label supplies innovative specialized label, plastic
tube, aluminum aerosol and specialty bottle solutions to Home & Personal Care and Food & Beverage companies, plus
regulated and complex multi-layer labels and specialty folded cartons for major pharmaceutical, consumer medicine, medical
instrument and industrial or consumer chemical customers referred to as the Healthcare & Specialty business. CCL Design
supplies long-life, high-performance labels and other products to automotive, electronics and durable goods companies.
CCL Secure supplies polymer banknote substrate, pressure sensitive stamps, passport components, ID cards and other
security documents to government institutions.
The Segment's product lines include pressure sensitive labels, shrink sleeves, stretch sleeves, in-mould labels, precision
printed and die cut metal, glass and plastic components, expanded content labels, pharmaceutical instructional leaflets,
specialty folded cartons, graphic security features, extruded or labeled plastic tubes, aluminum aerosols or specialty bottles
and printed polymer security film substrates. It currently operates 147 production facilities located in Canada, the United
States (including Puerto Rico), Argentina, Australia, Austria, Brazil, Chile, China, Denmark, Egypt, France, Germany, Hungary,
Ireland, Israel, Italy, Japan, Korea, Malaysia, Mexico, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Oman, Pakistan, Philippines, Poland,

20    2020 Annual Report
Russia, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, South Africa, Switzerland, Thailand, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, the United Kingdom and
Vietnam. The five plants in Russia and five plants in the Middle East, are connected to the equity investments in CCL-Kontur
and Pacman-CCL, respectively, and are included in the above locations.
This Segment’s industry is made up of a very large number of competitors that manufacture a vast array of decorative, product
information, identification and security label-type applications. The Company believes that CCL is the largest consolidated
operator in most of its defined global market sectors. Competition largely comes from single-plant businesses, often owned
by private operators who compete with the Segment in local markets. There are also a few multi-plant competitors in certain
regions of the world and specialists in a single market segment globally. However, there is no major competitor that has the
product breadth, global reach and scale of the CCL Segment.
The Company has completed numerous label acquisitions, strategic joint ventures and greenfield start-ups geographically
and added new product offerings to position CCL Label as a global leader in the Home & Personal Care, Food & Beverage and
Healthcare & Specialty end markets. CCL Design is an equally significant financial and geographic market for the CCL Segment,
principally focused on the automotive and electronics markets. The high-security, specialized polymer banknote operations
form an integral part of CCL Secure.
CCL produces labels predominantly from polyolefin films and paper partly sourced from extruding, coating and laminating
companies, using raw materials primarily from the petrochemical and paper industries. CCL also coats and laminates pressure
sensitive materials and is generally able to mitigate the cost volatility of third-party-sourced materials due to a combination
of purchasing leverage, agreements with suppliers and its ability to pass on these cost increases to customers. In the label
industry, price changes regularly occur as specifications are constantly changed by the marketers and, as a result, the selling
price of these labels is updated, reflecting current market costs and new shapes and designs.
CCL’s global customers are requiring more of their suppliers, expecting a full range of product offerings in more geographic
regions, further integration into their supply chain at a global level and protection of their brands, particularly in markets where
counterfeiting is rife. These requirements put many of the Segment’s competitors at a disadvantage, as do the investment
hurdles in converting equipment and technologies to deliver products, services and innovations. Having trusted and reliable
suppliers is an important consideration for global consumer product companies, major pharmaceutical companies, OEMs in
the durable goods business and, of course, Central Banks. This is even more important in an uncertain economic environment
when many smaller competitors may encounter difficulties and customers want to ensure their suppliers are financially viable.
CCL considers customers’ demand levels, particularly in North America and Western Europe, to be reasonably mature and,
as such, will continue to focus its expansion plans on innovative and higher growth product lines within those geographies,
with a view to improving overall profitability. In Asia, Latin America and other emerging markets, a higher level of economic
growth is still expected over the coming years, despite the slower conditions experienced in the past few years. This should
provide opportunities for the Segment to improve market share and increase profitability in these regions. Furthermore,
there is close alignment of label demand to consumer staples, with the exception of CCL Design and CCL Secure, which are
completely aligned to the automotive and electronics industries and government institutions and Central Banks, respectively.
Management believes the Segment will attain the sales volumes, geographic distribution and reach mirroring those of its
customers over the next few years through its focused strategy and by capitalizing on following customer trends.

CCL Segment Financial Performance
									                                                                                2020		 % Growth		                         2019
Sales							           $ 3,357.6		  1.7% $                                                                                    3,300.9
Operating income							$   552.8		 11.8% $                                                                                      494.3
Return on sales						 		 16.5%				                                                                                               15.0%

Sales in the CCL Segment for 2020 increased 1.7% to $3,357.6 million, compared to $3,300.9 million in 2019, driven by organic
growth of 1.1%, 0.7% from acquisition-related growth, partially offset by 0.1% negative impact from foreign currency translation.
Sales in 2020 for North America were up low single digit excluding the impact of currency translation and acquisitions,
compared to 2019. Home & Personal Care sales declined modestly on reduced demand for tubes and aerosols for higher-end
beauty, cosmetic and skin care products often sold in travel and specialty retail stores and hair salons. However, profitability
improved on strong operational execution and significantly higher sales of labels for cleansing applications. Healthcare &
Specialty results improved significantly on higher pandemic-related demand for over-the-counter medicines and sanitizers,
plus increased use of lawn and garden chemicals as consumers spent more time at home. Food & Beverage posted strong sales
growth especially for sleeves and pressure sensitive labels, leading to a corresponding profitability improvement. CCL Design
declined in sales and profitability due to the automotive industry shutdown during the second quarter. CCL Secure, which
is principally stamps and security products, slightly increased sales, with profitability flat to 2019. Overall, profitability and
return on sales improved significantly.

                                                                                                              2020 Annual Report    21
M A N A G E M E N T ’ S D I S C U S S I O N A N D A N A LY S I S
Years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 (Tabular amounts in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share data)




European sales were down low single digit for 2020, excluding currency translation and acquisitions compared to 2019. Home
& Personal Care sales declined modestly on weak demand in the U.K., however profitability improved in other countries on
good mix and solid operational execution. Healthcare & Specialty sales and profitability increased in most markets, offsetting
operational challenges in Scandinavia, France and Germany. Food & Beverage sales and profitability declined as mineral water
and soft drink customers’ “on premise” demand in bars, cafes and restaurants was reduced. Lower sales in automotive slightly
outpaced gains in electronics markets; however, profitability improved significantly on productivity initiatives and favorable
mix. CCL Secure posted exceptional results due to unusually high demand for banknotes during the pandemic compared to
2019. Overall, European profitability and return on sales improved compared to 2019.
Sales in Latin America, excluding currency translation, increased double digit for 2020 compared to 2019. Sales and profitability
in Mexico increased at CCL Label, CCL Design Automotive and CCL Secure offsetting declines at CCL Design Electronics.
Sales and profitability for aluminum aerosols improved significantly for 2020 compared to 2019. Sales in Brazil increased,
especially to Home & Personal Care and Food & Beverage customers, which significantly improved overall profitability and
offset declines in Healthcare & Specialty and Wine & Spirits. Currency devaluation resulted in overall flat operating income
for 2020 compared to 2019. Argentina and Chile posted reduced sales, but losses reduced significantly. Despite the negative
currency translation impact, operating income overall increased and return on sales improved dramatically.
Asia Pacific sales, excluding acquisitions and currency translation for 2020 were down single digit compared to 2019, largely
due to performance in Australia and South Africa. Sales and profits in China increased on strong end-market demand for
CCL Design electronics, partly offset by share loss in Home & Personal Care and slow sales to Beverage customers. Results in
Thailand declined on slower customer exports, partially offset by gains in Vietnam, Singapore and the Philippines. In Australia,
CCL Secure sales declined, but mix improved operating margins, while the closure of the wine label plant in Sydney reduced
profitability. The new Johannesburg Beverage plant closed in the second quarter along with the entire beer industry in South
Africa and reopened late in the third quarter, reducing sales and profitability. For the Asia Pacific region, operating income
declined slightly, but return on sales improved.
Operating income for the CCL Segment increased by 11.8% to $552.8 million for 2020 compared to $494.3 million for 2019.
Foreign currency translation had a negative effect of 0.1% on 2020 operating income compared to 2019. Operating income
as a percentage of sales improved to 16.5% in 2020 compared to the 15.0% return generated in the prior year.
The CCL Segment invested $197.8 million in capital spending in 2020 compared to $272.7 million last year. The major
expenditures were for equipment installations to support capacity additions for the Home & Personal Care, Food & Beverage
and CCL Design businesses globally. Depreciation and amortization for the CCL Segment was $209.3 million in 2020,
compared to $200.3 million in 2019.

C) Avery Segment
Avery is the world’s largest supplier of labels, specialty converted media and software solutions to enable short-run digital
printing in businesses and homes alongside complementary office products sold through distributors and mass-market
retailers. The products are split into three primary lines: (1) Printable Media: including address labels, shipping labels,
marketing and product identification labels, business cards, and name badges supported by customized software solutions;
(2) Organizational Products Group (“OPG”): including binders, sheet protectors, indexes, dividers and writing instruments;
and (3) Direct-to-Consumer: digitally imaged labels, business cards, name badges, event badges, wristbands and family-
oriented identification labels supported by unique web-enabled e-commerce URLs. Products in the Printable Media and
Direct-to-Consumer categories are predominantly used by businesses and individual consumers consistently throughout the
year; however, in the OPG category, North American consumers engage in the back-to-school surge during the third quarter.
Avery operates 17 manufacturing and three distribution facilities. Sales for Avery are principally generated in North America,
Europe and Australia, with a market-leading position. There is a small presence in Latin America. Most products are sold
under the market-leading Avery brand and, with equal prominence in German-speaking countries, under the Zweckform
brand name that is better known by consumers in that part of Europe, as well as the direct-to-consumer pc/nametag, Mabel’s
Labels, goedgemerkt, badgepoint, Imprint Plus, Easy2Name, Colle à Moi, Stuck on You, IDentilam, I.D.&C., and InTouch brands.
Avery reaches its consumers, including small businesses, through distribution channels that include mass-market
merchandisers, retail superstores, wholesalers, e-tailers, contract stationers, catalog retailing and direct-to-consumer
e-commerce. Merger activity and store closures in these distribution channels can lead to short-term volume declines as
customer inventory positions are consolidated. Avery is the leading brand in its core markets, with the principal competition
being lower-priced private label products. Avery has experienced secular decline in its core mailing address label product
as e-mail and internet-based digital communication has grown rapidly. In response, Avery has developed innovative new
products targeted at applications such as shipping labels and product identification. Avery has successfully launched its
proprietary direct-to-consumer e-commerce label design software platform WePrint™. Starting in 2014 with Nilles, and with
twelve more acquisitions since then, Avery has expanded its digital printing capabilities to custom-designed roll-fed labels,
the commercial graphic arts sector, the meetings and events planning industry, personalized identification labels for children

22    2020 Annual Report
and families, and event badges and wristbands. Some of these e-commerce platforms expanded rapidly during the pandemic
while others such as event and commercial-oriented badges weakened. Future growth rates in all these new businesses are
expected to outpace Avery’s legacy product lines. It is also the Company’s expectation that Avery will continue to open up
new revenue streams in short-run digital printing applications.

Avery Segment Financial Performance
									                                                                            2020		 % Growth		                         2019
Sales							           $ 634.2		 (14.2%) $                                                                                     739.0
                       $
Operating income 							 113.3		 (27.6%) $                                                                                     156.5
Return on sales							 17.9%				                                                                                                21.2%

Sales in the Avery Segment for 2020 were $634.2 million compared to the $739.0 million posted in 2019. The decrease was
due to an organic decline of 18.5%, partially offset by acquisition growth of 3.1% and the positive impact of foreign currency
translation of 1.2%.
North American sales declined double digits for 2020, excluding currency translation and acquisitions, compared to 2019.
Sales and profitability in Printable Media and Organizational Products lines declined due to workplace closures. In addition,
Organizational Products’ back-to-school sales reduced significantly on highly abnormal school and college return conditions
due to the pandemic. Sales and profitability for Direct-to-Consumer name and event badge and wristband categories were
severely depressed on the collapse of sports and leisure gatherings, conventions, and business meetings and conferences.
Partially offsetting the declines were dramatic improvements in results for the “WePrint™” and “Avery.com” online label
categories as well as a strong start for the newly acquired InTouch operation. Overall profitability declined, however return
on sales remained strong.
International sales, largely generated from products in the Printable Media and Direct-to-Consumer categories, represent
approximately 30% of the Avery Segment for 2020. Sales, excluding acquisitions and currency translation, were down mid-
single digit in Europe with significant organic growth in the “WePrint™” category, improving profitability that was more than
offset by reduced results in “kids’ labels” and name badging, as well as a poor start for the newly acquired wristband and
event badging businesses. Legacy Printable Media operations posted modestly lower results compared to the declines in
North America. Results were also down in the Asia Pacific and Latin American business units due to the pandemic.
Operating income for 2020 was $113.3 million compared to $156.5 million in 2019. Return on sales of 17.9% for 2020 was down
compared to 21.2% for 2019, largely due to the pandemic’s adverse impact on direct-to-consumer name badging operations
globally and the back-to-school seasonal surge in North America.
The Avery Segment invested $22.0 million in capital spending for 2020, compared to $13.5 million for 2019. The majority of
the expenditures in 2020 were for capacity additions in the direct-to-consumer operations in North America and Europe.
Depreciation and amortization for the Avery Segment was $19.3 million for 2020 compared to $17.3 million for 2019.

D) Checkpoint Segment

Overview
The Checkpoint Segment is a leading global manufacturer and provider of hardware and software systems, plus security
labels and tags, providing inventory control and loss-prevention solutions to world-leading retailers.
Checkpoint is a leading manufacturer of technology-driven loss-prevention, inventory-management and labeling solutions,
including RF and RFID solutions, to the retail and apparel industry. The Segment has three primary product lines: MAS, ALS
and Meto. The MAS line focuses on electronic-article-surveillance (“EAS”) systems; hardware, software, labels and tags for
loss prevention and inventory control systems including RFID solutions. ALS products are apparel labels and tags, some of
which are RFID capable. Meto is a small separately branded Europe-centric product line, including hand-held pricing tools
and labels and promotional in-store displays. All MAS and ALS products are sold under the Checkpoint brand.
Checkpoint is supported by 20 manufacturing facilities, nine distribution facilities and three product and software development
centres around the world. Checkpoint is headquartered in the United States but uses its global footprint to generate sales
internationally. Checkpoint sells directly to retailers or apparel manufacturers and competes with other global retail labeling
companies.
Checkpoint’s market-leading position, strong brand recognition and product development pipeline should still drive modest
growth despite a changing ‘brick-and-mortar’ retail landscape. Large contracts with retailers for hardware and software can
create significant quarter-to-quarter and, in some cases, year-to-year revenue volatility. However, Checkpoint’s comprehensive
solution of hardware and software also creates an important high-margin recurring revenue stream for its related consumables.


                                                                                                          2020 Annual Report    23
M A N A G E M E N T ’ S D I S C U S S I O N A N D A N A LY S I S
Years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 (Tabular amounts in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share data)




Moreover, CCL is also confident that Checkpoint can capture its share of the fast growing RFID market as retailers seek omni-
channel fulfillment systems.

Checkpoint Segment Financial Performance
									                                                                                           2020		 % Growth		      2019
Sales							           $ 635.5		 (12.2%) $                                                                                724.1
                       $
Operating income 							  80.3		 (16.7%) $                                                                                 96.4
Return on sales								 12.6% 			                                                                                          13.3%

Sales for the Checkpoint Segment were $635.5 million for 2020, compared to $724.1 million for 2019, driven by an organic
decline of 13.7%, partially offset by 0.7% acquisition growth and a 0.8% positive impact from foreign currency translation.
The Checkpoint Segment experienced dramatic sales and profitability reductions from February through May of 2020 in all
categories as CV19-related restrictions, firstly in China, affected profitability in manufacturing plants, next in March, moving
to shut down all non-essential retailing throughout Europe and Asia followed by further mandated closures in North America.
A strong recovery followed from June through the end of the year. MAS product lines posted 2020 sales and profitability
declines in all regions, more pronounced in North America in part due to strong market share gains in 2019. CV19-related
restrictions curtailed customer in-store hardware implementations in all jurisdictions, but label and tag sales were solid,
aiding results, especially in the second half peak retail season. ALS posted solid organic sales improvement subsequent
to the first half shutdown period as pent-up demand and rapid growth in RFID volumes, supported by cost savings, drove
strong profitability improvement for the year. The smaller Meto business recorded declines in sales and profitability for 2020
compared to 2019.
Operating income for 2020 was $80.3 million, a decrease of 16.7% compared to $96.4 million in 2020. Return on sales
was 12.6% for 2020, compared to 13.3% for 2019. Return on sales declined due to the aforementioned impacts of the CV19
pandemic in the first half of 2020.
The Checkpoint Segment invested $22.0 million in capital spending for 2020, compared to $28.9 million for 2019. The majority
of expenditures in 2020 were in the Asia Pacific region to enhance capacity in ALS manufacturing facilities. Depreciation and
amortization for the Checkpoint Segment was $29.1 million for 2020, compared to $29.6 million for 2019.

E)   Innovia Segment
The Innovia Segment consists of the Innovia film operations acquired in 2017, the Treofan film facility acquired in 2018, the
Flexpol facility acquired in 2020 and two small legacy film manufacturing facilities transferred from the CCL Segment. The
acquired operations, which comprise the majority of the Innovia Segment, provide a global footprint for the manufacture of
specialty high-performance, multi-layer, surface-engineered BOPP films, with a facility located in each of Australia, Belgium,
Mexico, Poland and the United Kingdom. These films are sold to customers in the label materials, flexible packaging and
consumer packaged goods industries worldwide, with a small percentage of the total volume consumed internally by
CCL Secure and CCL Label within the CCL Segment. The two smaller legacy facilities, one located in Germany and one in
the United States, produce almost their entire output for the CCL Segment’s Food & Beverage and Home & Personal Care
businesses, respectively.
Polypropylene resin is the most significant input cost for this Segment, derived from oil or natural gas and manufactured
globally by a limited number of producers. Polypropylene costs depend on the prices of natural gas, oil and the availability
of resin cracking capacity. Innovia does not use derivative financial instruments to hedge its exposure to volatility of
polypropylene prices; therefore, many of its large customer price agreements adjust for movements up and down in resin
cost. North American prices eased in 2019 through the first half of 2020 but increased rapidly in the final two quarters of the
year. European resin prices were more stable but also turned upwards in late 2020.
Film innovation remains a strategic focus for the Segment, investing resources in its industry-leading research and
development people and laboratory in the United Kingdom. This commitment has resulted in the development of unique
process technology, highly differentiated specialty BOPP films and innovative surface coating technology, keeping film
innovation at the forefront for the Segment.
In November 2020, the Company announced a $35.0 million new capacity investment for its proprietary “Ecofloat” shrink
films. This hybrid polyolefin film facilitates easy separation from primary bottle packaging to accommodate customers’
bottle-to-bottle circular recycling initiatives globally. The project commenced in early 2021 with completion scheduled for
early 2022.




24    2020 Annual Report
Innovia Segment Financial Performance
									                                                                             2020		 % Growth		                        2019
Sales							           $ 615.0		 10.4% $                                                                                       557.3
                       $
Operating income 							  77.1		 92.3% $                                                                                        40.1
Return on sales								 12.5%				                                                                                                7.2%

Sales in the Innovia Segment for 2020 increased 10.4% to $615.0 million, compared to $557.3 million in 2019 all on the Flexpol
acquisition contribution, as a 1.4% positive impact from foreign currency translation offset a 1.4% organic decline. Sales gains
to U.S. and Australia-based customers offset declines to European and Latin American customers in legacy operations.
Operating income improved 92.3% to $77.1 million compared to operating income of $40.1 million for 2019. Operating income
for 2019 included a $9.6 million pension curtailment gain, recorded in the fourth quarter of the year, associated with the
Company’s decision to close the legacy U.K. defined benefit plan. Therefore, comparative operating income improved 152.8%
from $30.5 million in 2019. Significantly improved mix, productivity initiatives in the U.K. and Mexico operations and enhanced
pass-through pricing mechanisms in customer sales agreements drove robust increases in profitability. Flexpol operations
in Poland, acquired late in the first quarter of 2020, performed ahead of expectations. Return on sales improved to 12.5% for
2020 compared to 7.2% for 2019.
The Innovia Segment invested $41.0 million in capital spending for 2020, compared to $30.2 million for 2019. The 2020
expenditures were largely for capacity enhancements in the European operations. Depreciation and amortization for the
Innovia Segment was $46.2 million for 2020, compared to $42.3 million for 2019.

F)   Joint Ventures
For the years ended December 31						                                                 2020		             2019		                 +/-
Sales (at 100%)						
  CCL Label joint ventures						 $ 133.2 $                                                              125.7		                 6.0%
  Rheinfelden*							 3.0		                                                                               2.4		                25.0%
       $
								 136.2                                                                                  $       128.1		                 6.3%
Earnings (losses) in equity-accounted investments (at 100%)					
  CCL Label joint ventures						                              $ 19.5 $                                   14.3		                36.4%
  Rheinfelden							 (0.5)		                                                                             (3.6)		               86.1%
							                                                                       $        19.0     $        10.7		                77.6%
* primarily sales to CCL Segment


Results from the joint ventures in CCL-Kontur, Russia; Pacman-CCL, Middle East and, up until the date of its acquisition by
the Company on February 14, 2020, Rheinfelden in the U.S. are not proportionately consolidated into a Segment but instead
are accounted for as equity investments. The Company’s share of the joint ventures net income is disclosed in Earnings in
equity-accounted investments in the consolidated income statement.
Both Pacman-CCL and CCL-Kontur had a record year as sales and profitability increased significantly on strong product
mix and market share gains. As expected, Rheinfelden Americas, the aluminum slug joint venture, began operating in the
first quarter of 2020, with a small start-up loss, after the facility was temporarily shuttered subsequent to the fire at the
facility in 2018 and ensuing replacement equipment delivery delays. Earnings in equity-accounted investments amounted to
$9.5 million for 2020, compared to $5.4 million for 2019.




                                                                                                          2020 Annual Report    25
M A N A G E M E N T ’ S D I S C U S S I O N A N D A N A LY S I S
Years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 (Tabular amounts in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share data)




3.      F I N A N C I N G A N D R I S K M A N AG E M E N T

A) Liquidity and Capital Resources
The Company’s leverage ratio is as follows:
For the years ended December 31									                                                                                     2020		               2019
Current debt									              $  51.8 $  38.8
Current lease liabilities									 34.2		 35.3
Long-term debt										 1,889.4		 2,234.8
Long-term lease liabilities									 119.2		 110.9
Total debt(1)										 2,094.6		 2,419.8
Cash and cash equivalents								 (703.7)		 (703.6)
Net debt(1)									    $ 1,390.9                                                                                                        $      1,716.2
Adjusted EBITDA								 $ 1,123.2                                                                                                        $      1,067.2
Net debt to Adjusted EBITDA(1)									                                                                                      1.24		                1.61
(1)
      Total debt, net debt and net debt to Adjusted EBITDA are non-IFRS measures; see “Key Performance Indicators and Non-IFRS Measures” in Section 5A.


In May 2020, the Company completed a rule 144A 3.05% private note offering due June 2030 in the principal amount of
US$600.0 million. These notes are unsecured senior obligations. The proceeds of the offering were almost entirely used to
repay borrowings on the Company’s unsecured syndicated revolving credit facility.
The Company’s debt structure at December 31, 2020, was primarily comprised of the 144A 3.05% private notes due June
2030 in the principal amount of US$600 million ($754.8 million), 144A 3.25% private notes due October 2026 in the principal
amount of US$500.0 million ($630.8 million), the $300.0 million principal amount 3.864% Series 1 Notes due April 2028, and
the term loan facility of US$161.0 million ($204.8 million). An additional loan facility resident in Australia was $50.2 million.
Outstanding contingent letters of credit totaled $4.1 million; accordingly, there was approximately US$1.2 billion of unused
availability on the revolving credit facility at December 31, 2020. The Company’s debt structure at December 31, 2019,
was primarily comprised of the 144A 3.25% private notes due October 2026 in the principal amount of US$500.0 million
($643.1 million), the $300.0 million Series 1 Notes, outstanding debt totaling $780.3 million under the unsecured syndicated
revolving credit facility and the term loan facility of US$366.00 million ($475.3 million). Additional loan facilities negotiated
in 2019 and resident in Mexico and Australia were $33.4 million and $37.6 million, respectively.
In February 2019, the term loan facility was amended by extending the maturity date to February 2021 and removing the
required US$12.0 million quarterly principal payments. In February 2020, the Company amended both its syndicated credit
facilities, extending the maturity of its US$366.0 term loan facility from February 2021 to February 2022 and the maturity of
its US$1.2 billion revolving credit facility from March 2023 to February 2025.
Net debt was $1,390.9 million at December 31, 2020, $325.3 million lower than the net debt of $1,716.2 million at December 31,
2019. Net debt declined due to net long-term debt repayments, inclusive of lease repayments of $358.4 million and the impact
of foreign currency translation on net debt.
Net debt to Adjusted EBITDA decreased to 1.24 times as at December 31, 2020, compared to 1.61 times at the end of 2019,
due to the decrease in net debt and an increase in Adjusted EBITDA. The measure continues to strengthen as the Company
strategically deploys its free cash flow for business acquisitions and capital expenditures.
The Company’s overall average finance rate was 2.29% as at December 31, 2020, compared to 2.35% as at December 31,
2019. The decrease in the average finance rate was caused by a decrease in rates on the Company’s variable rate debt at
December 31, 2020, compared to December 31, 2019.
Interest coverage (a non-IFRS measure; see “Key Performance Indicators and Non-IFRS Measures” in Section 5A) was 11.9 times
and 9.1 times in 2020 and 2019, respectively, indicative of lower net finance costs and higher operating income.
The Company’s approach to managing liquidity risk is to ensure that it will always have sufficient liquidity to meet liabilities
when they are due. The Company believes its liquidity will be satisfactory for the foreseeable future due to its significant
cash balances, its expected positive operating cash flow and the availability of its unused revolving credit line. The Company
anticipates funding all of its future commitments from the above sources but may raise further funds by entering into new
debt financing arrangements or issuing further equity to satisfy its future additional obligations or investment opportunities.




26       2020 Annual Report
B)   Cash Flow

Summary of Cash Flows
											                                                                                             2020		                 2019
Cash provided by operating activities								                                                  $       882.9  $  779.5
Cash used for financing activities								                                                            (461.3)		 (256.2)
Cash used for investing activities								                                                            (428.0)		 (376.1)
Effect of exchange rates on cash								                                                                 6.5		 (32.7)
Increase in cash and cash equivalents							                                                   $         0.1       $           114.5
Cash and cash equivalents – end of year							                                                 $       703.7       $           703.6

In 2020, cash provided by operating activities was $882.9 million, compared to $779.5 million in 2019. Free cash flow from
operations was $616.3 million for 2020, compared to $443.8 million in the prior year. Driving the improvement in these metrics
for 2020 were increased earnings, improved net working capital and, for the latter metric, reduced net capital expenditures
compared to 2019.
The Company maintains a rigorous focus on its investment in non-cash working capital. Days of working capital employed
(a non-IFRS measure; see “Key Performance Indicators and Non-IFRS Measures” in Section 5A) was 23 days and 24 days for
the years ended December 31, 2020, and December 31, 2019, respectively. The days working capital employed decreased as
the Company was able to drive efficiencies in its net working capital relative to the fourth quarter sales growth.
Cash used for financing activities in 2020 was $461.3 million, consisting of net debt repayments of long-term debt and
leases of $358.4 million and dividend payments of $128.7 million, partly offset by proceeds from the issuance of shares of
$25.8 million due to the exercise of stock options.
Cash used for investing activities in 2020 of $428.0 million was primarily for acquisitions that totaled $161.4 million and net
capital expenditures of $266.6 million.
After the above noted items and the $6.5 million positive effect of foreign currency rates, cash and cash equivalents increased
by $0.1 million in 2020 to $703.7 million.
Capital spending in 2020 amounted to $282.8 million and proceeds from capital dispositions were $16.2 million, resulting in
net capital expenditures of $266.6 million, compared to $335.7 million in 2019. Management reduced capital expenditures
in 2020 to preserve capital given the uncertain impact of the global CV19 pandemic. Depreciation and amortization in 2020
amounted to $305.0 million, compared to $290.5 million in 2019.
The Company is continuing to seek investment opportunities to expand its business geographically, add capacity in its
facilities and improve its competitiveness. As in previous years, capital spending will be monitored closely and adjusted based
on the level of cash flow generated.




                                                                                                          2020 Annual Report     27
M A N A G E M E N T ’ S D I S C U S S I O N A N D A N A LY S I S
Years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 (Tabular amounts in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share data)




C) Interest Rate, Foreign Exchange Management and Other Hedges
The Company periodically uses derivative financial instruments to hedge interest and foreign exchange rates. The Company
does not utilize derivative financial instruments for speculative purposes.
As the Company operates internationally with slightly over 2.0% of its 2020 sales to end-use customers denominated in
Canadian dollars, it has significant market risk exposure to changes in foreign exchange rates. Each subsidiary’s sales and
expenses are primarily denominated in its local currency, minimizing the foreign exchange impact on the operating results.
The Company also has exposure to market risks related to interest rate fluctuations on its debt. To mitigate this risk, the
Company maintains a combination of fixed and floating rate debt.
The Company periodically uses interest rate swap agreements to allocate notional debt between fixed and floating rates.
The Company believes that a balance of fixed and floating rate debt can reduce overall interest expense and is in line with its
investment in short-term assets such as working capital, and long-term assets such as property, plant and equipment. The
Company uses cross-currency interest rate swap agreements ("CCIRSA") as a means to convert U.S. dollar debt into euro debt
to hedge a portion of its euro-based investment and cash flows.
As at December 31, 2020, the Company utilized CCIRSAs to hedge its euro-based assets and cash flows, effectively converting
notional US$264.7 million 3.25% fixed rate debt into 1.23% fixed rate euro debt, US$111.5 million 3.25% fixed rate debt into
1.16% fixed rate euro debt, US$204.6 million 3.05% fixed rate debt into 2.06% fixed rate euro debt and US$203.9 million 3.05%
fixed rate debt into 2.00% fixed rate euro debt. The effect of the CCIRSAs has been to decrease finance cost by $14.9 million
for the year ended December 31, 2020 (2019 - $17.2 million).
The Company has potential credit risks arising from derivative financial instruments if a counterparty fails to meet its
obligations. The Company’s counterparties are large international financial institutions and, to date, no such counterparty
has failed to meet its financial obligations to the Company. As at December 31, 2020, the Company had $9.6 million potential
exposure to credit risk arising from derivative financial instruments.
As at December 31, 2020, the Company had US$1,261.0 million drawn under the 144A private bonds and term credit facility
which are hedging a portion of its U.S. dollar-based and euro-based investments and cash flows, inclusive of U.S. dollar debt
swapped to euros.

D) Equity and Dividends

Summary of Changes in Equity
For the years ended December 31									                                                                          2020 		   2019
Net earnings 								                                                                  $ 529.7  $  477.1
Dividends										 (128.7)		 (121.1)
Settlement of exercised stock options								                                             31.3		 29.2
Contributed surplus on expensing of stock options and stock-based compensation plans			    8.6		 18.8
Defined benefit plan actuarial loss, net of tax							                                    (3.5)		 (54.9)
Increase in accumulated other Comprehensive loss							                                  (52.9)   (124.5)
                          $
Increase in equity									 384.5                                                                                     $     224.6
Equity									                                    $  3,282.2 $ 2,897.7
Shares issued at December 31– Class A (000s)						 $  11,836  $ 11,836
				– Class B (000s)						                           167,380		166,790

In 2020, the Company declared dividends of $128.7 million, compared to $121.1 million declared in the prior year. As previously
discussed, the dividend payout ratio in 2020 was 23% (2019 – 24%) of adjusted earnings. After careful review of the current
year results, budgeted cash flow and income for 2021, the Board declared a 16.7% increase in the annual dividend: an increase
of $0.03 per Class B share per quarter, from $0.18 to $0.21 per Class B share per quarter ($0.84 per Class B share annualized).
If cash flow periodically exceeds attractive acquisition opportunities available, the Company may also repurchase its shares,
provided that the repurchase is accretive to earnings per share and it will not materially increase financial leverage beyond
targeted levels. The Company did not purchase any of its shares for cancellation in 2020.




28    2020 Annual Report
E)   Commitments and Other Contractual Obligations
The Company’s obligations relating to debt, leases and other liabilities at the end of 2020 were as follows:
                                                                                             December 31, 2020
                              December 31, 2019                                                             Payments Due by Period
                                             Carrying      Carrying   Contractual            0–6          6–12            1–2            2–5      More than
                                             Amount        Amount     Cash Flows          Months        Months           Years          Years       5 Years

Non-derivative financial liabilities								
  Secured bank loans                $ 0.5 $  0.8 $     0.8 $     0.2 $ 0.2 $ 0.2 $ 0.2 $ —
  Unsecured bank loans		              4.3   52.1		 52.1		 —		 50.2		 1.9		 —		 —
  Unsecured 144A 3.25%
		private notes		 643.1		 630.8		636.3		 —		 —		 —		 —		636.3
  Unsecured 144A 3.05%
		private notes		                      —		 754.8		763.5		 —		 —		 —		 —		763.5
  Unsecured 3.864%
		 Series 1 notes		 298.4		 298.6		300.0		 —		 —		 —		 —		300.0
  Unsecured syndicated
		 bank credit facility		 851.3		           (1.9)		 —		 —		 —		 —		 —		 —
  Unsecured syndicated
		 bank term credit facility		 475.3		 204.8		204.9		 —		 —		204.9		 —		 —
  Other long-term obligations		       0.7		  1.1		 1.1		 1.1		 —		 —		 —		 —
  Interest on unsecured
		 bank credit facilities		             *		    *		 6.9*		 1.6		 1.5		 1.9		 1.9		 —
  Interest on 144A 3.25%
		private notes		                       *		    *		113.7*		 5.1		 10.4		 20.7		 62.0		 15.5
  Interest on 144A 3.05%
		private notes		                      —		     *		212.4*		 9.7		 11.7		 23.3		 69.9		 97.8
  Interest on unsecured 3.864%
		 Series 1 notes		                     *		    *		 81.5*		 3.3		 5.7		 11.6		 34.8		 26.1
  Interest on other
		long-term debt		                      *		    *		 0.6		 0.3		 0.3		 —		 —		 —
  Trade and other payables		 1,035.6		 1,135.7		   1,135.7*		1,135.7		 —		 —		 —		 —
Accrued post-employment
  benefit liabilities		                 *		    *		206.0*		 2.4		 2.4		 17.6		 63.1		120.5
Lease liabilities		 146.2		 153.4		160.6		 19.5		 20.6		 28.0		 45.7		 46.8
Total contractual
 cash obligations                       $ 3,455.4       $ 3,230.2     $ 3,876.1      $ 1,178.9       $ 103.0        $ 310.1        $ 277.6       $2,006.5

* Accrued long-term employee benefit and post-employment benefit liability of $12.4 million, accrued interest of $9.6 million on unsecured notes, unsecured
   bonds, unsecured two-year term loan and unsecured syndicated credit facilities, and accrued interest of $2.5 million on derivatives are reported in trade
   and other payables in 2020 (2019: $12.4 million, $8.0 million and $1.5 million, respectively).


Pension Obligations
The Company sponsors a number of defined benefit plans in countries that give rise to accrued post-employment benefit
obligations. The accrued benefit obligation for these plans at the end of 2020 was $836.5 million (2019 – $768.0 million)
and the fair value of the plan assets was $454.8 million (2019 – $402.8 million), for a net deficit of $381.7 million (2019 –
$365.2 million). Contributions to defined benefit plans during 2020 were $16.2 million (2019 – $25.3 million). The Company
expects to contribute $48.7 million to pension plans in 2021, inclusive of defined contribution plans. These estimated funding
requirements will be adjusted annually, based on various market factors such as interest rates, expected returns and staffing
assumptions, including compensation and mortality. The Company’s contributions are funded through cash flows generated
from operations. Management anticipates that future cash flows from operations will be sufficient to fund expected future
contributions. Details of the Company’s pension plans and related obligations are set out in note 20, “Employee Benefits,” of
the Company’s 2020 annual consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                                                  2020 Annual Report    29
M A N A G E M E N T ’ S D I S C U S S I O N A N D A N A LY S I S
Years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 (Tabular amounts in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share data)




Other Obligations and Commitments
The Company has provided various loan guarantees for its joint ventures and associates totaling $23.3 million (2019 –
$42.3 million). The Company has posted surety bonds through accredited insurance companies globally totaling $57.0 million
(2019 – $71.3 million). The nature of these commitments is described in note 26 and note 27 of the Company’s 2020 annual
consolidated financial statements. There are no defined benefit plans funded with the Company’s stock.

F)   Controls and Procedures
Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that all relevant information is gathered and
reported to senior management, including the President and Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) and the Senior Vice President
and Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”), on a timely basis so that appropriate decisions can be made regarding public disclosure.
The Company’s Disclosure Committee reviews all external reports and documents before publication to enhance disclosure
controls and procedures.
As at December 31, 2020, based on the continued evaluation of the disclosure controls and procedures, the CEO and the
CFO have concluded that the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in National Instrument 52-109,
Certificate of Disclosure in Issuers Annual and Interim Filings (“NI 52-109”), are effective to ensure that information required to
be disclosed in reports and documents that the Company files or submits under Canadian securities legislation is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified.
Internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with IFRS. Management is
responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. NI 52-109 requires CEOs and
CFOs to certify that they are responsible for establishing and maintaining internal control over financial reporting for the
issuer, that internal control has been designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with IFRS, that the internal control over financial reporting is
effective, and that the issuer has disclosed any changes in its internal control during the year ended December 31, 2020, that
has materially affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect its internal control over financial reporting.
Based on the evaluation of the design and operating effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting,
the CEO and the CFO concluded that internal control over financial reporting was effective as at December 31, 2020.
There were no material changes in internal control over financial reporting in the financial year ended December 31, 2020.


4 . R I S KS A N D U N C E R TA I N T I E S
The Company is subject to the usual commercial risks and uncertainties from operating as a Canadian public company and
as a supplier of goods and services to the non-durable consumer packaging and consumer durables industries on a global
basis. A number of these potential risks and uncertainties that could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial
condition and results of operations of the Company are, in no particular order, as follows:

Covid-19 Pandemic
In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared a global pandemic related to CV19. The impacts on global commerce
have been and are anticipated to continue to be far-reaching. CV19 has resulted in unprecedented governmental actions
in multiple jurisdictions, including the closure of workplaces determined to be non-essential, the imposition of new health
and monitoring requirements and the imposition of restrictions on the international, national and local movement of people
and some goods. There have been significant disruptions to business operations, supply chains and customer activity
and demand; service cancellations, reductions and other changes; the imposition of quarantines and curfews; as well as
considerable general concern and uncertainty. There has been significant stock market volatility and significant volatility in
foreign exchange and commodity markets. While CV19-related governmental and public health imposed restrictions were
partially relaxed in a number of jurisdictions during the second and third quarters of 2020, renewed, and in some instances,
heightened restrictions have since been imposed or are contemplated in multiple jurisdictions. While the Company’s
operations have been determined by most jurisdictions to be essential businesses and have continued to operate throughout
the pandemic with limited disruptions, there can be no assurance that this will continue to be the case throughout the
duration of the CV19 pandemic or that such plants will operate at pre-pandemic staffing and production levels. CV19 continues
to have varying impacts by geography and sector on the Company’s employees, suppliers and customers and on the demand
for the respective products that the Company and its customers produce. While the introduction, beginning in late 2020, of
vaccines designed to offer protection against CV19 offers the possibility of a reduction in the duration of the pandemic, the
time needed for widespread availability and distribution of such vaccines, their duration and efficacy against the emergence
and spread of new strains of CV19, as well as the levels of public participation in inoculation programs, remain uncertain.
The duration of the pandemic and its impact on the Company’s financial performance and position is an area of estimation
uncertainty and judgment, which is continuously monitored and reflected in management’s estimates.

30    2020 Annual Report
The impacts of the CV19 pandemic that may have an effect on the Company include: a change in short-term and/or long-
term demand and/or pricing for the Company’s products; reductions in production levels; increased costs resulting from the
Company’s efforts to mitigate the impact of CV19; deterioration of worldwide credit and financial markets that could limit the
Company’s ability to obtain external financing to fund operations and capital expenditures, and result in a higher rate of losses
on accounts receivable due to counterparty credit defaults; disruptions to supply chains; impairments and/or write-downs
of assets; restrictions on movement of workforce; reductions in the labour force; the closure of workplaces; and adverse
impacts on the Company’s information technology systems and internal control systems as a result of the need to maintain
remote work arrangements. A material adverse effect on the Company’s employees, customers and/or suppliers could have
a material adverse effect on the Company.
Significant uncertainty remains with respect to the future impact of CV19 on the Company’s businesses. As a result,
the Company’s expected financial results for 2021 and beyond may be negatively impacted by continued CV19-related
disruptions. The Company cannot currently estimate the severity of any such impact, which may be material. The overall
severity and duration of CV19-related adverse impacts on the Company’s businesses will depend on future developments that
cannot currently be predicted, including directives of governmental and public health authorities, the extent and duration of
governmental assistance for individuals and businesses adversely affected by CV19, the effectiveness of inoculation programs,
the extent to which suppliers and customers are impacted by renewed operating restrictions and closures and the speed at
which they are able to return to normalized production levels, the level of consumer demand, the status of labour availability
and the ability to staff the Company’s operations and facilities. Even after CV19 outbreaks have subsided, the Company may
continue to experience material adverse impacts to its businesses as a result of CV19’s global economic impact, including
any related recession.

Potential Risks Relating to Significant Operations in Foreign Countries
The Company operates plants in North America, Europe, Latin America, Africa, Asia, Australia and the Middle East. Sales to
customers located outside of Canada in 2020 were approximately 98% of the Company’s total sales, a level similar to that
in 2019. Non-Canadian operating results are translated into Canadian dollars at the average exchange rate for the period
covered. The Company has significant operating bases in both the United States and Europe. In 2020, 40% and 32% of total
sales were to customers in the United States and Europe, respectively. The Company’s operating results and cash flows
could be negatively impacted by slower or declining growth rates in these key markets. The sales from business units in
Latin America, Asia, South Africa and Australia in 2020 were 26% of the Company’s total sales. In addition, the Company has
equity accounted investments in Russia, the United States and the Middle East. There are risks associated with operating a
decentralized organization in 191 manufacturing facilities in 42 countries around the world with a variety of different cultures
and values. Operations outside of Canada, the United States and Europe are perceived generally to have greater political
and economic risks and include the Company’s operations in Latin America, parts of Asia, Russia and the Middle East. These
risks include, but are not limited to, fluctuations in currency exchange rates, inflation, changes in foreign law and regulations,
government nationalization of certain industries, currency controls, potential adverse tax consequences and locally accepted
business practices and standards that may not be similar to accepted business practices and standards in North America and
Europe. Although the Company has controls and procedures intended to mitigate these risks, these risks cannot be entirely
eliminated and may have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial results of the Company.

Competitive Environment
The Company faces competition from other suppliers in all the markets in which it operates. There can be no assurance that
the Company will be able to compete successfully against its current or future competitors or that such competition will not
have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Company. This competitive
environment may preclude the Company from passing on higher material, labour and energy costs to its customers. Any
significant increase in in-house manufacturing by customers of the Company could adversely affect the business, financial
condition and results of operations of the Company. In addition, the Company’s consolidated financial results may be
negatively impacted by competitors developing new products or processes that are of superior quality to those of the
Company or that fit the Company’s customers’ needs better, or have lower costs; or by consolidation within the Company’s
competitors or by further pricing pressure being placed on the industry by the large retail chains.

Foreign Exchange Exposure and Hedging Activities
Sales of the Company’s products to customers outside Canada account for approximately 98% of the revenue of the Company.
Because the prices for such products are quoted in foreign currencies, any increase in the value of the Canadian dollar relative
to such currencies, in particular the U.S. dollar and the euro, reduces the amount of Canadian dollar revenues and operating
income reported by the Company in its consolidated financial statements. The Company also buys inputs for its products
in world markets in several currencies. Exchange rate fluctuations are beyond the Company’s control and there can be no
assurance that such fluctuations will not have a material adverse effect on the reported results of the Company. The use of
derivatives to provide hedges of certain exposures, such as interest rate swaps, forward foreign exchange contracts and
aluminum futures contracts, could impact negatively on the Company’s operations.
                                                                                                            2020 Annual Report   31
M A N A G E M E N T ’ S D I S C U S S I O N A N D A N A LY S I S
Years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 (Tabular amounts in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share data)




Retention of Key Personnel and Experienced Workforce
Management believes that an important competitive advantage of the Company has been, and will continue to be, the know-
how and expertise possessed by its personnel at all levels of the Company. While the machinery and equipment used by the
Company are generally available to competitors of the Company, the experience and training of the Company’s workforce
allows the Company to obtain a level of efficiency and a level of flexibility that management believes to be high relative to
levels in the industries in which it competes. To date, the Company has been successful in recruiting, training and retaining
its personnel over the long term, and while management believes that the know-how of the Company is widely distributed
throughout the Company, the loss of the services of certain of its experienced personnel could have a material adverse effect
on the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Company.
The operations of the Company are dependent on the abilities, experience and efforts of its senior management team. To date,
the Company has been successful in recruiting and retaining competent senior management. Loss of certain members of the
executive team of the Company could have a disruptive effect on the implementation of the Company’s business strategy and
the efficient running of day-to-day operations. This could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition
and results of operations of the Company.

Acquired Businesses
As part of its growth strategy, the Company continues to pursue acquisition opportunities where such transactions are
economically and strategically justified. However, there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to identify
attractive acquisition opportunities in the future or have the required resources to complete desired acquisitions, or that
it will succeed in effectively managing the integration of acquired businesses. The failure to implement the acquisition
strategy, to successfully integrate acquired businesses or joint ventures into the Company’s structure, or to control operating
performance and achieve synergies may have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of
operations of the Company.
In addition, there may be liabilities that the Company has failed or was unable to discover in its due diligence prior to the
consummation of the acquisition. In particular, to the extent that prior owners of acquired businesses failed to comply with
or otherwise violated applicable laws, including environmental laws, the Company, as a successor owner, may be financially
responsible for these violations. A discovery of any material liabilities could have a material adverse effect on the business,
financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Long-Term Growth Strategy
The Company has experienced significant and steady growth over the last decade. The Company’s organic growth initiatives
coupled with its international acquisitions over the last number of years can place a strain on a number of aspects of its
operating platform including human infrastructure, operational capacity and information systems. The Company’s ability
to continually adapt and augment all aspects of its operational platform is critical to realizing its long-term growth strategy.
Another key aspect to the Company’s growth strategy includes increased development of the Company’s presence in
emerging markets that could create exposure to unstable political conditions, economic volatility and social challenges. If
the Company cannot adjust to its anticipated growth, results of operations may be materially adversely affected.

Lower than Anticipated Demand
Although the Checkpoint Segment enjoys the advantage of significantly lower customer concentration than the rest of the
Company, the Segment is heavily dependent on the retail marketplace. Changes in the economic environment including the
liquidity and financial condition of its customers, the impact of online customer spending or reductions in retailer spending
and new store openings could adversely affect the Segment’s sales. A reduction in the commitment for chain-wide installations
due to decreased consumer spending that results in reduced demand for loss prevention by retail customers or failure by the
Segment to develop new technology that entices the customer to maintain its commitment to Checkpoint’s loss prevention
products and services may also have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition and results of
operations.

Exposure to Income Tax Reassessments
The Company operates in many countries throughout the world. Each country has its own income tax regulations and
many of these countries have additional income and other taxes applied at state, provincial and local levels. The Company’s
international investments are complex and subject to interpretation in each jurisdiction from a legal and tax perspective.
The Company’s tax filings are subject to audit by local authorities, and the Company's positions in these tax filings may be
challenged. The Company may not be successful in defending these positions and could be involved in lengthy and costly
litigation during this process and could be subject to additional income taxes, interest and penalties. This outcome could
have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Company.



32    2020 Annual Report
Realization of Deferred Tax Assets
The Company needs to generate sufficient taxable income in future periods in certain foreign and domestic tax jurisdictions
to realize the tax benefit. If there is a significant change in the time period within which the underlying temporary difference
or loss carry-forwards become taxable or deductible, the Company may have to revise its unrecognized deferred tax assets.
This could result in an increase in the effective tax rate and could have a material adverse effect on future results. Changes
in statutory tax rate may change the deferred tax asset or liability, with either a positive or a negative impact on the effective
tax rate. The computation and assessment of the ability to realize the deferred tax asset balance is complex and requires
significant judgment. New legislation or a change in underlying assumptions may have a material adverse effect on the
business, financial condition and results of the Company.

Fluctuations in Operating Results
While the Company’s operating results over the past several years have indicated a general upward trend in sales and net
earnings, operating results within particular product forms, within particular facilities of the Company and within particular
geographic markets have undergone fluctuations in the past and, in management’s view, are likely to do so in the future.
Operating results may fluctuate in the future as a result of many factors in addition to the global economic conditions, and
these factors include the volume of orders received relative to the manufacturing capacity of the Company, the level of price
competition (from competing suppliers both in domestic and in other lower-cost jurisdictions), variations in the level and
timing of orders, the cost of raw materials and energy, the ability to develop innovative solutions and the mix of revenue
derived in each of the Company’s businesses. Operating results may also be impacted by the inability to achieve planned
volumes through normal growth and successful renegotiation of current contracts with customers and by the inability to
deliver expected benefits from cost-reduction programs derived from the restructuring of certain business units. Any of
these factors or a combination of these factors could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and
results of operations of the Company.

Insurance Coverage
Management believes that insurance coverage of the Company’s facilities addresses all material insurable risks, provides
coverage that is similar to that which would be maintained by a prudent owner/operator of similar facilities and is subject
to deductibles, limits and exclusions that are customary or reasonable given the cost of procuring insurance and current
operating conditions. However, there can be no assurance that such insurance will continue to be offered on an economically
feasible basis or at current premium levels, that the Company will be able to pass through any increased premium costs or that
all events that could give rise to a loss or liability are insurable, or that the amounts of insurance will at all times be sufficient
to cover each and every loss or claim that may occur involving the assets or operations of the Company.

Brexit
The U.K.’s withdrawal from the European Union (“E.U.”), commonly referred to as “Brexit,” became effective on January 31,
2020 and was followed by an 11-month transition period, during which the trading rules and relationship remained largely
unchanged. Upon the expiry of the transition period, the U.K. left the E.U. Single Market and Customs Union, as well as all E.U.
policies and international agreements, with the result being that the free movement of persons, goods, services and capital
between the E.U. and the U.K. ended and two separate markets and regulatory jurisdictions were formed. On January 1, 2021,
the E.U. – U.K. Trade and Cooperation Agreement (the “TCA”) became effective. The TCA provides preferential access to the
U.K. and to E.U. members to each other’s markets, without tariffs or quotas on imported products between the jurisdictions.
However, economic relations between the U.K. and the E.U. will now be on more restricted terms than existed prior to Brexit.
It is difficult to predict the severity of the impact of these changes on the Company’s U.K. and E.U. based operations. Goods
moving between the U.K. and any member of the E.U. will be subject to additional inspections and documentation checks,
leading to possible higher transportation and regulatory costs, as well as delays at ports of entry and departure. Such delays
could adversely impact elements of the Company’s supply chain and also the Company’s ability to meet customers’ delivery
schedules. The U.K. has yet to determine which E.U. laws and regulations to replace or replicate and compliance with any
amended or additional laws and regulations could increase the Company’s costs. To the extent that higher costs are incurred
by the Company which cannot be passed on to its customers, this could decrease the profitability of the Company’s U.K.
and E.U. operations. Brexit and the perceptions as to its impact may adversely affect business activity, political stability,
consumer and corporate confidence and economic conditions in the U.K., in those countries that have adopted the euro as
their currency (the “Eurozone”), in the E.U. and elsewhere. The economic outlook could be further adversely affected by: (i) the
risk that one or more other E.U. countries could come under increasing pressure to leave the E.U; (ii) the risk that the euro as
the single currency of the Eurozone could cease to exist; and (iii) the risk that movements in the U.K. pound exchange rates
related to Brexit could damage competitiveness or profitability, as a significant portion of the Company’s U.K. transactions
are priced in U.S. dollars and euros. In addition, any of these developments, or the perception that any of these developments
are likely to occur, could have a material adverse effect on economic growth or business activity in the U.K., the Eurozone, the
E.U. or elsewhere and could result in the relocation of businesses, cause business interruptions, lead to economic recession


                                                                                                               2020 Annual Report   33
M A N A G E M E N T ’ S D I S C U S S I O N A N D A N A LY S I S
Years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 (Tabular amounts in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share data)




or depression, and impact the stability of the financial markets, availability of credit, political systems or financial institutions
and the financial and monetary system. Given that the Company conducts a significant portion of its business in the E.U. and
the U.K., any of these developments could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial position, liquidity and
results of operations of the Company.

Catastrophic Events
Natural disasters, such as earthquakes, tsunamis, floods or wildfires, public health crises, such as epidemics and pandemics,
political instability, acts of terrorism, war or other conflicts and other events outside of the Company’s control, may adversely
impact its business and operating results. In addition to the direct impact that such events could have on the Company’s
facilities and workforce, these types of events could negatively impact consumer spending in the impacted regions or,
depending on the severity, globally, which would impact the Company’s customers and in turn impact demand for its products.

Dependence on Customers
The Company has a modest dependence on certain customers. The Company’s two largest customers combined accounted
for approximately 9.0% (2019 – 9.0%) of the consolidated revenue for the fiscal year 2020. The five largest customers of
the Company represented approximately 16.2% (2019 – 16.5%) of the total revenue for 2020 and the 25 largest customers
represented approximately 35.8% (2019 – 36.4%) of the total revenue. Several thousand customers make up the remainder
of total revenue. Although the Company has strong partnership relationships with its customers, there can be no assurance
that the Company will maintain its relationship with any particular customer or continue to provide services to any particular
customer at current levels. A loss of any significant customer, or a decrease in the sales to any such customer, could have a
material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Consolidation within
the consumer products marketer base and office retail superstores could have a negative impact on the Company’s business,
depending on the nature and scope of any such consolidation.

Environmental, Health and Safety Requirements and Other Considerations
The Company is subject to numerous federal, provincial, state and municipal statutes, regulations, by-laws, guidelines and
policies, as well as permits and other approvals related to the protection of the environment and workers' health and safety.
The Company maintains active health and safety and environmental programs for the purpose of preventing injuries to
employees and pollution incidents at its manufacturing sites. The Company also carries out a program of environmental
compliance audits, including an independent third-party pollution liability assessment for acquisitions, to assess the adequacy
of compliance at the operating level and to establish provisions, as required, for environmental site remediation plans. The
Company has environmental insurance for most of its operating sites, with certain exclusions for historical matters.
Despite these programs and insurance coverage, further proceedings or inquiries from regulators on employee health and
safety requirements, particularly in Canada, the United States and the European Economic Community (collectively, the
“EHS Requirements”), could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations of
the Company. In addition, changes to existing EHS Requirements, the adoption of new EHS Requirements in the future, or
changes to the enforcement of EHS Requirements, as well as the discovery of additional or unknown conditions at facilities
owned, operated or used by the Company, could require expenditures that might materially affect the business, financial
condition and results of operations of the Company to the extent not covered by indemnity, insurance or covenant not to
sue. Furthermore, while the Company has generally benefited from increased regulations on its customers’ products, the
demand for the services or products of the Company may be adversely affected by the amendment or repeal of laws or by
changes to the enforcement policies of the regulatory agencies concerning such laws.




34    2020 Annual Report
Operating and Product Hazards
The Company’s revenues are dependent on the continued operation of its facilities and its customers. The operation of
manufacturing plants involves many risks, including the failure or substandard performance of equipment, natural disasters,
suspension of operations and new governmental statutes, regulations, guidelines and policies. The total loss of certain of
the Company’s manufacturing plants could have a significant financial impact on the affected business segment, particularly
where the plant represents a single or significant source of supply. The operations of the Company and its customers are
also subject to various hazards incidental to the production, use, handling, processing, storage and transportation of certain
hazardous materials. These hazards can cause personal injury, severe damage to and destruction of property and equipment
and environmental damage. Furthermore, the Company may become subject to claims with respect to workplace exposure,
workers' compensation and other matters. The Company’s pharmaceutical and specialty food product operations are subject
to stringent federal, state, provincial and local health, food and drug regulations and controls, and may be impacted by
consumer product liability claims and the possible unavailability and/or expense of liability insurance. The Company prints
information on its labels and containers that, if incorrect, could give rise to product liability claims. A determination by
applicable regulatory authorities that any of the Company’s facilities are not in compliance with any such regulations or
controls in any material respect may have a material adverse effect on the Company. A successful product liability claim
(or a series of claims) against the Company in excess of its insurance coverage could have a material adverse effect on the
business, financial condition and results of operations of the Company. There can be no assurance as to the actual amount of
these liabilities or the timing thereof. The occurrence of material operational problems, including, but not limited to, the above
events, could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

The Timing and Volume of New Banknote Orders
The CCL Secure banknote substrate operation is dependent on government procurement decisions and the volume and
timing of new or replacement banknote orders is often uncertain. These decisions can be influenced by many political factors
that could delay or reduce the volume of banknote orders. The impact of new large volume banknote orders may result in the
Company having to invest in material capital projects to support government procurement decisions. As a result, volatility
may be created in the cash flows and in the financial results of the CCL Secure operations and could have a material adverse
effect on the financial condition of the Company.

Decline in Address Mailing Labels
Since the advent of e-mail, traditional mail volumes have declined, particularly over the past decade. Address labels used for
traditional mail has historically been a core product for the Avery business. There is a direct correlation of address label sales
volumes to the quantity of mail in circulation in each of the markets in which Avery operates. Accordingly, a further dramatic
decline in traditional mail volume, without the introduction of offsetting new consumer printable media applications in Avery,
could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Product Security
CCL Secure’s banknote substrate business is involved in high security applications and must maintain highly secured facilities
and product shipments. CCL Secure maintains vigorous security and material control procedures. All employees, guests and
third party contractors with access to facilities and products are prudently screened and monitored. However, the loss of a
product, counterfeiting of a high security feature or the breach of a secured facility as a result of negligence, collusion or
theft is possible. Loss of product whilst in transit, particularly during transshipment, through the failure of freight management
companies or the loss of the shipment vehicle by accident or act of God is possible. Consequently, the financial damage and
potential reputational impairment on CCL Secure may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial
condition and results of operations.

Financial Reporting
The Company prepares its financial reports in accordance with accounting policies and methods prescribed by IFRS. In
the preparation of financial reports, management may need to rely upon assumptions, make estimates or use their best
judgement in determining the financial condition of the Company. Significant accounting policies are described in more
detail in the notes to the Company’s annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2020. In
order to have a reasonable level of assurance that financial transactions are properly authorized, assets are safeguarded
against unauthorized or improper use and transactions are properly recorded and reported, the Company has implemented
and continues to analyze its internal control systems for financial reporting. Although the Company believes that its financial
reporting and financial statements are prepared with reasonable safeguards to ensure reliability, the Company cannot provide
absolute assurance in that regard.




                                                                                                            2020 Annual Report   35
M A N A G E M E N T ’ S D I S C U S S I O N A N D A N A LY S I S
Years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 (Tabular amounts in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share data)




Compliance with Anti-Bribery and Export Laws
Due to the Company’s global operations, the Company is subject to many laws governing international relations, including
those that prohibit improper payments to government officials and commercial customers, and which may restrict where the
Company can do business, what information or products the Company can supply to certain countries and what information
the Company can provide to foreign governments, including but not limited to the Canadian Corruption of Foreign Public
Officials Act (“CFPOA”), the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (“FCPA”), the U.K. Bribery Act and the U.S. Export Administration
Act. The Company’s policies mandate compliance with these anti-bribery laws. The Company operates in many parts of the
world that have experienced governmental corruption to some degree and, in certain circumstances, strict compliance with
anti-bribery laws may conflict with local customs and practices. Given the high level of complexity of these laws, there is a risk
that some provisions may be inadvertently or intentionally breached, for example through fraudulent or negligent behavior
of individual employees, the Company’s failure to comply with certain formal documentation requirements or otherwise.
Additionally, the Company may be held liable for actions taken by local dealers and partners. If the Company is found to be
liable for CFPOA, FCPA or other violations (either due to the Company’s own acts or through inadvertence, or due to the acts
or inadvertence of others), the Company could suffer from civil and criminal penalties or other sanctions, which could have
a material adverse impact on the Company’s business, financial condition, and results of operations.

New Product Developments
Markets are continually evolving based on the ingenuity of the Company and its competitors, consumer preferences and new
product identification and information technologies. In particular, customers and consumers are seeking more sustainable
product offerings using recyclable components and enabling circularity in product use. To the extent that any such new
developments result in a decrease in the use of any of the Company’s products, a material adverse effect on the financial
condition and results of operations could occur.
Checkpoint’s ability to create new products and to sustain existing products is affected by whether the Company can
develop and fund technological innovations, such as those related to the next generation of product solutions, evolving
RFID technologies, and other innovative security devices, software and systems initiatives. The failure to develop and launch
successful new products could have a material adverse effect on Checkpoint’s business, financial condition and results of
operations.
Although the Innovia Segment has a unique manufacturing process for its BOPP and CCL Secure is the leading manufacturer
of polymer banknote substrate, it is dependent on its ability to constantly evolve the technological capabilities of its products
to meet the demands of its customer base. New scientific advancements in polymer film manufacturing could curtail the
use of Innovia’s BOPP, while the advancement of e-commerce and cashless societies may outmode the need for polymer
banknotes. Failure to invest in intellectual properties and perpetually innovate may result in lower demand for films and
banknote substrate and could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition and results of
operations.

Labour Relations
While labour relations between the Company and its employees have been stable in the recent past and there have been
no material disruptions in operations as a result of labour disputes, the maintenance of a productive and efficient labour
environment cannot be assured. Accordingly, a strike, lockout or deterioration of labour relationships could have a material
adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Legal and Regulatory Proceedings
Any alleged failure by the Company to comply with applicable laws and regulations in the countries of operation may lead
to the imposition of fines and penalties or the denial, revocation or delay in the renewal of permits and licenses issued by
governmental authorities or litigation. In addition, governmental authorities, as well as third parties, may claim that the
Company is liable for environmental remediation or damages. A significant judgment against the Company, the loss of a
significant permit or other approval or the imposition of a significant fine or penalty could have a material adverse effect on
the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Company.
Moreover, the Company may from time to time be notified of claims that it may be infringing patents, copyrights or other
intellectual property rights owned by other third parties. Any litigation could result in substantial costs and diversion of
resources, and could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. In the future, third parties may assert infringement claims against the Company or its customers. In the event of
an infringement claim, the Company may be required to spend a significant amount of money to develop a non-infringing
alternative or to obtain licenses. The Company may not be successful in developing such an alternative or obtaining a license
on reasonable terms, if at all. In addition, any such litigation could be lengthy and costly and could have a material adverse
effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Company.


36    2020 Annual Report
The Company may also be subject to claims arising from its failure to manufacture a product to the specifications of its
customers or from personal injury arising from a consumer’s use of a product or component manufactured by the Company.
While the Company will seek indemnity from its customers for claims made against the Company by consumers, and while
the Company maintains what management believes to be appropriate levels of insurance to respond to such claims, there
can be no assurance that the Company will be fully indemnified by its customers or that insurance coverage will continue
to be available or, if available, will be adequate to cover all costs arising from such claims. In addition, the Company could
become subject to claims relating to its prior or acquired businesses, including environmental and tax matters, or claims by
third parties, such as distributors or agents. There can be no assurance that insurance coverage will be adequate to cover
all costs arising from such claims.
Specifically, during 2018, the Federal Court of Australia awarded a judgment and costs against a subsidiary of the Company,
CCL Secure Pty Ltd. (formerly Innovia Security Pty Ltd.) (“ISPL”), totaling A$70.0 million ($63.8 million), finding a wrongful
termination of an agency agreement with Benoy Berry and a company controlled by him, Global Secure Currency Ltd.
(collectively “Berry”), an arm’s length third party in Nigeria. ISPL appealed the judgment. As part of the appeals process, the
Australian court of appeals mandated that the Company guarantee the entire judgment in order to stay execution of the
judgment pending resolution of the appeal. On appeal, the Australian court of appeals reduced the total damages awarded
to Berry to A$4.8 million ($4.4 million) including interest and Berry’s estimated legal costs, and awarded ISPL a portion of its
appeal costs. Berry appealed the reduced award to the High Court of Australia. In the third quarter of 2020, the High Court
of Australia issued a final judgement for Berry in the sum of approximately A$45.1 million ($43.0 million), including interest
and Berry’s legal costs. The final judgement was $8.6 million in excess of the previously recorded provision, which had been
accrued as part of the 2017 Innovia acquisition for this matter, and is reported in Restructuring and Other Items.
In the first quarter of 2019, a hearing on a jurisdictional issue was heard in respect of a lawsuit launched in 2011 by Berry in
Nigerian Federal Court against ISPL and Innovia Films Ltd. (collectively “IFL”), as well as other defendants not affiliated with
ISPL. The court denied IFL’s motion to dismiss the lawsuit on the jurisdictional issue. IFL is appealing that decision to the
highest appeals court in Nigeria. The lawsuit alleges that IFL and the co-defendants committed to build a banknote substrate
plant in Nigeria and Berry seeks an order requiring IFL and the co-defendants to build the plant or in lieu thereof, grant an
award of total damages in the amount of €1.5 billion ($2.2 billion). IFL intends to vigorously defend this claim, which the
Company considers to be without merit and accordingly, the Company has made no provision for the matter.

Defined Benefit Post-Employment Plans
The Company is the sponsor of a number of defined benefit plans in twelve countries that give rise to accrued post-employment
benefit obligations. Although the Company believes that its current financial resources combined with its expected future
cash flows from operations and returns on post-employment plan assets will be sufficient to satisfy the obligations under
these plans in future years, the cash outflow and higher expenses associated with these plans may be higher than expected
and may have a material adverse impact on the financial condition of the Company.

Breach of Legal and Regulatory Requirements
CCL Secure’s banknote substrate operation has the highest accreditation within the security printing industry. This
accreditation provides governments and Central Banks with assurance in respect of safeguarding high ethical standards and
business practices. Violation of CCL Secure’s highly strict requirements and constant detailed oversight in relation to bribery,
corruption and anti-competitive activities remains a risk in an industry expecting the highest ethical standards. Consequently,
the financial damage and potential reputational impairment on CCL Secure that could arise if the standards and practices
are compromised, or perceived to have been compromised, may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business,
financial condition and results of operations.

Material Disruption of Information Technology Systems
The Company is increasingly dependent on information technology (“IT”) systems to manufacture its products, process
transactions, respond to customer questions, manage inventory, purchase, sell and ship goods on a timely basis and maintain
cost-efficient operations, as well as maintain its e-commerce websites. Any material disruption or slowdown of the systems,
including a disruption or slowdown caused by the Company’s failure to successfully upgrade its systems, system failures,
viruses or other causes, could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. If changes in technology cause the Company’s information systems to become obsolete or if information
systems are inadequate to handle growth, the Company could incur losses and costs due to interruption of its operations.




                                                                                                          2020 Annual Report   37
M A N A G E M E N T ’ S D I S C U S S I O N A N D A N A LY S I S
Years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 (Tabular amounts in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share data)




The Company maintains information within its IT networks and on the cloud to operate its business, as well as confidential
personal employee and customer information. The secure maintenance of this information is critical to the Company’s
operations and reputation. The Company invests in hardware and software to prevent the risk of intrusion, tampering and
theft. Any such unauthorized breach of the IT infrastructure could compromise the data maintained, which could cause the
corruption or exposure of confidential or proprietary information, a significant disruption in operations, the loss or theft of
critical data and financial resources and meaningful harm to the Company’s reputation, any of which could result in a material
adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations.

Impairment in the Carrying Value of Goodwill and Indefinite-Life Intangible Assets
As of December 31, 2020, the Company had approximately $2.4 billion of goodwill and indefinite-life intangible assets on its
consolidated statement of financial position, the value of which is reviewed for impairment at least annually. The assessment
of the value of goodwill and intangible assets depends on a number of key factors requiring estimates and assumptions
about earnings growth, operating margins, discount rates, economic projections, anticipated future cash flows and market
capitalization. There can be no assurance that future reviews of goodwill and intangible assets will not result in an impairment
charge. Although it does not affect cash flow, an impairment charge does have the effect of reducing the Company’s earnings,
total assets and equity.

Raw Materials and Component Parts
Although the Company is a large customer to certain key suppliers, it is also an inconsequential buyer of some materials. The
ability to grow earnings will be affected by inflationary and other increases in the cost of electronic sub-assemblies and raw
materials, aluminum ingot, slugs and foils, resins, extruded films, pressure sensitive laminates, paper, binder rings and plastic
components. Inflationary and other increases in the costs of raw materials, labour and energy have occurred in the past and
are expected to reoccur, and the Company’s performance depends in part on its ability to pass these cost increases on to
customers in the price of its products and to effect improvements in productivity. The Company may not be able to fully offset
the effects of raw material costs and other sourced components through price increases, productivity improvements or cost-
reduction programs. If the Company cannot obtain sufficient quantities of these items at competitive prices, of appropriate
quality and on a timely basis, it may not be able to produce sufficient quantities of product to satisfy market demand, product
shipments may be delayed, or its material or manufacturing costs may increase. Innovia is sensitive to price movements in
polypropylene resin used in its BOPP films for label, packaging and security applications. Polypropylene is the most significant
input cost for the Innovia Segment and is traded in the market, with prices linked to the market price of natural gas and
refining capacity. Price movements must be managed and, where necessary, passed along to the Segment’s customers.
Failure to pass along higher costs in a timely and effective manner to its customers could have a material adverse effect on
the Innovia Segment’s business and profitability. Checkpoint’s supply chain relies significantly on components sourced from
factories in Asia; therefore, supply disruption and tariff changes could adversely affect sales and profitability. Avery’s U.S.
supply chain relies almost completely on its plant in Tijuana, Mexico; supply disruption, changes to border controls or the
failure to implement the provisions of the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement on trade could adversely affect sales
and profitability. Overall, any of these problems could result in the loss of customers and revenue, provide an opportunity
for competing products to gain market acceptance and have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial
condition and results of operations.

Credit Ratings
The credit ratings currently assigned to the Company by Moody’s and S&P, or that may in the future be assigned by other
rating agencies, are subject to amendment in accordance with each agency’s rating methodology and subjective modifiers
driving the credit rating opinion. There is no assurance that any rating assigned to the Company will remain in effect for any
given period of time or that any rating will not be revised or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency in the future. A downgrade
in the credit rating assigned by one or more rating agencies could increase the Company’s cost of borrowing or impact
the Company’s ability to renegotiate debt, and may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition
and profitability.

Share Price Volatility
Changes in the Company’s stock price may affect access to, or cost of, financing from capital markets and may affect stock-
based compensation arrangements. The Company’s stock price has appreciated significantly over the last five years and is
influenced by the financial results of the Company, changes in the overall stock market, demand for equity securities, relative
peer group performance, market expectation of future financial performance and competitive dynamics among many other
things. There is no assurance that the Company’s share price will not be volatile in the future.




38    2020 Annual Report
Protection of Intellectual Property
Certain of the Company’s products involve complex technology and chemistry and the Company relies on maintaining
protection of this intellectual property and proprietary information to maintain a competitive advantage. The infringement,
expiration or other loss of these patents and other proprietary information would reduce the barriers to entry into the
Company’s existing lines of business and may result in loss of market share and a decrease in the Company’s competitiveness,
which could have an adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. There also can
be no assurance that the patents previously obtained or to be obtained by the Company in the future will provide adequate
protection of such intellectual property or adequately maintain any competitive advantage.

Dividends
The declaration and payment of dividends is subject to the discretion of the Board of Directors taking into account current
and anticipated cash flow, capital requirements, the general financial condition of the Company and global economy as
well as the various risk factors set out above. The Board of Directors intends to pay a consistent dividend with consistent
increases over time. However, the Board of Directors may in certain circumstances determine that it is in the best interests
of the Company to reduce or suspend the dividend. In that situation, the trading price of the Company’s Class A and Class B
shares may be materially affected.

Climate Change
Event risks caused by global climate change, including the frequency and severity of weather-related events, could damage
the Company’s facilities, disrupt operations, impact revenues and cash flow, and create financial risk. These could result in
substantial costs for emergency response efforts during the event, reinstatement of regular business operations and repair or
replacement of premises and equipment. The potential impact or financial consequence of such events is highly uncertain.
The Company's operations are spread over more than 191 locations around the world and therefore subject to varying climate
change event risks.
Global climate change also gives rise to other risks to the Company’s business and operations, including increased regulation
and market shifts in supply and demand, which are also difficult to predict. Many countries in which the Company carries on
business are at differing stages of developing policy and regulations regarding carbon emissions and other environmental
impacts which could significantly affect the Company’s business, create financial obligations and increase operating costs.
Increased public awareness of climate change may impact consumer demand for the Company’s customers' products. The
Company’s failure to innovate more sustainable or circular economy products could have a material adverse effect on its
financial condition and profitability.
The Company’s failure to implement environmental, social and governance targets and initiatives, or to achieve its sustainability
targets could have a material adverse impact on its financial condition and profitability.




                                                                                                           2020 Annual Report   39
M A N A G E M E N T ’ S D I S C U S S I O N A N D A N A LY S I S
Years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 (Tabular amounts in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share data)




5.   AC C O U N T I N G P O L I C I E S A N D N O N - I F R S M E A S U R E S

A) Key Performance Indicators and Non-IFRS Measures
CCL measures the success of the business using a number of key performance indicators, many of which are in accordance
with IFRS as described throughout this report. The following performance indicators are not measurements in accordance with
IFRS and should not be considered as an alternative to or replacement of net earnings or any other measure of performance
under IFRS. These non-IFRS measures do not have any standardized meaning and may not be comparable to similar measures
presented by other issuers. In fact, these additional measures are used to provide added insight into the Company’s results
and are concepts often seen in external analysts’ research reports, in financial covenants in banking agreements and note
agreements, in purchase and sales contracts on acquisitions and divestitures of the business, and in discussions and reports
to and from the Company’s shareholders and the investment community. These non-IFRS measures will be found throughout
this report and are referenced alphabetically in the definition section below.
Adjusted Basic Earnings per Class B Share – An important non-IFRS measure to assist in understanding the ongoing earnings
performance of the Company, excluding items of a one-time or non-recurring nature. It is not considered a substitute for basic
net earnings per Class B share, but it does provide additional insight into the ongoing financial results of the Company. This
non-IFRS measure is defined as basic net earnings per Class B share, excluding gains on dispositions, goodwill impairment
loss, non-cash acquisition accounting adjustments, restructuring and other items and tax adjustments.

Earnings per Class B Share
										 Three Months Ended			 Twelve Months Ended
										 December 31			                December 31

								                                                                       2020		               2019                2020		        2019
Basic earnings					                           $ 0.81 $                                               0.59         $     2.96 $        2.68
Net loss from restructuring and other items		   0.03		                                               0.08               0.12		        0.11
Adjusted basic earnings				                                          $         0.84        $         0.67         $     3.08    $     2.79

Adjusted EBITDA – A critical financial measure used extensively in the packaging industry and other industries to assist in
understanding and measuring operating results. It is also considered as a proxy for cash flow and a facilitator for business
valuations. This non-IFRS measure is defined as earnings before net finance cost, income taxes, depreciation and amortization,
goodwill impairment loss, earnings in equity accounted investments, non-cash acquisition accounting adjustments,
restructuring and other items. The Company believes that Adjusted EBITDA is an important measure as it allows the assessment
of the Company’s ongoing business without the impact of net finance costs, depreciation and amortization and income tax
expenses, as well as non-operating factors and unusual items. As a proxy for cash flow, it is intended to indicate the Company’s
ability to incur or service debt and to invest in property, plant and equipment, and it allows comparison of the Company’s
business to that of its peers and competitors who may have different capital or organizational structures. Adjusted EBITDA
is a measure tracked by financial analysts and investors to evaluate financial performance and is a key metric in business
valuations. Adjusted EBITDA is considered an important measure by lenders to the Company and is included in the financial
covenants for the Company’s bank lines of credit.
The following table reconciles Adjusted EBITDA measures to IFRS measures reported in the annual consolidated income
statements for the periods ended as indicated.
										 Three Months Ended			 Twelve Months Ended
										 December 31			                December 31

								                                                                       2020		               2019                2020		        2019
Net earnings 					                          $                                 145.9  $              104.4  $ 529.7              $    477.1
Corporate expense        					                                                 16.4                   2.6     46.7                    49.7
Earnings in equity-accounted investments				                                   (4.0)                 (2.0)    (9.5)                   (5.4)
Finance cost, net						                                                        15.8		                18.9		 65.2                      81.0
Restructuring and other items 					                                             5.8		                19.8     27.6                    25.0
Income taxes             					                                                 33.4                  30.2    163.8                   159.9
Operating income 					                                               $        213.3       $         173.9         $    823.5  $      787.3
Less: Corporate expense					                                                  (16.4)                 (2.6)             (46.7)		      (49.7)
Add: Depreciation and amortization				                                         87.0                  83.4              346.4         329.6
Adjusted EBITDA (a non-IFRS measure)			                              $        283.9       $        254.7          $   1,123.2   $   1,067.2



40    2020 Annual Report
Days Working Capital Employed – A measure indicating the relative liquidity and asset intensity of the Company’s working
capital. It is calculated by multiplying the net working capital by the number of days in the quarter and then dividing by the
quarterly sales. Net working capital includes trade and other receivables, inventories, prepaid expenses, trade and other
payables, and income taxes recoverable and payable. The following table reconciles the net working capital used in the days
of working capital employed measure to IFRS measures reported in the consolidated statements of financial position as at
the periods ended as indicated.

Days Working Capital Employed
At December 31										                                                                               2020 		                2019
Trade and other receivables 								 $    922.8  $    849.2
Inventories										 533.5		 481.6
Prepaid expenses										 35.3		 36.6
Income taxes recoverable								           29.0		 34.0
Trade and other payables								       (1,135.7)		 (1,035.6)
Income taxes payable										 (40.3)		 (38.1)
                           $
Net working capital									 344.6                                                                                $           327.7
Days in quarter										          92		      92
Fourth quarter sales								 $ 1,350.6 $ 1,277.9
Days of working capital employed								                                                                 23		                   24

Dividend Payout Ratio – The ratio of earnings paid out to the shareholders. It provides an indication of how well earnings
support the dividend payments. Dividend payout is defined as dividends declared divided by earnings, excluding goodwill
impairment loss, non-cash acquisition accounting adjustments, restructuring and other items, and tax adjustments, expressed
as a percentage.

Dividend Payout Ratio		
											                                                                                            2020                   2019
Dividends declared per equity							                                                           $      128.7       $           121.1
                         $
Adjusted earnings									 550.5                                                                                  $           496.9
Dividend payout ratio									                                                                           23%		                  24%

Free Cash Flow from Operations – A measure indicating the relative amount of cash generated by the Company during the
year and available to fund dividends, debt repayments and acquisitions. It is calculated as cash flow from operations, less
capital expenditures, net of proceeds from the sale of property, plant and equipment.
The following table reconciles the measure of free cash flow from operations to IFRS measures reported in the annual
consolidated statements of cash flows for the periods ended as indicated.

Free Cash Flow from Operations
													
            Twelve months ended
													       December 31

											                                                                                            2020		                 2019
Cash provided by operating activities								                  $                                      882.9  $  779.5
Less: Additions to property, plant and equipment						                                               (282.8)		 (345.6)
Add:Proceeds on disposal of property, plant and equipment						                                        16.2		     9.9
Free cash flow from operations							                                                          $      616.3       $           443.8




                                                                                                         2020 Annual Report     41
M A N A G E M E N T ’ S D I S C U S S I O N A N D A N A LY S I S
Years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 (Tabular amounts in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share data)




Interest Coverage – A measure indicating the relative amount of operating income earned by the Company compared to the
amount of net finance cost incurred by the Company. It is calculated as operating income (see definition below), including
discontinued items, less corporate expense, divided by net finance cost on a twelve-month rolling basis.
The following table reconciles the interest coverage measure to IFRS measures reported in the annual consolidated income
statements for the periods ended as indicated.

Interest Coverage
													
            Twelve months ended
													       December 31

											                                                                                                           2020		       2019
Operating income (a non-IFRS measure; see definition below)					                                                  $   823.5    $   787.3
Less: Corporate expense 								                                                                                      (46.7)       (49.7)
									                                                                                                         $   776.8    $   737.6
                        $
Net finance cost									 65.2                                                                                                 $    81.0
Interest coverage									 11.9                                                                                                      9.1

Net Debt – A measure indicating the financial indebtedness of the Company, assuming that all cash on hand is used to repay
a portion of the outstanding debt. It is defined as current debt including cash advances, plus long-term debt, less cash and
cash equivalents.
Net Debt to Adjusted EBITDA (or “Leverage Ratio”) – A measure that indicates the financial leverage of the Company. It
indicates the Company’s ability to service its existing debt.
Operating Income – A measure indicating the profitability of the Company’s business units defined as income before
corporate expenses, net finance costs, goodwill impairment loss, earnings in equity-accounted investments, restructuring
and other items, and income taxes.
See the definition of Adjusted EBITDA above for a reconciliation of operating income measures to IFRS measures reported in
the annual consolidated income statements for the periods ended as indicated.
Restructuring and Other Items and Tax Adjustments – A measure of significant non-recurring items that are included in
net earnings. The impact of restructuring and other items and tax adjustments on a per share basis is measured by dividing
the after-tax income of the restructuring and other items and tax adjustments by the average number of shares outstanding
in the relevant period. Management will continue to disclose the impact of these items on the Company’s results because
the timing and extent of such items do not reflect or relate to the Company’s ongoing operating performance. Management
evaluates the operating income of its segments before the effect of these items.
Return on Equity before goodwill impairment loss, restructuring and other items, non-cash acquisition accounting
adjustments, and tax adjustments (“ROE”) – A measure that provides insight into the effective use of shareholder capital
in generating ongoing net earnings. ROE is calculated by dividing annual net earnings before goodwill impairment loss,
restructuring and other items, tax adjustments, gains on business dispositions and non-cash acquisition accounting
adjustments by the average of the beginning and the end-of-year equity.




42    2020 Annual Report
The following table reconciles net earnings used in calculating the ROE measure to IFRS measures reported in the annual
consolidated statements of financial position and in the annual consolidated income statements for the periods ended as
indicated.

Return on Equity
													
            Twelve months ended
													       December 31

											                                                                                         2020		                 2019
Net earnings								                                                                         $      529.7 $                477.1
Restructuring and other items (net of tax)							                                                    20.8		                 19.8
                             $
Adjusted net earnings									 550.5                                                                           $           496.9
                      $
Average equity									 3,090.0                                                                                $      2,785.4
Return on equity										                                                                           17.8%		                17.8%

Return on sales – A measure indicating relative profitability of sales to customers. It is defined as operating income (see
definition above) divided by sales, expressed as a percentage.
The following table reconciles the return on sales measure to IFRS measures reported in the annual consolidated statements
of earnings in the segmented information per note 4 of the Company’s annual consolidated financial statements for the
periods ended as indicated.



Return on Sales			
 							                                                                 Three Months Ended 		              Twelve Months Ended
								December 31		                                                                                          December 31

   		
				                                                		2020                         2019		2020                              2019
Sales
  CCL					        $ 860.2 $                                                       787.1 $ 3,357.6 $ 3,300.9
  Avery						 150.8		                                                             170.5     634.2     739.0
  Checkpoint 				   189.3                                                         192.8     635.5     724.1
  Innovia						 150.3		                                                           127.5		 615.0		 557.3
 Total sales					
                $ 1,350.6                                                  $     1,277.9     $    5,242.3      $      5,321.3
Operating income				
 CCL					            $ 136.4 $                                                    108.1 $ 552.8 $                          494.3
 Avery						 27.0		                                                                34.9		 113.3		                          156.5
 Checkpoint						 32.2		                                                           25.0		 80.3		                            96.4
 Innovia						 17.7		                                                               5.9		 77.1		                            40.1
 Total operating income			                               $       213.3     $      173.9      $      823.5      $           787.3
Return on sales				
 CCL					 15.9%		                                                                   13.7%		          16.5%		                15.0%
 Avery						 17.9%		                                                                20.5%		          17.9%		                21.2%
 Checkpoint						 17.0%		                                                           13.0%		          12.6%		                13.3%
 Innovia						 11.8%		                                                               4.6%		          12.5%		                 7.2%
 Total return on sales						                                      15.8%		           13.6%		          15.7%		                14.8%




                                                                                                      2020 Annual Report     43
M A N A G E M E N T ’ S D I S C U S S I O N A N D A N A LY S I S
Years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 (Tabular amounts in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share data)




Return on total capital before goodwill impairment loss, non-cash acquisition accounting adjustments, restructuring
and other items and tax adjustments (“ROTC”) – A measure of the returns the Company is achieving on capital employed.
ROTC is calculated by dividing annual net income before goodwill impairment loss, restructuring and other items, non-cash
acquisition accounting adjustments, and tax adjustments by the average of the beginning- and the end-of-year equity and
net debt.
The following table reconciles net earnings used in calculating the ROTC measure to IFRS measures reported in the annual
consolidated statements of financial position and in the annual consolidated income statements for the periods ended as
indicated.

Return on Total Capital
  						                                                                             			                             Twelve Months Ended
										                                                                                                              December 31

   		
				                                                           		 		 		2020                                                       2019
Net earnings								                              $                                                               529.7 $        477.1
Restructuring and other items (net of tax)								                                                                 20.8		         19.8
                             $
Adjusted net earnings									 550.5                                                                                    $        496.9
                             $
Average total capital									 4,643.5                                                                                  $      4,594.8
Return on total capital										                                                                                 11.9%		          10.8%

Total Debt – A measure indicating the financial indebtedness of the Company. It is defined as current debt, including bank
advances, plus long-term debt.

B)   Accounting Policies and New Standards

Accounting Policies
The above analysis and discussion of the Company’s financial condition and results of operation are based on its consolidated
financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS.
A summary of the Company’s significant accounting policies is set out in note 3 of the consolidated financial statements.

C) Critical Accounting Estimates
The preparation of financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of sales and expenses during the year and the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of
contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements. In particular, estimates are used when determining
the amounts recorded for depreciation and amortization of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets, outstanding
self-insurance claims, pension and other post-employment benefits, income and other taxes, provisions, certain fair value
measures including those related to the valuation of business combinations, share-based payments and financial instruments
and also for the valuation of goodwill and intangible assets.

Goodwill and Indefinite-Life Intangibles
Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price of the Company’s interest in the businesses acquired over the fair value
of the underlying net identifiable tangible and intangible assets arising on acquisitions. Goodwill and indefinite-life intangibles
are not amortized but are required to be tested for impairment at least annually or if events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.




44    2020 Annual Report
During the 2020 fourth quarter, the Company completed its impairment test as at September 30, 2020. Impairment testing
for the cash-generating units (“CGU”), CCL, Avery, Checkpoint, and Innovia Segments, was done by a comparison of the unit’s
carrying amount to its estimated value in use, determined by discounting future cash flows from the continuing use of the
unit. Key assumptions used in the determination of the value in use include long-term growth rates of 2% to 5% and pre-tax
discount rates ranging from 7% to 9%. Discount rates reflect current market assumptions and risks related to the segments
and are based upon the weighted average cost of capital for the segment. The Company’s historical growth rates are used
as a basis in determining the growth rate applied for impairment testing. Significant management judgment is required in
preparing the forecasts of future operating results that are used in the discounted cash flow method of valuation. In 2020
and 2019, it was determined that the carrying amount of goodwill and indefinite-life intangibles was not impaired. Since
the process of determining fair values requires management judgment regarding projected results and market multiples, a
change in these assumptions could impact the fair value of the reporting units, resulting in an impairment charge.

Long-Lived Assets
Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of
an asset may not be recoverable. Performance of this evaluation involves management estimates of the associated business
plans, economic projections and anticipated cash flows. Specifically, management considers forecasted operating cash
flows, which are subject to change due to economic conditions, technological changes or changes in operating performance.
An impairment loss would be recognized if the carrying amount of the asset held for use exceeded the discounted cash flow
or fair value. Changes in these estimates in the future may result in an impairment charge.

Employee Benefits
The Company accrues its obligation under employee benefit plans and related costs net of plan assets. Pension costs are
determined periodically by independent actuaries. The actuarial determination of the accrued benefit obligations for the plans
uses the projected unit credit method and incorporates management’s best estimate of future salary escalation, retirement
age, inflation and other actuarial factors. The cost is then charged as services are rendered. Since these assumptions, which
are disclosed in note 20 of the 2020 annual consolidated financial statements, involve forward-looking estimates and are
long-term in nature, they are subject to uncertainty. Actual results may differ, and the differences may be material.

D) Related Party Transactions
A summary of the Company’s related party transactions is set out in note 27 of the 2020 annual consolidated financial
statements.




                                                                                                         2020 Annual Report   45
M A N A G E M E N T ’ S D I S C U S S I O N A N D A N A LY S I S
Years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 (Tabular amounts in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share data)




6.   O U T LO O K
2020 was a turbulent year, with strong pandemic-related civil restrictions imposed by various regimes in the first quarter
of the year through early second quarter, subsequent “reopening” mid-year, followed by renewed limitations in the fourth
quarter creating unprecedented operating challenges. Safety was paramount and the Company met the challenge for its
employees, customers and suppliers and remained open for business. Each operation right-sized its cost structure to match
customer activity. The Company maintained its growth strategy adding six new facilities through acquisitions and investing
$282.8 million in capital expenditures. All in for 2020, the Company posted record adjusted earnings per share of $3.08 per
Class B share compared to $2.79 per Class B share for 2019, record free cash flow from operations and a strengthened balance
sheet.
2021 started with cautious optimism as the worldwide rollout of CV19 vaccinations commenced, the U.S. election process
concluded, Brexit finally reached a negotiated conclusion and emerging market growth appears to have returned. The long-
term impact of the pandemic on the global economy remains unknown. Commodity and currency markets are likely to
remain volatile and passing on foreign exchange movement and input cost changes to the Company’s customer base will
be important.
The CCL Segment reported a solid year in 2020 compared to 2019, with organic growth and strong profitability improvement
despite the pandemic. CCL Label and CCL Design remain committed to pursuing new product initiatives, with capacity
expansion plans in new and existing markets for its core customers where the opportunity meets long-term profitability
objectives. CCL Secure will continue to develop market-leading security technology to pursue long-term widespread adoption
of polymer banknotes across the world’s Central Banks.
Although Avery’s sales and profitability dropped due to significant negative pandemic-related effects on its customers in
the name and event badging product lines, it retains the highest return on capital of the Company’s four segments for 2020.
The Avery.com, WePrint and kids’ label businesses should continue to backstop the direct-to-consumer platform. However,
returns for the name and event badging businesses will not reach pre-pandemic levels until meetings, conventions, concerts
and sporting events return to normal activity. With the CV19 vaccine rollout underway in North America, a more normalized
back-to-school season is expected in 2021.
Checkpoint results temporarily stalled on the retail and apparel industry shutdowns during the first six months of 2020. Unlike
the Avery Segment, profitability for Checkpoint bounced back strongly in the second half of the year aided by cost savings,
high ALS label, tag and RFID demand and favorable mix in MAS product lines. For 2021, ALS product lines should benefit from
cost savings and growth in RFID, while MAS hardware installations, which were stymied in 2020, could return as vaccinations
will allow consumers back to in-store shopping and increasing the need for EAS products.
2020 financial results for Innovia improved very significantly on dramatic productivity gains, lower input costs in the first half
and results ahead of expectations for the newly acquired operations in Poland. Significant polypropylene resin cost increases
emerged in North America in the second half, and to a lesser extent in Europe, and will test contractual pass-through pricing
mechanisms in 2021. The proprietary new “Ecofloat” shrink film line in Europe will not come on line until early 2022, with
most of the capital deployed in 2021.
The Company concluded the year with cash on hand of $703.7 million and unused availability on the revolving credit facility at
approximately US$1.2 billion. The Company’s liquidity position is robust, with a net debt leverage ratio of 1.24 times adjusted
EBITDA at the end of the current year, 0.37 turns lower than 2019. As always, the Company remains focused on vigilantly
managing working capital and prioritizing capital to higher-growth organic opportunities or unique acquisitions expected
to enhance shareholder value. The Company expects capital expenditures for 2021 to be approximately $330.0 million,
supporting organic growth and new greenfield opportunities globally. First-quarter orders have been solid so far, but pandemic
uncertainties remain. Comparisons to 2020 have low hurdles for the first two quarters of 2021, but where the world will be
in the second half of the year remains uncertain. Should demand hold up at second half of 2020 levels, the Company would
be set to make good progress in the year ahead.




46    2020 Annual Report
                       KPMG LLP
                       100 New Park Place,
                       Suite 1400
                       Vaughan, ON L4K 0J3
                       Tel 905-265 5900
                       Fax 905-265 6390
                       www.kpmg.ca




                                             INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT
To the Shareholders of CCL Industries Inc.
Opinion
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of CCL Industries Inc. (the Entity), which comprise:
     -    the consolidated statements of financial position as at December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019
     -    the consolidated income statements for the years then ended
     -    the consolidated statements of comprehensive income for the years then ended
     -    the consolidated statements of changes in equity for the years then ended
     -    the consolidated statements of cash flows for the years then ended
     -    and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies
(Hereinafter referred to as the “financial statements”).
In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated
financial position of the Entity as at December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019, and its consolidated financial
performance and its consolidated cash flows for the years then ended in accordance with International Financial
Reporting Standards (IFRS).
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards. Our responsibilities
under those standards are further described in the “Auditors’ Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial
Statements” section of our auditors’ report.
We are independent of the Entity in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the
financial statements in Canada and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these
requirements.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
opinion.




KPMG LLP is a Canadian limited liability partnership and a member firm of the KPMG network of independent
member firms aﬀiliated with KPMG International Cooperative (“KPMG International”), a Swiss entity.
KPMG Canada provides services to KPMG LLP.


                                                                                                            2020 Annual Report   47
Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of
the financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2020. These matters were addressed in the context
of our audit of the financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a
separate opinion on these matters.
We have determined the matters described below to be the key audit matters to be communicated in our auditors’
report.
Evaluation of goodwill and brands impairment analysis for each Cash-Generating Unit (CGU)
Description of the matter
We draw attention to Notes 2(d), 3(e(i)), 3(h(i)) and 13 of the financial statements. The goodwill and brands
balances were $1,918.5 million and $432.3 million respectively. The Entity performs goodwill and indefinite life
impairment testing annually or more frequently when events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount
may not be recoverable. The recoverable amount is the higher of a CGUs fair value, less costs to sell, and its
value in use. In assessing the value in use, future cash flows were discounted. Key assumptions used in the
determination of the value in use include growth rates and discount rates.
Why the matter is a key audit matter
We identified the evaluation of goodwill and brands impairment analysis for each CGU as a key audit matter. This
matter represented an area of significant risk. Significant auditor attention and significant auditor judgment, in
particular that of senior team members and valuation professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, was
required in performing and evaluating the results of our procedures.
How the matter was addressed in our audit
The primary procedures we performed to address this key audit matter included the following:
We calculated historical profitability growth rates and compared those rates against the rates predicted by
the Entity for each CGU. We considered whether the current pandemic environment or internal and external
communications made by the Entity are indicative of a continuation of, or a change from past experience.
We involved valuation professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in assessing the
appropriateness of the discount rate of each CGU which was based on weighted average cost of capital (WACC)
by comparing the Entity’s WACC to a WACC range that was independently developed using publicly available
market data including risk premiums, betas and debt to capital ratios for comparable entities.
We assessed the reasonableness of the recoverable amount of goodwill and brand assets for each CGU
by developing an estimated recoverable amount using the Entity’s future cash flows for each CGU and the
independently developed discount rate developed by valuation professionals above, and comparing the result to
the Entity’s estimated recoverable amount for each CGU.
We performed sensitivity analyses over key assumptions and assessed their impact on the Entity’s determination
that the estimated recoverable amount of each CGU exceeded the carrying amount of the CGU.




48   2020 Annual Report
Other Information
Management is responsible for the other information. Other information comprises:
    •   the information included in Management’s Discussion and Analysis filed with the relevant Canadian
        Securities Commissions.
    •   the information, other than the financial statements and the auditors’ report thereon, included in a
        document likely to be entitled “Annual Report”.
Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not and will not express
any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information
identified above and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the
financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit and remain alert for indications that the other
information appears to be materially misstated.
We obtained the information included in Management’s Discussion and Analysis filed with the relevant Canadian
Securities Commissions as at the date of this auditors’ report. If, based on the work we have performed on this
other information, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to
report that fact in the auditors’ report.
We have nothing to report in this regard.
The information, other than the financial statements and the auditors’ report thereon, included in a document
likely to be entitled “Annual Report” is expected to be made available to us after the date of this auditors’ report. If,
based on the work we will perform on this other information, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of
this other information, we are required to report that fact to those charged with governance.
Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged with Governance for the Financial Statements
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in accordance
with IFRS and for such internal control as management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of
financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Entity’s ability to continue as
a going concern, disclosing as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis
of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the Entity or to cease operations, or has no realistic
alternative but to do so.
Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Entity’s financial reporting process.




                                                                                                     2020 Annual Report   49
Auditors’ Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors’ report that includes our opinion.
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance
with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they
could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of the financial
statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards, we exercise professional
judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit.
We also:
     -     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud
           or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is
           sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
           The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from
           error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of
           internal control.
     -     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures
           that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
           effectiveness of the Entity's internal control.
     -     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
           estimates and related disclosures made by management.
     -     Conclude on the appropriateness of management's use of the going concern basis of accounting
           and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or
           conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Entity's ability to continue as a going concern. If we
           conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditors’ report to
           the related disclosures in the financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our
           opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditors’ report.
           However, future events or conditions may cause the Entity to cease to continue as a going concern.
     -     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the
           disclosures, and whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a
           manner that achieves fair presentation.




50   2020 Annual Report
    -   Communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope
        and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal
        control that we identify during our audit.
    -   Provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
        requirements regarding independence, and communicate with them all relationships and other matters
        that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
    -   Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business
        activities within the group Entity to express an opinion on the financial statements. We are responsible for
        the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit
        opinion.
    -   Determine, from the matters communicated with those charged with governance, those matters that
        were of most significance in the audit of the financial statements of the current period and are therefore
        the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditors’ report unless law or regulation precludes
        public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter
        should not be communicated in our auditors’ report because the adverse consequences of doing so
        would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.




Chartered Professional Accountants, Licensed Public Accountants
The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this auditors’ report is Tammy L. Brown.
Vaughan, Canada
February 24, 2021




                                                                                                  2020 Annual Report   51
C O N S O L I D AT E D S TAT E M E N T S O F F I N A N C I A L P O S I T I O N
(In millions of Canadian dollars)




As at December 31					
                     Note			                                                                        2020		               2019
Assets					
Current assets					
 Cash and cash equivalents						    6		 $ 703.7 $                                                                        703.6
 Trade and other receivables						  7			  922.8		                                                                        849.2
 Inventories							                 8			  533.5		                                                                        481.6
 Prepaid expenses										 35.3		                                                                                        36.6
 Income taxes recoverable									 29.0		                                                                                 34.0
 Derivative instruments						      24		 0.4		                                                                                -
Total current assets										 2,224.7		 2,105.0
Non-current assets					
 Property, plant and equipment						 10			   1,882.7		 1,818.2
 Right-of-use assets 							           11			   158.4		 146.5
 Goodwill							                    12,13			 1,918.5		 1,794.4
 Intangible assets							           12,13			 1,007.6		 1,028.7
 Deferred tax assets							            15			    42.7		 30.8
 Equity-accounted investments						9			 66.1		 62.0
 Other assets										 26.8		 34.5
 Derivative instruments						          24			     9.2		 17.9
Total non-current assets									 5,112.0		 4,933.0
Total assets									
                    $ 7,336.7                                                                                  $    7,038.0
Liabilities					
Current liabilities					
  Trade and other payables						 14		          $ 1,135.7 $ 1,035.6
  Current portion of long-term debt						 18			     51.8		 38.8
  Lease liabilities										 34.2		 35.3
  Income taxes payable										 40.3		 38.1
  Derivative instruments						            24			       ­—		     0.2
Total current liabilities										 1,262.0		 1,148.0
Non-current liabilities					
 Long-term debt							                          18			1,889.4		 2,234.8
 Lease liabilities										 119.2		 110.9
 Deferred tax liabilities							                15			  270.8		 245.4
 Employee benefits							                       20			  385.1		 364.9
 Provisions and other long-term liabilities								     10.9		 11.4
 Derivative instruments						                   24			 117.1		 24.9
Total non-current liabilities									 2,792.5		 2,992.3
Total liabilities										 4,054.5		 4,140.3
Equity					
 Share capital							                      16			  396.8		 365.5
 Contributed surplus										 90.1		 81.5
 Retained earnings										 2,937.5		 2,540.0
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss					 29			 (142.2)		 (89.3)
Total equity attributable to shareholders of the Company					3,282.2		 2,897.7
  Acquisitions							                5				
  Commitments and contingencies						
                                    26				
  Subsequent event							           31				
Total liabilities and equity								$                                                             7,336.7      $    7,038.0

See accompanying explanatory notes to the consolidated financial statements.

On behalf of the Board:


                                                                                 Donald G. Lang     Geoffrey T. Martin
                                                                                 Director           Director
52     2020 Annual Report
C O N S O L I D AT E D I N C O M E S TAT E M E N T S
(In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)




Years ended December 31			                                           		
                                                                      Note			           2020		                2019
Sales									        $ 5,242.3 $ 5,321.3
Cost of sales										 3,740.1		 3,809.1
Gross profit										 1,502.2		 1,512.2
Selling, general and administrative expenses							 725.4		 774.6
Restructuring and other items						 30		             27.6		 25.0
Earnings in equity-accounted investments								     (9.5)		 (5.4)
										758.7		                                                                                             718.0
Finance cost							                 19			67.9		                                                                86.7
Finance income							               19			(9.1)		                                                              (12.0)
Interest on lease liabilities						 11		  6.4		                                                                 6.3
Net finance cost										                                                              65.2		                 81.0
Earnings before income tax									 693.5		                                                                   637.0
Income tax expense							           163.8		
                                22			                                                                         159.9
Net earnings 									
                     $ 529.7                                                                      $           477.1
Earnings per share       				
Basic earnings per Class B share						                                         17   $   2.96      $            2.68
Diluted earnings per Class B share						                                       17   $   2.94      $            2.66

See accompanying explanatory notes to the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                         2020 Annual Report     53
C O N S O L I D AT E D S TAT E M E N T S O F C O M P R E H E N S I V E I N C O M E
(In millions of Canadian dollars)




Years ended December 31										                                                         2020		         2019
Net earnings 									                                                                       $ 529.7  $ 477.1
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax:
Items that may subsequently be reclassified to income:
  Foreign currency translation adjustment for foreign operations, net of
		 tax expense of $5.0 for the year ended December 31, 2020 (2019 – tax recovery of $7.8) 			     —		 (230.4)
  Net gains (losses) on hedges of net investment in foreign operations, net of
		 tax recovery of $7.9 for the year ended December 31, 2020 (2019 – tax expense of $15.6)			  (53.3)		 105.6
  Effective portion of changes in fair value of cash flow hedges, net of tax expense
		 of $0.1 for the year ended December 31, 2020 (2019 – nil)						                               0.3		   (0.1)
Net change in fair value of cash flow hedges transferred to the income statement, net of
  tax recovery of nil for the year ended December 31, 2020 (2019 – tax recovery of $0.1)		       0.1		    0.4
Actuarial losses on defined benefit post-employment plans, net of tax recovery
  of $1.3 for the year ended December 31, 2020 (2019 – tax recovery of $10.5)			                (3.5)		 (54.9)
Other comprehensive loss, net of tax							                                          		   (56.4)		      (179.4)
Total comprehensive income								$                                                       473.3   $     297.7

See accompanying explanatory notes to the consolidated financial statements.




54     2020 Annual Report
C O N S O L I D AT E D S TAT E M E N T S O F C H A N G E S I N E Q U I T Y
(In millions of Canadian dollars)




											                                                                                                               Accumulated           Total
								 Shares			                                                                                                              Other          Equity
					   Class A   Class B		     Held   Total		                                                                          Comprehensive    Attributable
					    Shares   Shares     in Trust  Share Contributed                                                         Retained     Income               to
					 (note 16) (note 16)   (note 16) Capital    Surplus                                                         Earnings      (Loss)   Shareholders
Balance, January 1, 2019					 $                        4.5 $     331.8   $     (30.0) $   306.3   $   92.7   $   2,238.9     $    35.2 $    2,673.1

Net earnings						                                   —		            —		          —		        —		         —		        477.1		          —		         477.1
Dividends declared								
  Class A						                                      —		            —		          —		         —		         —		        (7.9)		   —		                 (7.9)
  Class B						                                      —		            —		          —		         —		         —		      (113.2)		   —		               (113.2)
Defined benefit plan actuarial losses, net of tax			 —		            —		          —		         —		         —		       (54.9)		   —		                (54.9)
Stock-based compensation plan					                   —		           3.1		         —		        3.1		      12.1		         —		     —		                 15.2
Shares purchased and held in trust					              —		            —		        30.0		      30.0 		    (30.0)		        —		     —		                   —
Stock option expense						                           —		            —		          —		         —		       10.2		         —		     —		                 10.2
Stock options exercised						                        —		          26.1		         —		       26.1		      (4.4)		        —		     —		                 21.7
Income tax effect related to stock options			        —		            —		          —		         —		        0.9		         —		     —		                  0.9
Other comprehensive loss						                       —		            —		          —		         —		         —		          —		 (124.5)		             (124.5)

Balance, December 31, 2019					 $                      4.5 $     361.0   $       — $      365.5   $   81.5   $   2,540.0     $   (89.3) $   2,897.7

Net earnings 						                                  —		            —		          —		        —		         —		        529.7		          —		         529.7
Dividends declared								
  Class A						                                      —		            —		          —		         —		        —		         (8.4)		    —		                (8.4)
  Class B						                                      —		            —		          —		         —		        —		       (120.3)		    —		              (120.3)
Defined benefit plan actuarial losses, net of tax			 —		            —		          —		         —		        —		         (3.5)		    —		                (3.5)
Stock-based compensation plan					                   —		            —		          —		         —		       8.5		          —		      —		                 8.5
Stock option expense						                           —		            —		          —		         —		       5.8		          —		      —		                 5.8
Stock options exercised						                        —		          31.3		         —		       31.3		     (5.5)		         —		      —		                25.8
Income tax effect related to stock options			        —		            —		          —		         —		      (0.2)		         —		      —		                (0.2)
Other comprehensive loss						                       —		            —		          —		         —		        —		           —		   (52.9)		             (52.9)

Balance, December 31, 2020				 $                       4.5 $     392.3   $       — $      396.8   $   90.1   $   2,937.5     $ (142.2) $    3,282.2

See accompanying explanatory notes to the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                                           2020 Annual Report     55
C O N S O L I D AT E D S TAT E M E N T S O F C A S H F L O W S
(In millions of Canadian dollars)




Years ended December 31										                                                   2020		       2019
Cash provided by (used for)		
Operating activities		
Net earnings									                                                    $ 529.7  $             477.1
Adjustments for:				
 Property, plant and equipment depreciation							                         247.5		              234.0
 Right-of-use assets depreciation									 41.4                                                  39.1
 Intangible amortization									 57.5		                                                         56.5
 Earnings in equity-accounted investments, net of dividends received					   (6.0)                (2.1)
 Net finance costs										 65.2		                                                              81.0
 Current income tax expense									 149.1		                                                    122.6
 Deferred tax expense										 14.7		                                                           37.3
 Equity-settled share-based payment transactions							                     14.1		               26.3
 Gain on sale of property, plant and equipment							                       (2.4)		              (3.6)
											 1,110.8		 1,068.2
Change in inventories										 (38.5)		                       44.5
Change in trade and other receivables								        (43.2)		  90.8
Change in prepaid expenses									                    2.2		   (1.8)
Change in trade and other payables									           48.7		 (197.1)
Change in income taxes receivable and payable							   9.7		   (1.7)
Change in employee benefits									 20.2		 44.9
Change in other assets and liabilities								       (29.0)   (63.9)
											 1,080.9		 983.9
Net interest paid										 (59.4)		 (72.3)
Income taxes paid									(138.6)		 (132.1)
Cash provided by operating activities								 882.9		                                           779.5
Financing activities				
  Proceeds on issuance of long-term debt								 916.3		 175.1
  Repayment of long-term debt									(1,230.5)		 (294.9)
  Repayment of lease liabilities									 (44.2)		 (37.0)
  Proceeds from issuance of shares									       25.8		 21.7
  Dividends paid									(128.7)		 (121.1)
Cash used for financing activities							                                      		 (461.3)		     (256.2)
Investing activities		
  Additions to property, plant and equipment							                                 (282.8)		   (345.6)
  Proceeds on disposal of property, plant and equipment						                         16.2         9.9
  Business acquisitions and other long-term investments (note 5)					               (161.4)		    (40.4)
Cash used for investing activities								                                          (428.0)		   (376.1)
  Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents							                        (6.4)		    147.2
  Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year							                             703.6		     589.1
  Translation adjustments on cash and cash equivalents						                          6.5		     (32.7)
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year							
                                              $ 703.7                                     $     703.6

See accompanying explanatory notes to the consolidated financial statements.




56     2020 Annual Report
N O T E S T O T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 (In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)




1.   REPORTING ENTITY
CCL Industries Inc. (the “Company”) is a public company, listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange, and is incorporated and
domiciled in Canada. These consolidated financial statements of the Company as at and for the years ended December 31,
2020 and 2019, comprise the results of the Company, its subsidiaries and its interest in joint ventures and associates. The
Company has manufacturing facilities around the world and is primarily involved in the manufacture of labels, consumer
printable media products, technology-driven label solutions, polymer banknote substrates and specialty films.
In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared a global pandemic related to COVID-19 (“CV19”). The impacts on
global commerce have been, and are anticipated to continue to be, far reaching. CV19 has resulted in unprecedented
governmental actions in multiple jurisdictions, including the closure of workplaces determined to be non-essential, the
imposition of new health and monitoring requirements and the imposition of restrictions on the international, national and
local movement of people and some goods. There have been significant disruptions to business operations, supply chains
and customer activity and demand; service cancellations, reductions and other changes; the imposition of quarantines
and curfews; as well as considerable general concern and uncertainty. There has been significant stock market volatility
and significant volatility in foreign exchange and commodity markets. While CV19-related governmental and public health
imposed restrictions were partially relaxed in a number of jurisdictions during the second and third quarters of 2020, renewed,
and in some instances, heightened restrictions have since been imposed or are contemplated in multiple jurisdictions. While
the Company’s operations have been determined by most jurisdictions to be essential businesses and have continued to
operate throughout the pandemic with limited disruptions, there can be no assurance that this will continue to be the case
throughout the duration of the CV19 pandemic or that such plants will operate at pre-pandemic staffing and production levels.
CV19 continues to have varying impacts by geography and sector on the Company’s employees, suppliers and customers and
on the demand for the respective products that the Company and its customers produce. While the introduction, beginning
in late 2020, of vaccines designed to offer protection against CV19 offers the possibility of a reduction in the duration of the
pandemic, the time needed for widespread availability and distribution of such vaccines, their duration and efficacy against
varying strains of CV19, as well as the levels of public participation in inoculation programs, remain uncertain. The duration
of the pandemic and its impact on the Company’s financial performance and position is an area of estimation uncertainty
and judgement, which is continuously monitored and reflected in management’s estimates.


2.   B A S I S O F P R E PA R AT I O N

(a) Statement of compliance
These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards
(“IFRS”) and IFRS interpretations adopted by the International Accounting Standards Board.
These consolidated financial statements were authorized for issue by the Company’s Board of Directors on February 24, 2021.

(b) Basis of measurement
These consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for the following items in the
consolidated statements of financial position:
• Derivative financial instruments are measured at fair value;
• Financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss are measured at fair value; and
•	Assets related to the defined benefit plans are measured at fair value and liabilities related to the defined benefit plans are
   calculated by qualified actuaries using the projected unit credit method

(c) Presentation currency
These consolidated financial statements are presented in Canadian dollars, which is the Company’s presentation currency.
All financial information, except per share information, is presented in millions of Canadian dollars, unless otherwise noted.




                                                                                                            2020 Annual Report   57
N O T E S T O T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 (In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)




(d) Use of estimates and judgements
The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the application of accounting policies and the reported amounts of sales and expenses during the year and the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements.
Actual results could differ from those estimates.
Estimates and assumptions are used mainly in determining the measurement of recognized transactions and balances.
In the process of applying the Company’s accounting policies, management makes various judgements, apart from those
involving estimations, that can significantly affect the amounts it recognizes in the financial statements.
Judgements, estimates and assumptions are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors
including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.
The Company has applied judgement in its assessment of the classification of financial instruments, the recognition and
derecognition of tax losses and provisions, the determination of cash-generating units (“CGUs”), the identification of the
indicators of impairment for property and equipment and intangible assets, the level of componentization of property and
equipment and the allocation of purchase price adjustments on business combinations.
Estimates are used when determining the amounts recorded for depreciation and amortization of property, plant and
equipment, intangible assets and right-of-use assets, outstanding self-insurance claims, pension and other post-employment
benefits, income and other taxes, provisions, lease liabilities, certain fair value measures, including those related to the
valuation of business combinations, share-based payments and financial instruments and in the valuation of goodwill and
intangible assets.


3.    S I G N I F I C A N T AC C O U N T I N G P O L I C I E S
The accounting policies set out below have been applied consistently to all comparative information presented in these
consolidated financial statements.

(a) Basis of consolidation

(i)   Business combinations
The Company measures goodwill as the fair value of the consideration transferred including the recognized amount of
any non-controlling interest in the acquiree, less the net recognized amount (generally fair value) of the identifiable assets
acquired and liabilities assumed, all measured as of the acquisition date. When the excess is negative, a bargain purchase
gain is recognized immediately in profit or loss. The Company elects to measure, on a transaction-by-transaction basis, non-
controlling interest either at its fair value or at its proportionate share of the recognized amount of the identifiable net assets
at the acquisition date. Transaction costs, other than those associated with the issue of debt or equity securities, that the
Company incurs in connection with a business combination are expensed as incurred.

(ii) Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Company. Control exists when the Company is exposed to, or has rights to, variable
returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity.
The financial statements of subsidiaries are included in the consolidated financial statements from the date that control
commences until the date that control ceases. The accounting policies of subsidiaries have been changed, when necessary,
to align them with the policies adopted by the Company.

(iii) Associates and joint arrangements
The Company’s interests in equity-accounted investees comprise interests in associates and joint ventures.
Associates are those entities in which the Company has significant influence, but not control or joint control, over the financial
and operating policies. Significant influence is presumed to exist when the Company holds between 20% and 50% of the
voting power of another entity.
The Company classifies its interest in joint arrangements as either joint operations (if the Company has rights to the assets
and has obligations for the liabilities relating to an arrangement) or joint ventures (if the Company has the rights only to the
net assets of an arrangement). When making this assessment, the Company considers the structure of the arrangements, the
legal form of any separate vehicles, the contractual terms of the arrangements and other facts and circumstances.




58     2020 Annual Report
Investments in associates and joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method and are recognized initially at
cost. The Company's investments include goodwill identified on acquisition, net of any accumulated impairment losses.
The consolidated financial statements include the Company's share of the income and expenses and equity movements of
equity-accounted investees, after adjustments to align the accounting policies with those of the Company, from the date
that significant influence commences until the date that it ceases. When the Company's share of losses exceeds its interest
in an equity-accounted investee, the carrying amount of that interest (including any long-term investments) is reduced to nil
and the recognition of further losses is discontinued, except to the extent that the Company has an obligation or has made
payments on behalf of the investee.

(vi) Transactions eliminated on consolidation
Inter-company balances and transactions, and any unrealized income and expenses arising from inter-company transactions,
are eliminated in preparing the consolidated financial statements. Unrealized gains arising from transactions with equity-
accounted investees are eliminated against the investment to the extent of the Company's interest in the investee. Unrealized
losses are eliminated in the same way as unrealized gains, but only to the extent that there is no evidence of impairment.

(b) Foreign currency

(i)   Foreign currency transactions
Transactions in foreign currencies are translated to the respective functional currencies of the Company’s entities using
exchange rates at the dates of the transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the
reporting date are translated to the functional currency using the exchange rate at that date. The foreign currency gain or
loss on monetary items is the difference between amortized cost in the functional currency at the beginning of the period,
adjusted for effective interest and payments during the period, and the amortized cost in the foreign currency translated
at the exchange rate at the end of the period. Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies that
are measured at fair value are translated to the functional currency at the exchange rate at the date that the fair value was
determined. Foreign currency differences arising on translation are recognized in the consolidated income statement, except
for differences arising on the translation of a financial liability designated as a hedge of the net investment in a foreign
operation or qualifying cash flow hedges, which are recognized directly in other comprehensive income (see note 3(b)(iii)).
Foreign currency-denominated non-monetary items, measured at historical cost, have been translated at the rate of exchange
at the transaction date.
The financial statements of each of the Company’s subsidiaries are measured using the currency of the primary economic
environment in which the entity operates.
The assets and liabilities of foreign operations, including goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on acquisition, are
translated into Canadian dollars using exchange rates at the reporting date. The income and expenses of foreign operations
are translated into Canadian dollars using the average exchange rates for the period.

(ii) Foreign operations
Foreign currency differences are recognized directly in other comprehensive income and presented within the foreign
currency translation adjustment.
When a foreign operation is disposed of, the amount in other comprehensive income related to the foreign operation is fully
transferred to the consolidated income statement. A disposal occurs when the entire interest in the foreign operation is
disposed of or, in the case of a partial disposal, when the partial disposal results in the loss of control of a subsidiary or the
loss of significant influence. For any partial disposal of the Company’s interest in a subsidiary that includes a foreign operation,
the Company re-attributes the proportionate share of the relevant amounts in other comprehensive income to non-controlling
interests. For any other partial disposal of a foreign operation, the Company reclassifies to the consolidated income statement
only the proportionate share of the relevant amount in other comprehensive income.
Foreign exchange gains and losses arising from a monetary item receivable from, or payable to, a foreign operation, the
settlement of which is neither planned nor likely in the foreseeable future, are considered to form part of a net investment in
a foreign operation and are recognized directly in other comprehensive income and presented within the foreign currency
translation adjustment.




                                                                                                              2020 Annual Report   59
N O T E S T O T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 (In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)




(iii) Hedge of net investment in a foreign operation
The Company applies hedge accounting to the foreign currency exposure arising between the functional currency of the
foreign operation and the parent entity’s functional currency, regardless of whether the net investment is held directly or
through an intermediate parent.
Foreign currency differences arising on the translation of a financial liability designated as a hedge of a net investment in a
foreign operation are recognized directly in other comprehensive income to the extent that the hedge is effective. To the
extent that the hedge is ineffective, such differences are recognized in the consolidated income statement. When the hedged
part of a net investment is disposed of or partially disposed of, the associated cumulative amount in equity is transferred to
the consolidated income statement as an adjustment to the consolidated income statement on disposal, in accordance with
the policy described in note 3(b)(ii).

(c) Financial instruments

(i)    Financial assets and liabilities
The Company recognizes financial assets and financial liabilities initially at fair value and subsequently measures them at
either fair value or amortized cost based on the following classifications:

Amortized cost:
The Company classifies financial assets held to collect contractual cash flows at amortized cost, including cash and cash
equivalents and trade and other receivables. The Company initially recognizes the carrying amount of such assets on the
consolidated statement of financial position at fair value plus directly attributable transaction costs, and subsequently
measures them at amortized cost using the effective interest rate method, less any impairment losses.

Fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”):
Financial assets purchased and financial liabilities incurred, with the intention of generating earnings in the near term, are
classified as FVTPL. This category includes derivative assets and derivative liabilities that do not qualify for hedge accounting,
if any. For items classified as FVTPL, the Company initially recognizes such financial assets on the consolidated statement
of financial position at fair value and recognizes subsequent changes in the consolidated income statement. Transaction
costs incurred are expensed in the consolidated income statements. The Company does not currently hold any assets and
liabilities designated as FVTPL.

Fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”):
This category includes the Company’s investments in securities. Subsequent to initial recognition, they are measured at fair
value on the consolidated statement of financial position and changes therein are recognized in other comprehensive income.
When an investment is derecognized, the accumulated gain or loss in other comprehensive income is not transferred to the
consolidated income statement.

Other financial liabilities:
This category is for financial liabilities that are not classified as FVTPL or FVTOCI and includes trade and other payables and
long-term debt. These financial liabilities are recorded at amortized cost on the consolidated statement of financial position.
Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount presented in the statement of financial position when, and only
when, the Company has a legal right to offset the amounts and intends either to settle on a net basis or to realize the asset
and settle the liability simultaneously.

(ii)   Derivative financial instruments, including hedge accounting
The Company uses derivative financial instruments to manage its foreign currency and interest-rate-risk exposure and price-
risk exposure related to the purchase of raw materials. Embedded derivatives are separated from the host contract and
accounted for separately. If the economic characteristics and risks of the host contract and the embedded derivative are
not closely related, a separate instrument with the same terms as the embedded derivative would meet the definition of a
derivative, and the combined instrument is not measured at fair value through the income statement. Changes in the fair
value of separable embedded derivatives are recognized immediately in the consolidated income statement.
On initial designation of the hedge, the Company formally documents the relationship between the hedging instrument(s)
and hedged item(s), including the risk management objectives and strategy in undertaking the hedge transaction, together
with the methods that will be used to assess the effectiveness of the hedging relationship. The Company makes periodic
assessments of prospective hedge effectiveness.



60      2020 Annual Report
The fair value of forward exchange contracts is based on their listed market prices, if available. If a listed market price is not
available, then fair value is estimated by discounting the difference between the contractual forward price and the current
forward price for the residual maturity of the contract using a risk-free interest rate (based on government bonds).
The fair value of interest rate swaps is based on broker quotes. Those quotes are tested for reasonableness by discounting
estimated future cash flows based on the terms and maturity of each contract and using market interest rates for a similar
instrument at the measurement date.
Fair values reflect the credit risk of the instrument and include adjustments to take into account the credit risk of the group
entity and counterparty when appropriate.

Cash flow hedges
When a derivative is designated as the hedging instrument in a hedge of the variability in cash flows attributable to a particular
risk associated with a recognized asset or liability or a highly probable forecast transaction that could affect profit or loss, the
effective portion of changes in the fair value of the derivative is recognized in other comprehensive income and presented
in the hedging reserve in equity. The amount recognized in other comprehensive income is removed and included in profit
or loss in the same period that the hedged cash flows affect profit or loss, under the same line item in the consolidated
statement of comprehensive income as the hedged item. Any ineffective portion of changes in the fair value of the derivative
is recognized immediately in the consolidated income statement.
If the hedging instrument no longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting or expires or is sold, terminated, exercised, or
the designation is revoked, then hedge accounting is discontinued prospectively. The cumulative gain or loss previously
recognized in other comprehensive income and presented in unrealized gains or losses on cash flow hedges in equity
remains there until the forecast transaction affects profit or loss. When the hedged item is a non-financial asset, the amount
recognized in other comprehensive income is transferred to the carrying amount of the asset when the asset is recognized.
If the forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur, then the balance in other comprehensive income is recognized
immediately in profit or loss. In other cases, the amount recognized in other comprehensive income is transferred to the
consolidated income statement in the same period that the hedged item affects profit or loss.

Fair value hedges
Fair value hedges are hedges of the fair value of recognized assets, liabilities or unrecognized firm commitments. Changes
in the fair value of derivatives that are designated as fair value hedges are recorded in the consolidated income statement,
together with any changes in the fair value of the hedged item that are attributable to the hedged risk.

(d) Property, plant and equipment

(i)   Recognition and measurement
Items of property, plant and equipment are measured at cost, less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment
losses.
Cost includes expenditures that are directly attributable to the acquisition of the asset. The cost of self-constructed assets
includes the cost of materials and direct labour, any other costs directly attributable to bringing the assets to a working
condition for their intended uses, and the costs of dismantling and removing the items and restoring the site on which they
are located. Purchased software that is integral to the functionality of the related equipment is capitalized as part of that
equipment.
The fair value of property, plant and equipment recognized as a result of a business combination is based on the amount for
which a property could be exchanged on the date of valuation between knowledgeable, willing parties in an arm’s length
transaction.
Borrowing costs related to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets are capitalized as part of the cost
of the assets.
When parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, they are accounted for as separate items
(major components) of property, plant and equipment.
Gains and losses on disposal of an item of property, plant and equipment are determined by comparing the proceeds
from disposal with the carrying amount of property, plant and equipment and are recognized within selling, general and
administrative expenses in the consolidated income statement.




                                                                                                              2020 Annual Report   61
N O T E S T O T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 (In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)




The cost of replacing a part of an item of property, plant and equipment is recognized in the carrying amount of the item if it is
probable that the future economic benefits embodied within the part will flow to the Company and its cost can be measured
reliably. The carrying amount of the replaced part is derecognized. The costs of the day-to-day servicing of property, plant
and equipment are recognized in profit or loss as incurred.

(ii) Depreciation
Depreciation is calculated based on the cost of the asset, or other amount substituted for cost, less its residual value.
Depreciation is recognized in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of each part of an item of
property, plant and equipment, since this most closely reflects the expected pattern of consumption of the future economic
benefits embodied in the asset.
The estimated useful lives for the current and comparative periods are as follows:
• Buildings 		Up to 40 years
• Machinery and equipment 		Up to 20 years
• Fixtures and fittings 		Up to 10 years
• Minor components          Up to 5 years
Depreciation methods, useful lives and residual values are reviewed at each reporting date and adjusted if appropriate.

(e) Intangible assets

(i)   Goodwill
Goodwill arises on the acquisition of subsidiaries and is tested for impairment annually or more frequently if events or
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. For measurement of goodwill at initial recognition,
see note 3(a)(i).

Subsequent measurement
Goodwill is measured at cost, less accumulated impairment losses. In respect of equity-accounted investments, the carrying
amount of goodwill is included in the carrying amount of the investment.

(ii) Other intangible assets
Indefinite life intangibles, such as brands, are tested for impairment annually or more frequently if events or circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.
Intangible assets consist of patents, trademarks, brands, software and the value of acquired customer relationships.
Impairment losses for intangible assets where the carrying value is not recoverable are measured based on fair value. Fair
value is calculated by using discounted cash flows.
The fair values of customer relationships acquired in a business combination are determined using the multi-period excess
earnings method, whereby the subject asset is valued after deducting a fair return on all other assets that are part of creating
the related cash flows.
The fair values of brands acquired in a business combination are determined using the multi-period excess earnings method
or the relief of royalty method, whereby the value of the brand is equal to the royalty savings from having ownership as
opposed to licensing the brand.
Amortization is recognized in the consolidated income statement on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of
intangible assets, other than indefinite-life intangible assets, such as brands and goodwill, from the date that they are available
for use. The estimated useful lives for the current and comparative years are as follows:
• Patents, trademarks and other			                   Up to 15 years
• Customer relationships			                          Up to 20 years
• Brands and goodwill			                             Indefinite-life




62    2020 Annual Report
(f) Leases
The Company recognizes right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for all leases with a term of more than 12 months, unless the
underlying asset is of low value. The right-of-use asset is measured based on the initial value of the lease liability adjusted
for lease payments made at or before the commencement of the lease, initial direct costs and estimated dismantling and
restoring costs. The right-of-use asset is depreciated over the shorter of the lease term and the asset’s useful life, unless it is
reasonably certain the Company will obtain ownership by the end of the lease term, in which case the asset is depreciated
over its useful life.
The lease liability is measured at the present value of all future lease payments discounted at the lessee’s incremental
borrowing rate. Lease liabilities are measured at amortized cost using the effective interest rate method whereby interest is
recognized in profit or loss over the lease term.
The Company has adopted the practical expedients related to short-term leases and leases of low-value assets whereby lease
obligations associated with these leases are recognized as an expense in the consolidated income statement when incurred.

(g) Inventories
Inventories are measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value. The cost of inventories is based on the first-in, first-out
principle and includes expenditures incurred in acquiring the inventories, production or conversion costs, and other costs
incurred in bringing them to their existing locations and conditions. In the case of manufactured inventories and work in
progress, cost includes an appropriate share of production overheads based on normal operating capacity.
Net realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less the estimated costs of completion
and selling.
The fair value of inventories acquired in a business combination is determined based on the estimated selling price in the
ordinary course of business, less the estimated costs of completion and sale, and a reasonable profit margin based on the
effort required to complete and sell the inventories.
Estimates regarding obsolete and slow-moving inventory are also computed.

(h) Impairment

(i)   Financial assets, including receivables
A financial asset not carried at FVTPL is assessed at each reporting date to determine whether there is any objective evidence
that it is impaired. A financial asset is considered to be impaired if objective evidence indicates an expected credit loss (“ECL”).
Loss allowances are measured on the basis of lifetime ECLs where losses are recognized from all possible default events over
the expected life of a financial instrument.
The Company considers evidence of impairment for financial assets measured at amortized cost at both a specific asset and
a collective level. All individually significant financial assets measured at amortized cost are assessed for specific impairment.
All individually significant financial assets measured at amortized cost that are found not to be specifically impaired are then
collectively assessed for any impairment that has been incurred but not yet identified.
In assessing collective impairment, the Company uses historical trends of the probability of default, timing of recoveries and
the amount of expected loss, adjusted for management’s judgement as to whether current and expected future economic
and credit conditions are such that the expected losses are likely to be greater than or less than those suggested by
historical trends.
An impairment loss in respect of a financial asset measured at amortized cost is calculated as the difference between its
carrying amount and the present value of the estimated future cash flows discounted at the original effective interest rate and
reflected in an allowance account against trade receivables. Losses are recognized in the consolidated income statement.
When a subsequent event causes the amount of impairment loss to decrease, the decrease in impairment loss is reversed
through profit or loss.




                                                                                                              2020 Annual Report   63
N O T E S T O T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 (In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)




(ii) Non-financial assets
The carrying amounts of non-financial assets, other than inventories and deferred tax assets, are reviewed at each reporting
date to determine whether there is any indication of impairment. If any such indication exists, the impairment would be
recognized in the consolidated income statement.
Impairments are recorded when the expected recoverable amount of assets is less than their carrying amount. The recoverable
amount is the higher of an asset’s or a cash-generating unit’s fair value, less the cost to sell and its value in use. In assessing
value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects
current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset. For the purpose of impairment
testing, assets that cannot be tested individually are grouped together into the smallest group of assets that generates cash
inflows from continuing use that are largely independent of the cash inflows of other assets or groups of assets. For the
purposes of goodwill impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is allocated to the CGU, or the group
of CGUs, that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination. This allocation is subject to an operating segment
ceiling test and reflects the lowest level at which that goodwill is monitored for internal reporting purposes. An impairment
loss is recognized if the carrying amount of an asset or its CGU exceeds its estimated recoverable amount. Impairment losses
are recognized in profit or loss. Impairment losses, other than those relating to goodwill, are evaluated for potential reversals
when events or changes in circumstances warrant such consideration.
The carrying values of finite-life intangible assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that their carrying amounts may not be recoverable. Additionally, the carrying values of goodwill and indefinite-life
intangibles are tested annually for impairment.
An impairment loss in respect of goodwill is not reversed. In respect of other assets, impairment losses recognized in prior
years are assessed at each reporting date for any indications that the losses have decreased or no longer exist. An impairment
loss is reversed if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount. An impairment loss
is reversed only to the extent that the asset's carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been
determined, net of depreciation or amortization, if no impairment loss had been recognized.
Goodwill that forms part of the carrying amount of an equity-accounted investment is not recognized separately and therefore
is not tested for impairment separately. Instead, the entire amount of the equity-accounted investment is tested for impairment
as a single asset when there is objective evidence that the equity-accounted investment may be impaired.

(i)   Employee benefits

(i)   Defined contribution plans
A defined contribution plan is a post-employment benefit plan under which an entity pays fixed contributions into a separate
entity and will have no legal or constructive obligation to pay further amounts. Obligations for contributions to defined
contribution pension plans are recognized as an employee benefit expense in the consolidated income statement in the
period that the service is rendered by the employee.

(ii) Defined benefit plans
A defined benefit plan is a post-employment benefit plan other than a defined contribution plan. The Company's net obligation
in respect of defined benefit post-employment plans is calculated separately for each plan by estimating the amount of future
benefit that employees have earned in return for their service in the current and prior periods; that benefit is discounted to
determine its present value using a discount rate comparable to high-quality corporate bonds. Any unrecognized past service
costs and the fair value of any plan assets are deducted. The calculation is performed annually by a qualified actuary using the
projected unit credit method. When the calculation results in a benefit to the Company, the recognized asset is limited to the
total of any unrecognized past service costs and the present value of economic benefits available in the form of any future
refunds from the plan or reductions in future contributions to the plan. An economic benefit is available to the Company if it
is realizable during the life of the plan or on settlement of the plan liabilities.
When the benefits of a plan are improved, the portion of the increased benefit relating to past service by employees is
recognized in the consolidated income statement on a straight-line basis over the average period until the benefits become
vested. To the extent that the benefits vest immediately, the expense is recognized immediately in the consolidated
income statement.
The Company recognizes all actuarial gains and losses arising from defined benefit plans directly in other comprehensive
income immediately and reports them in retained earnings.




64    2020 Annual Report
The Company determines the net interest expense on the net defined benefit liability for the period by applying the discount
rate used to measure the defined benefit obligation at the beginning of the annual period to the then-net defined benefit
liability, taking into account any changes in the net defined benefit liability during the period as a result of the contributions
and benefit balances. Net interest expense and other expenses related to the defined benefit plans are recognized in profit
or loss.

(iii) Termination benefits
Termination benefits are recognized as an expense when the Company is demonstrably committed, without realistic possibility
of withdrawal, to a formal detailed plan to either terminate employment before the normal retirement date or provide
termination benefits as a result of an offer made to encourage voluntary redundancy. Termination benefits for voluntary
redundancies are recognized as an expense if the Company has made an offer of voluntary redundancy, it is probable that the
offer will be accepted and the number of acceptances can be estimated reliably. If benefits are payable more than 12 months
after the reporting period, then they are discounted to their present value.

(iv) Short-term benefits
Short-term employee benefit obligations are measured on an undiscounted basis and are recognized as the related service
is provided.

(v) Share-based payment transactions
For equity-settled share-based plans, the grant-date fair value of options granted to employees is recognized as an employee
expense, with a corresponding increase in equity, over the period that the employees become unconditionally entitled to the
options. The amount recognized as an expense is adjusted to reflect the actual number of share options for which the related
service and non-market vesting conditions are expected to be met. The fair value of employee stock options is measured
using the Black-Scholes model. Measurement inputs include the share price on the measurement date, the exercise price of
the instrument, the expected volatility, the weighted-average expected life of the instrument, the expected dividends, and
the risk-free interest rate. Service and non-market performance conditions attached to the transactions are not taken into
account in determining fair value.
For equity-settled share-based deferred share unit (“DSU”) plans, the grant-date fair value of deferred share units is recognized
as an employee expense, with a corresponding increase in equity. The grant-date fair value is not subsequently remeasured.
The value of DSUs received in lieu of dividends is also recognized as a personnel expense in selling, general and administrative
expenses in the consolidated income statement.

(j)   Provisions
A provision is recognized if, as a result of a past event, the Company has a present legal or constructive obligation that can be
estimated reliably and it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation. Provisions
are determined by discounting the expected future cash flows at a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of
the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability. The unwinding of the discount is recognized as a finance cost.

(k) Revenue
Revenue is measured based on the consideration specified in a contract with a customer. Revenue is recognized as performance
obligations are satisfied and the Company transfers control of a product or service to a customer. For performance obligations
satisfied at a point in time, revenue is recognized when the Company has a present right to payment, the buyer has legal title
to the asset, physical possession of the asset has transferred to the buyer, the buyer has the significant risks and rewards
of ownership and the buyer has accepted the asset. Generally, the buyer obtains control at the time goods are shipped, the
product is delivered or services are rendered. For performance obligations satisfied over time, revenue is recognized by
measuring the progress toward complete satisfaction of that performance obligation. For customer contracts that contain
multiple performance obligations, each element is treated separately for revenue recognition purposes. For these contracts,
the total transaction price is allocated to each obligation based on its relative stand-alone selling price. Revenue is then
recognized for each obligation when the relevant recognition criteria are met.
Certain contracts with customers contain incentives, including the payment of discounts based on quantities purchased.
These incentives represent variable consideration and are estimated and recognized as a reduction of related revenues.




                                                                                                            2020 Annual Report   65
N O T E S T O T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 (In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)




(l)   Finance income and costs
Finance income comprises interest income on invested funds, changes in the fair value of financial assets at FVTPL, and
gains on hedging instruments that are recognized in the consolidated income statement. Interest income is recognized as it
accrues in the consolidated income statement, using the effective interest method.
Finance costs comprise interest expense on borrowings, unwinding of the discount on provisions, changes in the fair value
of financial assets at FVTPL, impairment losses recognized on financial assets, and losses on hedging instruments that are
recognized in the consolidated income statement. All borrowing costs are recognized in the consolidated income statement
using the effective interest method, except for those amounts capitalized as part of the cost of qualifying property, plant and
equipment.

(m) Taxation
Income tax expense comprises current and deferred tax. Income tax expense is recognized in the consolidated income
statement except to the extent that it relates to items recognized either in other comprehensive income or directly in equity.
In such cases, the tax is also recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.

(i)   Current tax
Current tax expense is based on the results for the period as adjusted for items that are not taxable or not deductible. Current
tax is calculated using tax rates and laws that were enacted or substantively enacted at the end of the reporting period and
includes any adjustments to taxes payable in respect of previous years. Management periodically evaluates positions taken in
tax returns with respect to situations in which applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretation. Provisions are established
where appropriate on the basis of amounts expected to be paid to the tax authorities.

(ii) Deferred tax
Deferred tax is recognized, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising between the tax bases of assets and
liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated statement of financial position. Deferred tax is calculated using tax
rates and laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the end of the reporting period and which are expected
to apply when the related deferred tax asset is realized or the deferred tax liability is settled.

(iii) Deferred tax liabilities
Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognized for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax liabilities are recognized
for taxable temporary differences arising on investments in subsidiaries and associates, except where the reversal of the
temporary difference can be controlled by the Company and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in
the foreseeable future.

(iv) Deferred tax assets
A deferred tax asset is recognized for unused tax losses, tax credits and deductible temporary differences to the extent that
it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which they can be utilized. Deferred tax assets are reviewed
at each reporting date and are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit will be realized.
Deferred tax is not recognized for taxable temporary differences arising on the initial recognition of goodwill or in respect of
temporary differences that arise on initial recognition of assets and liabilities acquired other than in a business combination
and that affect neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss.

(n) Share capital
All shares are recorded as equity. When share capital is repurchased, the amount of the consideration paid, which includes
directly attributable costs, net of any tax effect, is recognized as a deduction from equity. Repurchased shares are classified
as treasury shares and are presented as a deduction from total equity. When repurchased shares are subsequently sold or
reissued, the amount received is recognized as an increase in equity, and the resulting surplus or deficit on the transaction
is transferred to retained earnings.

(o) Earnings per share
The Company presents basic and diluted earnings per share (“EPS”) data for its Class B shares. Basic EPS is calculated by
dividing net earnings attributable to shareholders of the Company by the weighted average number of shares outstanding
during the period. Diluted EPS is determined by adjusting net earnings attributable to shareholders and the weighted average
number of shares outstanding for the effects of all potentially dilutive shares, which primarily comprise share options granted
to employees.



66    2020 Annual Report
(p) Segment reporting
A segment is a distinguishable component of the Company that is engaged either in providing related products and services
(business segment) or in providing products and services within a particular economic environment (geographical segment)
and that is subject to risks and returns that are different from those of other segments. Segment information is presented
in respect of the Company’s business and geographical segments. The Company’s primary format for segment reporting is
based on business segments. The business segments are determined based on the Company’s management and internal
reporting structure.
Segment results, assets and liabilities include items directly attributable to a segment as well as those that can be allocated
on a reasonable basis. Unallocated items comprise mainly other investments and related revenue, loans and borrowings
and related expenses, corporate assets (primarily the Company’s headquarters) and head office expenses. Segment capital
expenditure is the total cost incurred during the period to acquire property, plant and equipment and intangible assets, other
than goodwill.

(q) Government grants
Government grants are recognized when there is reasonable assurance that they will be received and that the Company
will comply with conditions attached to the grant. Government grants for compensation of expenses are deducted from
the related expense on a systematic basis in the periods in which the original expenses are recognized in profit or loss.
Government grants related to assets are initially recognized as deferred income at fair value and then recognized in profit or
loss as other income on a systematic basis over the useful life of the related asset.


4. SEGMENT REPORTING

(a)   Business segments
The Company has four reportable segments, as described below, which are the Company’s main business units. The
business units offer different products and services and are managed separately as they require different technology and
marketing strategies. For each of the business units, the Company’s CEO, the chief operating decision maker, reviews internal
management reports regularly.
The Company's reportable segments are the following:
•	CCL is a converter of pressure sensitive and specialty extruded film materials for a wide range of decorative, instructional,
   functional and security applications for government institutions and large global customers in the consumer packaging,
   healthcare & chemicals, consumer electronic device and automotive markets. Extruded & laminated plastic tubes, aluminum
   aerosols & specialty bottles, folded instructional leaflets, precision decorated & die cut components, electronic displays,
   polymer banknote substrate and other complementary products and services are sold in parallel to specific end-use
   markets.
•	Avery is a supplier of labels, specialty converted media and software solutions to enable short-run digital printing in businesses
   and homes alongside complementary office products sold through distributors and mass-market retailers. The products
   are split into three primary lines: (1) Printable Media, including address labels, shipping labels, marketing and product
   identification labels, business cards, and name badges supported by customized software solutions; (2) Organizational
   Products Group, including binders, sheet protectors, indexes & dividers and writing instruments; (3) Direct-to-Consumer
   digitally imaged media, including labels, business cards, name badges, event badges, wristbands and family-oriented
   identification labels supported by unique web-enabled e-commerce URLs.
•	Checkpoint is a manufacturer of technology-driven loss-prevention, inventory-management and labeling solutions,
   including radio frequency and radio frequency identification (“RFID”) solutions, to the retail and apparel industry. The
   Segment has three primary product lines: Merchandise Availability Solutions (“MAS”), Apparel Labeling Solutions (“ALS”)
   and “Meto.” The MAS line focuses on electronic-article-surveillance (“EAS”) systems; hardware, software, labels and tags
   for loss prevention and inventory control systems including RFID solutions. ALS products are apparel labels and tags, some
   of which are RFID capable. Meto supplies hand-held pricing tools and labels and promotional in-store displays.
•	Innovia supplies specialty, high-performance, multi-layer, surface-engineered biaxially oriented polypropylene ("BOPP")
   films from facilities in Australia, Belgium, Mexico, Poland and the United Kingdom (“U.K.”) to customers in the pressure-
   sensitive label materials, flexible packaging and consumer packaged goods industries worldwide. Additionally, a small
   percentage of the total volume is sold internally to CCL Secure while two smaller film facilities, in Germany and the U.S.,
   produce almost their entire output for CCL Label.




                                                                                                               2020 Annual Report   67
N O T E S T O T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 (In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)




				
   						                                                                                                Sales			Operating Income

								                                                                       2020                  2019		2020                             2019
CCL					      $ 3,357.6 $ 3,300.9 $ 552.8 $                                                                                                494.3
Avery						 634.2		 739.0		 113.3 		                                                                                                       156.5
Checkpoint					635.5		 724.1		 80.3		                                                                                                       96.4
Innovia					615.0		 557.3		 77.1		                                                                                                          40.1
     $
						 5,242.3                                                                             $      5,321.3      $          823.5      $     787.3
Corporate expenses										 (46.7)		 (49.7)
Restructuring and other items								            (27.6)		 (25.0)
Earnings in equity-accounted investments								   9.5		    5.4
Finance cost										 (67.9)		 (86.7)
Finance income										                           9.1		 12.0
Interest on lease liabilities									            (6.4)		  (6.3)
Income tax expense									(163.8)		 (159.9)
                    $
Net earnings									 529.7                                                                                                          $     477.1

							                                 Depreciation		
				 Total Assets Total Liabilities and Amortization Capital Expenditures

December 31                                 2020               2020
                                                          2019		                       2019          2020		        2019           2020      2019
CCL                          $ 3,805.6 $ 3,634.3 $ 1,066.8 $ 964.1  $ 231.3 $ 221.4 $ 197.8 $ 272.7
Avery		                          707.1		 638.2		 231.9		236.7		 26.4		 24.1		 22.0		 13.5
Checkpoint                       975.1		 934.1		 497.7		486.8		 38.2		 37.8		 22.0		 28.9
Innovia                        1,145.9		1,090.8		 288.7		261.7		 48.9		 44.7		 41.0		 30.2
Equity-accounted investments      66.1      62.0		      —		 —		 —		 —		 —                        —
Corporate		                      636.9		 678.6     1,969.4		2,191.0		 1.6		 1.6		 —             0.3
Total                                 $ 7,336.7      $ 7,038.0     $ 4,054.5       $ 4,140.3     $ 346.4      $ 329.6       $ 282.8      $ 345.6

All revenues are from products and services transferred at a point in time, except $69.6 million for the twelve-month
periods ended December 31, 2020 (December 31, 2019 – $78.6 million), which are for installation and maintenance service
arrangements within the Checkpoint Segment.

(b) Geographical segments
The CCL, Avery, Checkpoint and Innovia Segments are managed on a worldwide basis but operate in the following geographical
areas:
• Canada;
• United States and Puerto Rico;
• Mexico, Brazil, Chile and Argentina;
• Europe; and
• Asia, Australia, Africa and New Zealand.
				 									        Property, Plant and
													       Equipment, Goodwill
										 Sales			 and Intangible Assets

								                                                                       2020		2019		2020		2019
Canada					                                $   126.1 $   134.2 $    71.2 $    62.7
United States and Puerto Rico					           2,086.2   2,152.3		 1,197.5		 1,153.8
Mexico, Brazil, Chile and Argentina					       431.4		 439.9		 522.8		 572.3
Europe						 1,697.9		 1,656.1		 1,719.1		 1,597.5
Asia, Australia, Africa and New Zealand				    900.7		 938.8		 1,298.2		 1,255.0
                $
Consolidated					 5,242.3                                                                  $      5,321.3      $      4,808.8        $    4,641.3

The geographical segment is determined based on the location from which the sale is made.


68      2020 Annual Report
5.   AC Q U I S I T I O N S

(a) Acquisitions in 2020
In January 2020, the Company acquired IDentilam Limited ("IDentilam") based in Horsham, U.K., for approximately $2.9 million,
net of cash acquired. The company designs and develops a range of software solutions for event badging and identification
cards along with digital printing services. IDentilam was added to Avery’s direct-to-consumer operations.
In January 2020, the Company acquired I.D.&C. World Holdco Ltd ("ID&C"), with operations in Tunbridge Wells, U.K., and
Bradenton, Florida, for approximately $35.5 million, net of cash acquired. ID&C is a global leader in live event badges and
wristbands. ID&C was added to Avery’s direct-to-consumer operations.
In January 2020, the Company acquired privately owned Ibertex Etiquetaje Industrial S.L.U. and Eti-Textil Maroc S.a.r.l. AU
("Eti-Textil"), for approximately $20.1 million, net of cash and debt. Eti-Textil, headquartered in Elche, Spain, with satellite
manufacturing in Tangier, Morocco, is an apparel label producer that was integrated into the Apparel Labeling Solutions
business of Checkpoint.
In February 2020, the Company acquired the remaining 50% interest in its aluminum slug joint venture, Rheinfelden Americas,
LLC ("Rheinfelden"), by assuming $18.8 million of net debt previously held in the venture. The business immediately changed
its name to CCL Metal Science and reported within the CCL Segment.
In February 2020, the Company acquired Clinical Systems, Inc. (“CSI”), based in Garden City, New York, for approximately
$19.7 million, net of cash acquired. CSI is a specialized provider to the U.S. clinical trials industry and operates as part of
CCL Label’s Healthcare and Specialty business.
In March 2020, the Company acquired Flexpol Sp. Z.o.o. ("Flexpol"), a privately owned company based in Plock, Poland, for
approximately $23.5 million, net of cash acquired. Flexpol is a leading producer of BOPP film for the European market and
was added to the Innovia Segment.
In July 2020, the Company acquired InTouch Labels and Packaging, Co., Inc. (“InTouch”), based near Boston, Massachusetts,
for approximately $11.1 million, net of cash and debt. InTouch is a specialized short-run digital label converter and was added
to Avery’s direct-to-consumer operations.
In October 2020, the Company acquired Graphic West International ApS (“GWI”), headquartered in Denmark, with operations
in Europe and North America, for approximately $35.2 million, net of cash and debt. This new operation brings expanded
capabilities and geographic reach in digitally printed cartons for the pharmaceutical industry. The company now trades as
“CCL Specialty Cartons”.
In November 2020, the Company acquired privately owned Super Enterprises Printing (Malaysia) Sdn. Bnd. (“SEP”) for
approximately $15.4 million, net of cash. SEP headquarterd in Kuala Lumpur, with a second manufacturing operation in
Guangzhou, China. SEP manufactures decorative panels, liquid crystal and touch-screen display covers and in-mould decorated
components for the consumer electronics and automotive sectors across Asia. The company now trades as “CCL Design.”
The following table summarizes the allocation of the consideration to the fair value of the assets acquired and
liabilities assumed for the IDentilam, ID&C, Eti-Textil, CSI, Rheinfelden, Flexpol, InTouch, GWI and SEP acquisitions:

Cash consideration, net of cash acquired									 $                                                                            161.4
Assumed debt												                                                                                                        20.8
												$                                                                                                                  182.2
Trade and other receivables										$                                                                                          30.4
Inventories												                                                                                                         13.4
Other current assets												                                                                                                 0.9
Income tax recoverable												                                                                                               1.7
Property, plant and equipment											                                                                                        59.2
Right-of-use assets												                                                                                                  7.2
Goodwill												                                                                                                            96.8
Intangible assets												                                                                                                   24.0
Trade and other payables											                                                                                            (34.3)
Lease liabilities												                                                                                                   (4.7)
Deferred tax liabilities												                                                                                            (9.6)
Provisions and other long-term liabilities										                                                                            (2.8)
Net assets acquired											$                                                                                                182.2

                                                                                                          2020 Annual Report    69
N O T E S T O T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 (In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)




The determination of the fair value of assets and liabilities acquired for GWI and SEP are based upon preliminary estimates
and assumptions. The Company will continue to review information prior to finalizing the fair value of the assets acquired
and liabilities assumed. The actual fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed may differ from the amounts noted
above.
Goodwill is comprised of the excess fair value of the consideration paid over the fair value of the net assets acquired. Factors
that make up the amount of goodwill recognized include expected synergies and employee knowledge of operations. The
total amount of goodwill and intangible assets for IDentilam, ID&C, Eti-Textil, CSI, Rheinfelden, Flexpol, InTouch, GWI and SEP
is $120.8 million, which is not deductible for tax purposes.
The following table summarizes the combined sales and net earnings that the newly acquired IDentilam, ID&C, Eti-Textil, CSI,
Rheinfelden, Flexpol, InTouch, GWI and SEP have contributed to the Company for the current reporting period.

										                                                                                                            Twelve Months Ended
										                                                                                                         December 31, 2020
Sales										                                                                                                           $       100.5
                       $
Net earnings 											 3.3

(b) Pro forma information
The pro forma consolidated financial information below has been prepared following the accounting policies of the Company
as if the acquisitions took place on January 1, 2020.
The pro forma consolidated financial information has been presented for illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily
indicative of the results of operations and financial position that would have been achieved had the pro forma events taken
place on the dates indicated, or the future consolidated results of operations or financial position of the consolidated
company. Future results may vary significantly from the pro forma results presented.
The historical consolidated financial information has been adjusted in preparing the pro forma consolidated financial
information to give effect to events that are: (i) directly attributable to the acquisitions; (ii) factually supportable; and (iii) with
respect to revenues and earnings, expected to have a continuing impact on the results of CCL Industries Inc. As such, the
impact from acquisition-related expenses is not included in the accompanying pro forma consolidated financial information.
The pro forma consolidated financial information does not reflect any cost savings (or associated costs to achieve such
savings) from operating efficiencies, synergies or other restructuring that could result from the acquisitions.
The following table summarizes the sales and net earnings of the Company combined with IDentilam, ID&C, Eti-Textil, CSI,
Rheinfelden, Flexpol, InTouch, GWI and SEP as though the acquisitions took place on January 1, 2020:

										                                                                                                            Twelve Months Ended
										                                                                                                         December 31, 2020
               $
Sales											 5,318.8
                       $
Net earnings 											 536.8

(c)   Acquisitions in 2019
In January 2019, the Company acquired Olympic Holding B.V. and its related subsidiaries (“Olympic”), a privately-owned
company based in Venray, Netherlands, for approximately $13.6 million, net of cash acquired. Olympic is a start-up technology
company with a proprietary, patented process to produce high-bond, acrylic foam tapes without the use of solvents for
applications in the automotive, electronics and construction industries. Olympic was added to the CCL Segment.
In January 2019, the Company acquired Easy2Name Limited (“E2N”), a privately owned company based near Newbury in the
U.K. for approximately $2.5 million, net of cash acquired. E2N expands Avery’s direct-to-consumer online digital print offering
of durable, personalized “kids' labels” to the U.K. market. E2N was added to the Avery Segment.
In March 2019, the Company and its joint-venture partner each invested an additional $0.7 million in Rheinfelden Americas,
LLC, a supplier of aluminum slugs for aerosol cans.
In April 2019, the Company acquired Hinsitsu Screen (Vietnam) Company Limited (“Hinsitsu”), based in Hanoi, with a second
manufacturing operation in Ho Chi Minh City, for approximately $12.9 million, net of cash acquired. Hinsitsu is a leading
supplier of durable and tamper-evident labels and graphic overlays for the electronics industry in Vietnam. Hinsitsu was
added to the CCL Segment.


70    2020 Annual Report
In May 2019, the Company acquired Colle À Moi Inc. ("CAM"), a privately owned company based in Quebec City, Canada, for
approximately $3.1 million, net of cash acquired. CAM adds to Avery's direct-to-consumer online digital print capabilities for
personalized "kids' labels".
In June 2019, the Company acquired Say it Personally Limited (“STS”), a privately owned company based near East Grinstead
in the U.K. for approximately $0.4 million, net of cash acquired. STS is a manufacturer of durable, personalized garment tags
for the U.K. market and expands Avery’s direct-to-consumer online product offerings.
In November 2019, the Company acquired the shares of Stuck On You Holdings Pty Ltd and Stuck on You Trading Pty Ltd
(collectively, “SOY”), two privately owned companies based in Melbourne, Australia, for approximately $7.2 million, net of cash
acquired. SOY adds to Avery's direct-to-consumer online digital print capabilities for personalized "kids' labels".
The following table summarizes the allocation of the consideration to the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities
assumed for the Olympic, E2N, Hinsitsu, CAM, STS and SOY acquisitions:

Cash consideration, net of cash acquired									                                                                  $            39.7
Trade and other receivables										$                                                                                           2.0
Inventories												                                                                                                          1.4
Property, plant and equipment											                                                                                         3.1
Right-of-use assets												                                                                                                  1.3
Deferred tax assets												                                                                                                  0.3
Goodwill												                                                                                                            35.6
Trade and other payables											                                                                                             (2.6)
Lease liabilities												                                                                                                   (1.2)
Income taxes payable												                                                                                                (0.2)
Net assets acquired											$                                                                                                 39.7


6.   C A S H A N D C A S H E Q U I VA L E N T S
										 December 31, 		 December 31,
										        2020		          2019
Bank balances									         $ 697.0 $                                                                                       689.2
Restricted cash										          3.4		                                                                                         8.4
Short-term investments										   3.3		                                                                                         6.0
Cash and cash equivalents								                                                              $       703.7       $           703.6


7.   T R A D E A N D OT H E R R E C E I VA B L E S
										 December 31, 		 December 31,
										        2020		          2019
                         $
Trade receivables									 809.9 $                                                                                             752.3
Other receivables									112.9		                                                                                               96.9
Trade and other receivables								                                                            $       922.8       $           849.2




                                                                                                          2020 Annual Report     71
N O T E S T O T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 (In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)




8.   I N V E N TO R I E S
										 December 31, 		 December 31,
										        2020		          2019
Raw material									   $ 215.1 $                                                                                                   200.2
Work in progress									 61.7		                                                                                                     53.0
Finished goods										 256.7		                                                                                                    228.4
                         $
Total inventories									 533.5                                                                                             $      481.6

The total amount of inventories recognized as an expense in 2020 was $3,740.1 million (2019 – $3,809.1 million), including
depreciation of $288.0 million (2019 – $272.3 million).


9.   E Q U I T Y-AC C O U N T E D I N V E S T M E N T S
Summary financial information for equity-accounted investments, including joint ventures and associates, not adjusted for
the percentage ownership held by the Company, is as follows:
										                                                                                                           At December 31, 2020

									Associates		
                    Joint Ventures		                                                                                                 Total

Net earnings							                     $  5.6  $                                                                    13.4 $          19.0
Other comprehensive income (loss)							  (7.8)		                                                                     3.4		          (4.4)
Total comprehensive income (loss)						                                                    $             (2.2)   $   16.8    $       14.6
Carrying amount of investments in associates and joint ventures		                          $         28.1        $   38.0    $       66.1


										                                                                                                           At December 31, 2019
									 Associates		
                     Joint Ventures		                                                                                                Total

Net earnings							$                                                                                      3.4  $      7.3  $         10.7
Other comprehensive loss							                                                                          (1.2)		     (5.3)		         (6.5)
Total comprehensive income						$                                                                         2.2    $    2.0    $        4.2
Carrying amount of investments in associates and joint ventures		                          $             29.1    $   32.9    $       62.0




72    2020 Annual Report
1 0. P R O P E R T Y, P L A N T A N D E Q U I P M E N T
			 			          		 Machinery 		 Fixtures,
						  Land and 		       and 		  Fittings
						 Buildings		Equipment		 and Other		                                                                  Total

Cost 				
Balance at January 1, 2019				$                           805.8   $ 2,484.1   $     44.4   $ 3,334.3
Acquisitions through business combinations			               0.4		       2.6		        0.1		       3.1
Other additions						                                      34.2		 306.8		            4.6		 345.6
Other movements						                                      50.3		 (50.9)		           0.6		        —
Disposals						                                            (4.2)		 (44.5)		         (0.3)		 (49.0)
Effect of movements in exchange rates				                 (37.5)		   (172.7)		      (4.4)		   (214.6)
Balance at December 31, 2019				$                         849.0   $   2,525.4   $   45.0      $      3,419.4
Acquisitions through business combinations		               18.8		       40.1		       0.3		                 59.2
Other additions						                                      45.9		      233.6		       3.3		                282.8
Other movements						                                      21.3		      (23.0)		      1.7		                   —
Disposals						                                           (20.1)		     (17.4)		     (0.4)		               (37.9)
Effect of movements in exchange rates				                  (0.6)		     (41.2)		       —		                 (41.8)
Balance at December 31, 2020				$                         914.3   $   2,717.5   $   49.9      $      3,681.7
Accumulated depreciation 				
Balance at January 1, 2019				$                           216.2   $ 1,294.2   $     26.4   $ 1,536.8
Depreciation for the year					                             33.6		 196.3		            4.1		 234.0
Other movements						                                        —		        0.1		       (0.1)		       —
Disposals						                                            (0.9)		 (41.5)		         (0.3)		 (42.7)
Effect of movements in exchange rates				                 (13.3)		   (110.4)		      (3.2)		   (126.9)
Balance at December 31, 2019				$                         235.6   $   1,338.7   $   26.9      $      1,601.2
Depreciation for the year					                             35.7		      207.5		       4.3		                247.5
Other movements						                                       4.1		       (4.2)		      0.1		                   —
Disposals						                                            (8.9)		     (14.9)		     (0.3)		               (24.1)
Effect of movements in exchange rates				                  (0.1)		     (25.5)		       —		                 (25.6)
Balance at December 31, 2020				$                         266.4   $   1,501.6   $   31.0      $      1,799.0
Carrying amounts								
At December 31, 2019					$ 613.4 $ 1,186.7                                      $   18.1      $      1,818.2
At December 31, 2020					$ 647.9 $ 1,215.9                                      $   18.9      $      1,882.7




                                                                                     2020 Annual Report     73
N O T E S T O T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 (In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)




11. LEASES

(a) Right-of-use assets
Right-of-use assets related to leased properties that do not meet the definition of investment property are presented as
property, plant and equipment (see note 10).
			 			          		 Machinery 		
						  Land and 		       and 		
						 Buildings		Equipment		                                                                                       Other		     Total

Cost 				
Balance at January 1, 2019				$                                                141.6   $                  9.9   $   16.1   $   167.6
Acquisitions through business combinations			                                    1.1		                    0.2		       —		        1.3
Other additions						                                                            5.2		                    3.7		     10.1		      19.0
Other movements						                                                           (1.3)		                    —		      (1.4)		     (2.7)
Effect of movements in exchange rates				                                       (0.7)		                  (0.2)		    (0.3)		     (1.2)
Balance at December 31, 2019				$                                              145.9       $             13.6   $   24.5   $   184.0
Acquisitions through business combinations			  7.0		   0.1		   0.1		   7.2
Other additions						 38.3		                           1.2		   9.0		 48.5
Other movements						(5.9)		(0.6)		(1.3)		(7.8)
Effect of movements in exchange rates				     (3.7)		 (0.1)		 (2.2)		 (6.0)
Balance at December 31, 2020				$                                              181.6       $         14.2       $   30.1   $   225.9
Accumulated depreciation 				
Balance at January 1, 2019				$             —    $   —    $   —    $   —
Depreciation for the year					 26.3		               4.1		    8.7		 39.1
Other movements						(0.3)		(0.2)		(0.5)		(1.0)
Effect of movements in exchange rates				 (0.4)		  (0.1)		  (0.1)		  (0.6)
Balance at December 31, 2019				$                                               25.6       $              3.8   $    8.1   $    37.5
Depreciation for the year					 27.7		              4.1		   9.6		 41.4
Other movements						(3.1)		(0.6)		(1.0)		(4.7)
Effect of movements in exchange rates				 (4.6)		 (0.2)		 (1.9)		 (6.7)
Balance at December 31, 2020				$                                               45.6       $              7.1   $   14.8   $    67.5
Carrying amounts				
At December 31, 2019					$                                                     120.3       $              9.8   $   16.4   $   146.5
At December 31, 2020					$                                                     136.0       $              7.1   $   15.3   $   158.4

(b) Amounts recognized in the consolidated income statements and statements of cash flows
										 December 31, 		 December 31,
										        2020		          2019
Interest on lease liabilities								                                                                           $    6.4   $     6.3
Expenses relating to short-term leases								                                                                  $    3.1   $     4.4
Expenses relating to low-value asset leases, excluding short-term leases of low-value assets                    $    0.5   $     0.4
Total cash out flow for leases								                                                                          $   53.1   $    47.7




74    2020 Annual Report
1 2 . I N TA N G I B L E A S S E T S
							                Patents, 		
					 Customer		 Trademarks
					Relationships		 and Other   Brands                                                                      Total            Goodwill

Cost						
Balance at January 1, 2019		           $ 709.6   $                            196.4       $   453.5   $   1,359.5      $      1,830.3
Acquisitions through
  business combinations			                  —		                                  —		             —		           —		                  35.6
Other additions				                         —		                                 0.2		            —		          0.2		                   —
Effect of movements in exchange rates		  (30.1)		                             (14.7)		        (20.5)		      (65.3)		               (71.5)
Balance at December 31, 2019		$                          679.5       $        181.9       $   433.0   $   1,294.4      $      1,794.4
Acquisitions through
  business combinations			                                24.0		                 —		             —		         24.0		                102.6
Other additions				                                         —		                 0.1		            —		          0.1		                   —
Effect of movements in exchange rates		                    6.6		                6.7		          (0.7)		       12.6		                 21.5
Balance at December 31, 2020		$                         710.1        $       188.7        $   432.3   $   1,331.1      $      1,918.5
Amortization 					
Balance at January 1, 2019		$           180.8   $ 39.8   $                                      —  $       220.6   $                 —
Amortization for the year			 45.0		 11.5		                                                      —		         56.5		                   —
Effect of movements in exchange rates		  (8.2)		  (3.2)		                                       —		        (11.4)		                  —
Balance at December 31, 2019		$                          217.6       $         48.1       $     —     $    265.7       $             —
Amortization for the year			                              46.0		               11.5		           —		          57.5		                  —
Effect of movements in exchange rates		                   (1.0)		               1.3		           —		           0.3		                  —
Balance at December 31, 2020		$                         262.6        $         60.9       $     —     $    323.5       $             —
Carrying amounts						
At December 31, 2019			$ 461.9 $ 133.8                                                    $   433.0   $   1,028.7      $      1,794.4
At December 31, 2020			$ 447.5 $ 127.8                                                    $   432.3   $   1,007.6      $      1,918.5


1 3 . G O O DW I L L A N D I N D E F I N I T E - L I F E I N TA N G I B L E A S S E T S

Impairment testing for cash-generating units containing goodwill and indefinite-life intangible assets
For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill and indefinite-life intangible assets are allocated to the Company’s operating
segments, which represent the lowest level within the Company at which goodwill is monitored for internal management
purposes.
The aggregate carrying amounts of goodwill and indefinite-life intangible assets allocated to each unit are as follows:
										 December 31, 		 December 31,
										        2020		          2019
Goodwill		
 CCL								        $ 1,173.6 $ 1,111.4
 Avery										 188.1		 147.4
 Checkpoint										 212.5		 197.3
 Innovia									344.3		 338.3
									                                                                                             $   1,918.5      $      1,794.4
Indefinite-life intangible assets – brands		
  Avery									                             $ 191.3 $                                                                             192.3
  Checkpoint										 184.6		                                                                                                     185.0
  Innovia										 56.4		                                                                                                          55.7
         $
										 432.3                                                                                                       $           433.0



                                                                                                              2020 Annual Report     75
N O T E S T O T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 (In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)




Impairment testing for goodwill and indefinite-life intangible assets was done by a comparison of the asset’s carrying amount
to its estimated value in use, determined by discounting the CGU future cash flows. Key assumptions used in the determination
of the value in use include a long-term growth rate of 2% to 5% and a pre-tax discount rate of 7% to 9%. Discount rates reflect
current market assumptions and risks related to the CGUs and are based upon the weighted average cost of capital. The
Company’s historical growth rates are used as the basis in determining the growth rate applied for impairment testing.
The Company completed its impairment testing as at September 30, 2020.
The estimated values in use of CCL, Avery, Checkpoint and Innovia CGUs exceeded their carrying value. As a result, no
goodwill and indefinite-life intangible assets impairment was recorded during 2020.


1 4 . T R A D E A N D OT H E R PAYA B L E S
										 December 31, 		 December 31,
										        2020		          2019
Trade payables								 $ 633.2 $                                                                                            577.2
Other payables									502.5		                                                                                              458.4
Trade and other payables								                                                                         $   1,135.7   $   1,035.6


1 5. D E F E R R E D TA X

(a) Unrecognized deferred tax assets
Deferred tax assets have not been recognized in respect of the following items:
										 December 31, 		 December 31,
										        2020		          2019
Deductible temporary differences								$ 9.9 $                                                                              17.9
Tax losses										 58.0		                                                                                                  59.3
Income tax credits									 7.2		                                                                                             7.4
									                                                                                                $     75.1    $     84.6

The unrecognized deferred tax assets on tax losses of $11.7 million will expire between 2021 and 2030, $7.2 million will expire
beyond 2030, and $39.1 million may be carried forward indefinitely. The deductible temporary differences do not expire under
current tax legislation. Income tax credits of $7.2 million will expire between 2021 and 2027 and relate mainly to foreign tax
credits in the United States. Deferred tax assets have not been recognized in respect of these items because it is not probable
that future taxable income will be available against which the Company can utilize the benefits therefrom.




76    2020 Annual Report
(b) Recognized deferred tax assets and liabilities
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are attributable to the following:

				                                               Assets				 Liabilities			Net (Assets) Liabilities

			 December 31, 		 December 31,                             December 31, 		 December 31, 		December 31, 		December 31,
			        2020            2019                                     2020            2019		         2020           2019
Property, plant
  and equipment         $   1.8 $                    0.5 $ 123.5 $                 110.4 $ 121.7  $                       109.9
Intangible assets		          —		                      —		 267.6		                  263.6		 267.6		                        263.6
Derivatives		               0.4		                    1.6		   1.7		                   0.1		   1.3		                         (1.5)
Inventory reserves		       14.0		                   12.6		   0.4		                   0.3		 (13.6)		                       (12.3)
Employee benefit plans		   78.9		                   63.1		    —		                     —		 (78.9)		                        (63.1)
Share-based payments		      4.2		                    3.4		    —		                     —		   (4.2)		                        (3.4)
Capitalized research
  and development		         5.9		                    8.5		                 —		         —		          (5.9)                  (8.5)
Provisions and other items 63.7		                   68.6		               13.9		      10.0		        (49.8)		               (58.6)
Tax loss carry-forwards		  10.1		                   11.5		                 —		         —		         (10.1)		               (11.5)
Foreign tax credit		         —		                      —		                  —		         —		            —		                    —
Balance before offset		         179.0		            169.8		 407.1		                 384.4		 228.1		                        214.6
Offset of tax		                (136.3)		          (139.0)		 (136.3)		              (139.0)           —		                    —
Balance after offset    $        42.7      $        30.8     $       270.8     $   245.4     $    228.1       $           214.6

											Recognized 		
			         Balance at 		Recognized						 in Other                                    Balance at
			 December 31, 2019		   in Income 				            Translation Comprehensive December 31, 2020
			   Liability (Asset)		 Statement		 Acquisitions		and Others		Income/Equity   Liability (Asset)

Property, plant
  and equipment         $       109.9  $            10.6  $               4.1  $     (2.9) $          —   $ 121.7
Intangible assets		             263.6		              2.4		                5.4		      (3.8)		          —		 267.6
Derivatives		                    (1.5)		             5.4		                 —		        0.2		         (2.8)		   1.3
Inventory reserves		            (12.3)		            (1.6)		              (0.1)		      0.4		           —		 (13.6)
Employee benefit plans		        (63.1)		           (13.8)		              (0.1)		     (0.6)		        (1.3)		 (78.9)
Share-based payments		           (3.4)		            (1.0)		                —		         —		           0.2		   (4.2)
Capitalized research
  and development		              (8.5)		             2.6		                —		          —		           —		                   (5.9)
Provisions and other items      (58.6)		             8.6		               0.3		       (0.1)		         —		                  (49.8)
Tax loss carry-forwards		       (11.5)		             1.5		                —		        (0.1)		         —		                  (10.1)
Foreign tax credit		               —		                —		                 —		          —		           —		                     —
		                      $       214.6      $        14.7     $           9.6   $     (6.9)   $      (3.9)     $           228.1




                                                                                                     2020 Annual Report     77
N O T E S T O T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 (In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)




						                                		             		                                                                 Recognized
			         Balance at		  Recognized					                                                                                 in Other           Balance at
			 December 31, 2018		    in Income 				             Translation                                                    Comprehensive   December 31, 2019
			   Liability (Asset)		  Statement		 Acquisitions		 and Others                                                     Income/Equity     Liability (Asset)

Property, plant
  and equipment         $   62.0   $ 10.9  $  0.2   $  36.8   $   —   $ 109.9
Intangible assets		 269.4		          (2.0)		   —		     (3.8)		    —		 263.6
Derivatives		               (8.0)		  (1.4)		   —		       —		     7.9		   (1.5)
Inventory reserves		 (12.3)		        (0.5)		 (0.1)		    0.6		     —		 (12.3)
Employee benefit plans		 (57.7)		     2.8		  (0.1)		    2.4		 (10.5)		 (63.1)
Share-based payments		 (14.3)		 11.5		         —		      0.3		   (0.9)		  (3.4)
Capitalized research
  and development		 (12.6)		          3.6		    —		      0.5		     —		    (8.5)
Provisions and other items (24.6)		   6.8		  (0.3)		  (40.5)		    —		   (58.6)
Tax loss carry-forwards		 (17.8)		    5.6		    —		      0.7		     —		 (11.5)
Foreign tax credit		—		—		—		—		—		—
		                         $        184.1       $          37.3       $         (0.3)      $             (3.0)   $           (3.5)   $          214.6

The aggregate amount of temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries and joint ventures for which
deferred tax liabilities were not recognized as at December 31, 2020, is $2,214.7 million (2019 – $1,918.0 million).
The aggregate amount of temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries and joint ventures for which
deferred tax assets were not recognized as at December 31, 2020, is $20.6 million (2019 – $21.1 million).
Included within Translation and Others in 2019 is the amount for initial recognition of right-of-use assets and corresponding
lease liabilities following the adoption of IFRS 16 Leases. Both accounts are separate line items on the consolidated statement
of financial position.


1 6. S H A R E C A P I TA L
					                                                    Class A				                                Class B
Shares issued (in millions)				                           Shares		 Amount		                         Shares 		              Amount 		              Total

Balance, January 1, 2019				                               11.8 $                 4.5		             165.9 $                 331.8 $             336.3
Stock options exercised				                                  —		                   —		                0.8		                  26.1		              26.1
Director share units exercised			                            —		                   —		                0.1		                   3.1		               3.1
Balance, December 31, 2019			                              11.8 $                 4.5		             166.8 $                 361.0 $             365.5
Stock options exercised				                                  —		                   —		                0.6		                  31.3		              31.3
Balance, December 31, 2020			                              11.8       $          4.5		 167.4                     $         392.3     $          396.8

At December 31, 2020, the authorized share capital comprised an unlimited number of Class A voting shares and an unlimited
number of Class B non-voting shares. The Class A and Class B shares have no par value. All issued shares are fully paid. Both
Class A and Class B shares are classified as equity.

(a) Class A
The holders of Class A shares receive dividends set at $0.01 per share per annum less than Class B shares; they are entitled
to one vote per share at meetings of the Company, and their shares are convertible at any time into Class B shares.

(b) Class B
Class B shares rank equally in all material respects with Class A shares, except as follows:
(i)		 Holders of Class B shares are entitled to receive material and attend, but not to vote at, regular shareholder meetings.
(ii)	Holders of Class B shares are entitled to voting privileges when consideration for the Class A shares, under a takeover bid
      when voting control has been acquired, exceeds 115% of the market price of the Class B shares.
(iii)	Holders of Class B shares are entitled to receive, or have set aside for payment, dividends declared by the Board of
      Directors from time to time, set at $0.01 per share per annum greater than Class A shares.




78    2020 Annual Report
Dividends
The annual dividends per share were as follows:
											                                                                                              2020		                 2019
                      $
Class A share 									 0.71                                                                                        $            0.67
Class B share									$ 0.72                                                                                        $            0.68

Shares held in trust
During 2016, the Company granted awards totalling 622,500 Class B shares of the Company. Shares to be used to satisfy
this obligation were purchased in the open market and were restricted in nature. These share awards were dependent
on the Company’s performance and continuing employment. The grant-date fair value of these stock awards was being
amortized over the vesting period and recognized as compensation expense. The awards vested in 2019 and were distributed
to employees. As of December 31, 2020, there are no shares held in trust.


1 7. E A R N I N G S P E R S H A R E

Basic earnings per share
The calculation of basic earnings per share for the year ended December 31, 2020, was based on profit attributable to
Class A shares of $35.0 million (2019 – $31.6 million) and Class B shares of $494.7 million (2019 – $445.5 million) and a
weighted average number of Class A shares outstanding of 11.8 million (2019 – 11.8 million) and Class B shares outstanding
of 166.9 million (2019 – 166.2 million).

Weighted average number of shares (in millions)
									                                                                              2020				                                 2019
  						                                                            Class A 		        Class B 		 Class A 		 Class B
							                                                              Shares		         Shares		Shares 		Shares

Issued and outstanding shares at January 1				                       11.8		 166.8		                       11.8		                165.3
Effect of stock options exercised					                                 —		    0.1		                         —		                   0.4
Effect of reciprocal shares vested				                                 —		—		                               —		                   0.5
Weighted average number of shares at December 31			                  11.8		 166.9		                       11.8		                166.2

Diluted earnings per share
The calculation of diluted earnings per share for the year ended December 31, 2020, was based on profit attributable to
Class A shares of $34.8 million (2019 – $31.4 million) and Class B shares of $494.9 million (2019 – $445.7 million) and a diluted
weighted average number of Class A shares outstanding of 11.8 million (2019 – 11.8 million) and Class B shares outstanding
of 168.0 million (2019 – 167.3 million).

Weighted average number of shares – diluted (in millions)
										 December 31, 		 December 31,
										        2020		          2019
Weighted average number of shares (basic) 							 178.7		                                                                       178.0
Effect of deferred share units on issue									    0.2		                                                                         0.3
Effect of reciprocal shareholdings									          —		                                                                          0.1
Effect of share-based compensation									         0.9		                                                                         0.7
Weighted average number of shares (diluted) 							                                                      179.8		                179.1

The average market value of the Company’s shares for purposes of calculating the dilutive effect of share options was based
on quoted market prices for the year that the options were outstanding.




                                                                                                           2020 Annual Report     79
N O T E S T O T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 (In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)




1 8 . LOA N S A N D B O R R OW I N G S
										 December 31, 		 December 31,
										        2020		          2019
Current liabilities		
Current portion of unsecured syndicated bank credit facilities (i)				 $                                       —  $          —
Current portion of unsecured bank credit facilities (ii)							                                              50.2		        37.6
Current portion of other loans (iv)								                                                                   1.6		         1.2
         $
										 51.8                                                                                                     $      38.8
Short-term operating credit lines available (v)						                                                    $   42.8   $      32.0
Short-term operating credit lines used							                                                            $   14.4   $       8.2
Non-current liabilities			
Unsecured syndicated bank credit facilities (i)						 $   202.9 $ 1,255.6
Unsecured bank credit facilities (ii)									               —		 33.4
Unsecured notes (iii)									                          1,684.2		 941.5
Other loans (iv)									 2.3		                                       4.3
         $
										 1,889.4                                                                                                  $   2,234.8

(i)   Unsecured syndicated bank credit facilities
As at December 31, 2020, the Company had an unsecured US$1.2 billion revolving credit facility with a syndicate of banks.
The facility bears interest at the applicable benchmark interest rate, plus an interest rate margin linked to the Company’s net
debt to EBITDA. In February 2020, this facility was amended, extending the maturity from March 29, 2023, to February 28,
2025. As at December 31, 2020, $4.1 million of contingent letters of credit were drawn on this syndicated bank credit facility.
As at December 31, 2019, borrowings under the facility were US$521.5 million ($677.4 million; LIBOR plus 1.125%), £60.3 million
($103.9 million; GBP LIBOR plus 1.125%) and $3.6 million of contingent letters of credit were drawn on this syndicated bank
credit facility with the facility maturing March 29, 2023.
As at December 31, 2020, the Company had an unsecured US$161.0 million ($204.9 million; LIBOR plus 0.75%) non-revolving
term loan facility with a syndicate of banks that bears interest at the applicable domestic rate, plus an interest rate margin
linked to the Company’s net debt to EBITDA. In February 2020, this facility was amended, extending the maturity from
February 26, 2021, to February 28, 2022. As at December 31, 2019, borrowings under the facility were US$366.0 million
($475.4 million; LIBOR plus 0.75%). In February 2019, this facility was amended, removing the required quarterly principal
repayments, reducing the interest rate margins and extending the maturity from February 28, 2020, to February 26, 2021.
Previous to the amendment, quarterly principal repayments of US$12.0 million were required.
The unused portion of the revolving syndicated bank credit facility was US$1,196.8 million at December 31, 2020 (December 31,
2019 – US$595.7 million).
As at December 31, 2020, transaction costs related to the unsecured syndicated bank credit facilities were $2.0 million
(December 31, 2019 - $1.1 million).
As at December 31, 2019, the Company utilized cross-currency interest rate swap agreements (“CCIRSAs”) to effectively
convert notional US$228.4 million LIBOR-based debt into €200.0 million negative 0.28% fixed rate debt in order to hedge its
euro-based assets and cash flows (note 24(a)). These swaps were unwound in June 2020.

(ii) Unsecured bank credit facilities
In January 2019, the Company signed a two-year unsecured bilateral credit facility for US$35.0 million with a maturity date of
January 22, 2021, which was extended to January 22, 2022, early in 2020. This bilateral loan incurs interest at the applicable
domestic rate, plus an interest rate margin and, annually, automatically extends out an additional year until January 22, 2024.
As of December 31, 2020, the facility was undrawn. As of December 31, 2019, US$25.7 million ($33.4 million) was drawn.
In December 2019, the Company signed an uncommitted unsecured bilateral credit facility for A$65.0 million. This bilateral
loan incurs interest at the applicable domestic rate plus an interest rate margin. As of December 31, 2020, A$51.2 million
($50.2 million) was drawn. As of December 31, 2019, A$41.2 million ($37.6 million) was drawn.




80    2020 Annual Report
(iii) Unsecured notes
Unsecured notes as at December 31, 2020, consisted of US$600.0 million ($754.8 million; 2019 – nil) principal amount
of 144A 3.05% private notes, offered in a private placement in the United States in May 2020, maturing June 1, 2030;
$298.6 million (2019 - $298.4 million) principal amount of 3.864% Series 1 Notes, maturing April 13, 2028; and US$500.0 million
($630.8 million; 2019 - $643.1 million) principal amount of 144A 3.25% private notes, maturing on October 1, 2026. These
notes bear interest payable semi-annually. The net proceeds of all three notes were used to partially repay amounts borrowed
under the unsecured syndicated bank credit facility.
As at December 31, 2020, the Company utilized CCIRSAs to effectively convert notional US$408.5 million (2019 – nil) of the
144A 3.05% private notes into €360.0 million (2019 – nil) 2.06% and 2.00% fixed rate debt and convert notional US$376.2 million
(2019 – US$376.2 million) of the 144A 3.25% private notes into €340.0 million (2019 - €340.0 million) 1.16% and 1.23% fixed
rate debt in order to hedge its euro-based assets and cash flows (note 24(a)).

(iv) Other loans
Other loans include term bank loans at various rates and repayment terms.

(v) Operating credit lines
Interest rates charged on the credit lines are based on rates varying with LIBOR, the prime rate and similar market rates for
other currencies.

(vi) Reconciliation of changes in liabilities arising from financing activities
Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flows were, or future cash flows will be, classified in the
consolidated statement of cash flows as financing activities. Changes in the Company's liabilities arising from financing
activities are as follows:
											                                                                                               2020                   2019
Balance at January 1									$ 2,273.6 $ 2,491.6
Financing cash flows										 (314.2)		 (119.8)
Foreign exchange									 (41.1)		 (98.1)
Other 									 22.9		                      (0.1)
Balance at December 31								                                                                    $     1,941.2      $      2,273.6

As at December 31, 2020, the carrying amount of financial and non-financial assets pledged as collateral against $1.0 million
(2019 – $0.7 million) of long-term debt amounted to $11.5 million (2019 – $7.2 million).


1 9. F I N A N C E I N C O M E A N D C O S T

Recognized in consolidated income statement
											                                                                                               2020		                 2019
Interest expense on financial liabilities measured at amortized cost				 $                                 65.5  $                83.9
Fees and interest recognized on other financial instruments					                                          (11.2)		               (14.3)
Interest expense on post-employment defined benefit plans						                                            13.6		                 17.1
Finance cost									 67.9		                                                                                                     86.7
Interest income on cash and cash equivalents							                                                         1.8		                  3.3
Interest income (expense) on other assets								                                                           0.4		                  0.3
Interest income on post-employment defined benefit plans						                                              6.9		                  8.4
Finance income										                                                                                    9.1		                12.0
Interest expense on lease liabilities									                                                              6.4		                  6.3
Net finance cost recognized in consolidated income statement					                                 $        65.2      $           81.0

The above finance income and cost are with respect to assets (liabilities), not at FVTPL.




                                                                                                            2020 Annual Report     81
N O T E S T O T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 (In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)




2 0. E M P LOY E E B E N E F I T S
										 December 31, 		 December 31,
										        2020		          2019
Present value of wholly unfunded defined benefit obligations					  $                                         301.2 $         285.5
Present value of partially funded defined benefit obligations						                                          535.3		         482.5
Total present value of obligations									                                                                   836.5		 768.0
Fair value of plan assets										                                                                          (454.8)		 (402.8)
Recognized liability for defined benefit obligations							                                                  381.7		         365.2
Liability for long-service leave and jubilee plans							                                                     15.8		          12.1
Total employee benefits										 397.5		                                                                                    377.3
Total employee benefits reported in trade and other payables						 12.4		                                                     12.4
Total employee benefits reported in non-current liabilities					                                         $   385.1   $       364.9

(a) Defined contribution post-employment plans
The Company sponsors defined contribution post-employment plans in Canada, the U.S., Thailand, the Netherlands and the
U.K. A post-employment plan is classified as a defined contribution plan if the Company pays fixed contributions into a fund
at a separate entity and the Company has no further obligation to pay any further contributions if the fund does not hold
sufficient assets to pay all employee benefits relating to employee service in the current and prior periods. The expense for
Company-sponsored defined contribution post-employment plans was $31.5 million in 2020 (2019 – $30.7 million), of which
$0.1 million (2019 – $0.1 million) was for key management personnel. Company contributions into defined contribution state
plans are included in the line item Compulsory social security contributions in the table in note 21.

(b) Defined benefit post-employment plans
The Company also has defined benefit post-employment plans in various countries of the world. Although some of these
plans have elements common to defined contribution plans, the Company has accounted for these as defined benefit plans
as they are not fully funded at a separate entity.

Partially funded defined benefit obligations
The Company's defined benefit post-employment plans are not fully funded. The obligation of these plans, net of any assets,
is recorded in non-current liabilities on the consolidated statement of financial position in employee benefits or, for payments
expected to be made within the next twelve months, in trade and other payables in current liabilities. Fluctuations in the
pension liabilities resulting from actuarial gains or losses due to changes in risk factors are recorded in other comprehensive
income. The primary partially funded plans are in Canada, the U.K., Switzerland and the Netherlands. Details of these plans
are as follows:
(i)		In Canada, the Company has a registered partially funded defined benefit pension plan for seven retired executives and one
      active employee. The Company makes all required contributions to the plans. Benefits are based on employee earnings.
      An actuary is involved in measuring the obligation of the plan and in calculating the expense and any contributions
      required. The plan is closed to new members. The primary risk factors for this plan are longevity of plan beneficiaries,
      discount rate volatility for the value of the obligation and market risk on the assets. The Company has determined that
      any surplus in the plan after all obligations have been covered is fully available to the Company.
(ii)		In the U.K., the Company has two registered partially funded defined benefit pension plans. The Company’s plan has no
       active members and is closed to new members. Benefits are based on final salary. All members of the plan are either
       deferred or retired and benefits are provided to spouses or dependents in the event of a member's death before or after
       retirement. The Company is required to make payments of £0.8 million in deficit funding contributions annually. An
       actuary is involved in measuring the obligation of the plan and in calculating the expense and any contributions required.
       The primary risk factors for this plan are longevity of plan beneficiaries and discount rate volatility for the value of the
       obligation and market risk on the assets. The Company has determined that any surplus in the plan after all obligations
       have been covered is fully available to the Company.




82    2020 Annual Report
On April 6, 2019, the Innovia plan was frozen. No further benefits will be earned by members in the plan and no contributions
will be paid into the plan other than deficit funding contributions. It is closed to new members. Benefits are based on a
member’s final pensionable salaries and length of service at retirement. Benefits are provided to spouses in the event of
a member’s death before or after retirement. The Company is required to make payments of £1.2 million in deficit funding
contributions annually. An actuary is involved in measuring the obligation of the plan and in calculating the expense and any
contributions required. The primary risk factors for this plan are longevity of plan beneficiaries and discount rate volatility
for the value of the obligation and market risk on the assets. The Company has determined that any surplus in the plan after
all obligations have been covered is available to the Company if the plan is wound up. However, any surplus while the plan is
ongoing is under the authority of the trustees. Active members have been moved to a defined contribution plan.
(iii)	In Switzerland, the Company provides a mandatory, legislated contribution-based cash balance plan for employees that
       is accounted for as a post-employment defined benefit plan. Benefits from the plan are paid out at retirement, disability
       or death. If an employee terminates from the Company prior to retirement, the vested benefit equal to the accumulated
       savings account balance is transferred to the pension plan of the new employer. The plan is governed by a foundation
       board that is legally responsible for the operation of the plan and includes employer and employee representation, in
       equal numbers. A legally required minimum level of retirement benefit is based on age-related savings contributions, an
       insured salary defined by law and a required rate of return set annually by the Swiss government. Contributions from both
       employers and employees are compulsory and vary according to age and salary. The primary risk factors for this plan are
       longevity of plan beneficiaries, discount rate volatility for the value of the obligation and market risk on the assets. Under
       Swiss pension law, any surplus assets technically belong to the pension plan and any reduction in contributions is at the
       discretion of the Board.
(iv)	In the Netherlands, the Company provides a defined-benefit career average pay plan for a small number of employees.
     An actuary is involved in measuring the obligation of the plan. Benefits from the plan are paid through retirement and at
     death, before or during retirement, to the spouse or dependents. If a member of the plan leaves the Company, the member
     may choose to have the benefits of the plan transferred into the plan of the new employer. The benefit formula is based
     on a percentage of each year's pensionable salary up to a set maximum salary, less a social security offset. Benefits are
     guaranteed by an insurance company and the Company is required to pay annual premiums on the insurance contract
     based on a contract interest rate. There are no employee contributions to the plan. The primary risk factors for this plan are
     longevity of plan beneficiaries and discount rate volatility. This plan was frozen as of December 31, 2018, and all members
     were moved to a defined contribution plan.
The most recent actuarial valuation for funding purposes for the executive defined pension plan in Canada was as of
January 1, 2018. The next required actuarial valuation will be as of January 1, 2021. The most recent actuarial valuation of the
two U.K. defined benefit pension plans for funding purposes were as of January 1, 2020. The next required valuation is as of
January 1, 2023.

Wholly unfunded defined benefit obligations
For defined benefit post-employment plans that have no assets, the Company simply funds the plans as benefits are paid.
The primary wholly unfunded plans are in Canada, the U.S. and Germany. Details of these plans are as follows:
(i)		In Canada, the Company maintains non-registered, wholly unfunded supplemental retirement arrangements for one active
      Canadian executive, eight retired Canadian executives and two retired U.S. executives or their widows. The Company
      makes all required contributions to the plans. Benefits are based on employee earnings. An actuary is involved in measuring
      the obligation of the plans and in calculating the expense and any contributions required. The plans are closed to new
      members. The primary risk factors for these plans are longevity of plan beneficiaries and discount rate volatility.
(ii)	In the U.S., the Company has a post-employment, wholly unfunded deferred compensation plan for designated executives
      (“NQP”). Liabilities are based strictly on the contributions made to the plan and an established rate of return and are not
      subject to actuarial adjustments. It allows executives to elect to defer specified portions of salary, cash bonuses and long-
      term incentive plan payments. The Company contributes a matching portion of the executive’s NQP deferred amount
      to a maximum of 8% of the executive’s base salary plus bonus. The Company may also contribute a discretionary annual
      Company contribution based on a percentage of base salary and annual bonus. Contributions to the NQP for one of the
      executives vest immediately. For the other executives, immediate vesting of discretionary Company contributions and
      interest occurs on death, disability or change of control, with normal vesting occurring at age 60 with 10 years' service.
      The Company’s match portion and interest vest in the same manner as Company contributions in the 401k plan. Elective
      deferrals by the executive vest immediately.




                                                                                                               2020 Annual Report   83
N O T E S T O T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 (In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)




(iii)	In Germany, the Company has several wholly unfunded defined benefit plans. There are four salary-based annuity plans
       that are closed to new members, but currently have approximately 90 active members. All contributions and benefits
       are funded by the Company. The primary risk factors for these plans are longevity of plan beneficiaries and discount rate
       volatility. There are also three cash balance plans for current employees. Two of those plans require the Company to match
       a specific portion of employee contributions. Upon retirement, lump sum payments are made unless an employee requests
       an annuity. The third cash balance plan has employer and employee contributions and pays out in three instalments upon
       retirement. The primary risk factor for these three plans is discount rate volatility.
(iv)	The Company has wholly unfunded post-employment defined benefit plans in Austria, France, Italy, Mexico and Thailand.
      Benefits are paid out in a lump sum upon retirement, disability or death. There are no employee contributions in these
      plans. Benefits are based on salary and length of service with the Company.
The following table shows the reconciliation from the opening balances to the closing balances for the defined benefit post-
employment plans, including the defined benefit pension plans, supplemental retirement plans and other post-employment
defined benefit plans.
2020				                                                        				 Partially Funded		Wholly Unfunded                            Total

Accrued benefit obligation:
 Balance, beginning of year						$                                                                  482.5   $     285.5   $ 768.0
 Current service cost								                                                                         2.9		         5.2		     8.1
 Interest cost								                                                                                9.4		         5.3		 14.7
 Employee contributions							                                                                        1.1		         1.2		     2.3
 Benefits paid								                                                                              (12.1)		      (10.4)		 (22.5)
 Actuarial gains – experience							                                                                 (2.5)		       (1.9)		   (4.4)
 Actuarial gains – demographic assumptions					                                                      (1.7)		       (0.4)		   (2.1)
 Actuarial losses – financial assumptions						                                                      47.2		         6.6		    53.8
 Reinstatements and transfers							                                                                   —		         (0.2)		   (0.2)
 Effect of curtailment								                                                                       (0.3)		         —		     (0.3)
 Settlement gain (loss)								                                                                      (0.2)		        0.2		      —
 Effect of movements in exchange rates						                                                          9.0		        10.1		    19.1
Balance, end of year							$                                                                        535.3     $   301.2     $   836.5
Plan assets:						
  Fair value, beginning of year						        $                                                      402.8  $          —   $ 402.8
  Expected return on plan assets							                                                               7.7		           —		     7.7
  Actuarial gains								                                                                            42.6		           —		 42.6
  Employee contributions							                                                                       1.1		           —		     1.1
  Employer contributions							                                                                       5.8		         10.4		 16.2
  Benefits paid								                                                                             (12.1)		       (10.4)		 (22.5)
  Administrative expenses 							                                                                    (0.8)		          —		    (0.8)
  Settlements								                                                                                (0.3)		          —		    (0.3)
  Effect of movements in exchange rates						                                                         8.0		           —		     8.0
Fair value, end of year							                                                             $        454.8     $      —      $   454.8
Funded status, net deficit of plans						                                                  $         (80.5)   $   (301.2)   $   (381.7)
Accrued benefit liability						                                                            $         (80.5)   $   (301.2)   $   (381.7)




84    2020 Annual Report
2019				                                           				 Partially Funded		Wholly Unfunded                     Total

Accrued benefit obligation:
 Balance, beginning of year						$                                      432.3   $    274.9   $               707.2
 Current service cost								                                             2.9		        4.4		                   7.3
 Past service cost								                                                 —		         0.2		                   0.2
 Interest cost								                                                   11.7		        7.2		                  18.9
 Employee contributions							                                            1.4		        5.2		                   6.6
 Benefits paid								                                                  (14.5)		     (19.9)		                (34.4)
 Actuarial losses – experience							                                     8.6		        3.0		                  11.6
 Actuarial gains – demographic assumptions					                         (11.9)		      (0.3)		                (12.2)
 Actuarial losses – financial assumptions						                          69.5		       26.6		                  96.1
 Reinstatements and transfers							                                      0.1		       (0.2)		                 (0.1)
 Effect of curtailment								                                           (9.6)		        —		                   (9.6)
 Settlement gain (loss)								                                          (2.6)		       0.5		                  (2.1)
 Effect of movements in exchange rates						                             (5.4)		     (16.1)		                (21.5)
Balance, end of year							$                                            482.5    $   285.5       $           768.0
Plan assets:						
  Fair value, beginning of year						$                                  378.7   $        —   $               378.7
  Expected return on plan assets							                                  10.1		          —		                  10.1
  Actuarial gains								                                                30.1		          —		                  30.1
  Employee contributions							                                           1.4		          —		                   1.4
  Employer contributions							                                           5.4		        19.9		                 25.3
  Benefits paid								                                                 (14.5)		      (19.9)		               (34.4)
  Administrative expenses 							                                        (0.9)		         —		                  (0.9)
  Settlements								                                                    (2.6)		         —		                  (2.6)
  Effect of movements in exchange rates						                            (4.9)		         —		                  (4.9)
Fair value, end of year							$                                         402.8    $      —        $           402.8
Funded status, net deficit of plans						                          $    (79.7)   $   (285.5)     $       (365.2)
Accrued benefit liability						                                    $    (79.7)   $   (285.5)     $       (365.2)

The Company’s net defined benefit plan expense is as follows:

2020				                                           				 Partially Funded		Wholly Unfunded                     Total

Current service cost							$                                              2.9  $        5.2 $                  8.1
Net interest cost on accrued benefit liability					                       1.7		         5.3                    7.0
Curtailment gain								                                                 (0.3)		         —		                  (0.3)
Settlement loss								                                                   0.1		         0.2		                  0.3
Administration costs								                                              0.8		          —		                   0.8
Net defined benefit plan expense						                             $      5.2    $     10.7      $            15.9
Net defined benefit plan expense is recorded in:									
Cost of sales							$                                 2.3  $ 2.1  $                                            4.4
Selling, general and administrative expenses					     1.1		  3.7		                                             4.8
Finance cost								                                  1.8		  4.9		                                             6.7
Net defined benefit plan expense						                             $      5.2    $     10.7      $            15.9




                                                                                        2020 Annual Report     85
N O T E S T O T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 (In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)




2019				                                                        				 Partially Funded		Wholly Unfunded                            Total

Current service cost							$                                                                              2.9  $      4.4  $       7.3
Past service cost								                                                                                  —		        0.2		        0.2
Net interest cost on accrued benefit liability					                                                       1.6		       7.2		        8.8
Curtailment gain								                                                                                 (9.6)		       —		        (9.6)
Net defined benefit plan expense						                                                     $             (5.1)   $   11.8    $     6.7
Net defined benefit plan expense is recorded in:									
Cost of sales							$                                 2.1   $ 1.2  $                                                               3.3
Selling, general and administrative expenses					    (8.8)		  3.5		                                                               (5.3)
Finance cost								                                  1.6		   7.1		                                                                8.7
Net defined benefit plan expense						                                                     $             (5.1)   $   11.8    $     6.7

Actuarial gains (losses) recognized directly in equity are as follows:
											                                                                                                          2020		      2019
Actuarial gains (losses) – experience								   $                                                                      4.4  $    (11.6)
Actuarial gains – demographic assumptions						                                                                        2.1		      12.2
Actuarial losses – financial assumptions							                                                                      (53.8)		    (96.1)
Experience gains on plan assets		        					 		                                                                     42.6		      30.1
Recognized during the year in other comprehensive loss					                                                      $   (4.7)   $   (65.4)

Plan assets consist of the following:
2020				                                                        				 Partially Funded		Wholly Unfunded                           Total

Equity securities								                                                                                 58%		       —		          58%
Debt securities								                                                                                   34%		       —		          34%
Real estate								                                                                                        2%		       —             2%
Other								                                                                                              6%		       —		           6%
Total								                                                                                            100%		       —		         100%

2019				                                                        				 Partially Funded		Wholly Unfunded                            Total

Equity securities								                                                                                 51%		       —		          51%
Debt securities								                                                                                   42%		       —		          42%
Real estate								                                                                                        2%		       —		           2%
Other								                                                                                              5%		       —		           5%
Total								                                                                                            100%		       —		         100%

No plan assets are directly invested in the Company's own shares or directly in any property occupied by, or other assets
used by, the Company.
The actual returns on plan assets are as follows:
					                                                           				 Partially Funded		Wholly Unfunded                            Total

2020							$                                                                                         50.3		           —      $   50.3
2019							$                                                                                         40.2		           —      $   40.2




86    2020 Annual Report
The weighted average economic assumptions used to determine post-employment benefit obligations are as follows:
					                                                  				 Partially Funded		Wholly Unfunded                                    Total

December 31, 2020						
Discount rate								                                                                  1.30%		            1.34%		               1.32%
Expected rate of compensation increase						                                           1.37%		            2.34%		               2.11%
December 31, 2019						
Discount rate								                                                                   1.97%		           1.48%		               1.79%
Expected rate of compensation increase						                                            1.39%		           2.33%		               2.11%

The weighted average economic assumptions used to determine post-employment plan expenses are as follows:
					                                                  				 Partially Funded		Wholly Unfunded                                    Total

December 31, 2020						
Discount rate								                                                                  1.97%		            1.48%		               1.79%
Expected rate of compensation increase						                                           1.39%		            2.33%		               2.11%
December 31, 2019						
Discount rate								                                                                   2.80%		           2.36%		               2.63%
Expected rate of compensation increase						                                            1.44%		           1.83%		               1.59%

The sensitivity analysis on the defined benefit obligation is as follows, and it is prepared by altering one assumption at a time
and keeping the other assumptions unchanged. The resulting defined benefit obligation is then compared to the defined
benefit obligation in the disclosures:
					                                                  						
                                                            Partially Funded		
                                                                             Wholly Unfunded

Discount rate (increase 1%)								$ (107.0) $                                                                                  (30.2)
Discount rate (decrease 1%)								$  106.4  $                                                                                   33.7
Longevity (+1 year)									$          15.8  $                                                                                   12.2
Inflation (+0.25%)									$           12.4  $                                                                                     —
Inflation (-0.25%)									$          (12.5) $                                                                                     —
Salary (increase 1%)									$          4.6  $                                                                                    3.1
Salary (decrease 1%)									$         (3.7) $                                                                                   (2.9)
Duration (years)										              20		                                                                                      12

The Company expects to contribute $4.8 million to the partially funded defined benefit plans and pay $11.6 million in benefits
for the wholly unfunded plans in 2021.

(c) Long-term incentive, long-service leave, jubilee and other plans
The Company has long-term incentive plans with cash and share-based payments, long-service leave plans and jubilee plans
in various countries around the world. As at December 31, 2020, $0.8 million (2019 – $1.0 million) of the total obligation of
$15.8 million (2019 – $12.1 million) was classified as current and reported in trade and other payables. The expense for these
plans was $4.3 million in 2020 (2019 – $15.8 million).




                                                                                                           2020 Annual Report     87
N O T E S T O T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 (In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)




21. PERSONNEL EXPENSES
											                                                                                                    2020		         2019
Wages and salaries									                                       $ 961.6 $                                                  957.7
Compulsory social security contributions						                   		 113.5		                                                  117.0
Contributions to Company-sponsored defined contribution plans					   31.5		                                                   30.7
Expenses related to defined benefit plans							                     15.9		                                                   16.3
Equity-settled share-based payment transactions						                14.1		                                                   25.4
									                                                                                                $   1,136.6    $   1,147.1


2 2 . I N C O M E TA X E X P E N S E
											                                                                                                    2020		         2019
Current tax expense
Current tax on earnings before earnings in equity-accounted investments for the year		                   $    149.1     $    122.6
Deferred tax expense (benefit) (note 15)				
Origination and reversal of temporary differences					                                   $                      26.1  $       39.8
Impact of tax rate changes								                                                                               3.7		          —
Recognition of previously unrecognized tax losses and deductible temporary differences			                      (15.1)		       (2.5)
										 14.7		                                                                                                             37.3
Total income tax expense 								                                                                        $    163.8     $    159.9

Reconciliation of effective tax rate
											                                                                                                    2020		         2019
Combined Canadian federal and provincial income tax rates						             25.8%		                                           25.8%
The income tax expense on the Company’s earnings differs from the amount
 determined by the Company’s statutory rates as follows:		
Net earnings for the year								                                        $ 529.7  $                                          477.1
Add: income tax expense									 163.8		                                                                                     159.9
Deduct: earnings in equity-accounted investments							                      9.5		                                             5.4
Earnings before income tax and equity-accounted investments					                                              684.0		        631.6
Income tax using the Company’s domestic combined Canadian federal and provincial income tax rates             176.5		        162.9
Effect of tax rates in foreign jurisdictions								                                                           (6.0)		        (8.5)
Impact of tax rate changes									                                                                             3.7		           —
Recognition of previously unrecognized tax losses and deductible temporary differences			                     (15.1)          (2.5)
Losses and deductible temporary differences for which no deferred tax asset was recognized			                   4.6		          3.3
Non-deductible expenses and other items								                                                                 0.1		          4.7
									                                                                                                $    163.8     $    159.9

Income tax recovery recognized directly in other comprehensive loss		
Derivatives and foreign currency translation adjustments					 $ (2.8) $                                                         7.9
Actuarial losses									 (1.3)		                                                                                             (10.5)
Total income tax recovery recognized directly in other comprehensive loss				                            $      (4.1)   $      (2.6)

The Company is subject to income taxes in numerous jurisdictions. Significant judgement is required in determining the
worldwide provision for income taxes. There are many transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax determination
is uncertain. The Company recognizes liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues based on estimates of whether additional taxes
will be due. If the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts that were initially recorded, such differences
will impact the current and deferred income tax assets and liabilities in the period in which such determination is made.




88    2020 Annual Report
2 3 . S H A R E - B A S E D PAY M E N T S
At December 31, 2020, the Company had five share-based compensation plans, which are described below:

(a) Employee stock option plan
Under the employee stock option plan, the Company may grant options to employees, officers and directors of the Company.
The Company does not grant options to independent directors. The exercise price of each option equals the closing market
price of the Class B non-voting shares on the last trading day prior to the grant date of the option, and an option's maximum
term is 10 years. Current options vest 25% one year from the grant date and 25% each subsequent year. The term of these
options is five years from the grant date. In general, the grants are conditional upon continued employment. No market
conditions affect vesting. Granted options are not entitled to dividends and may not be transferred or assigned by the option
holder. In 2020, stock option grants were not awarded.
For options and share awards granted for stock-based compensation, $14.4 million (2019 – $25.4 million) was recognized in
the consolidated financial statements as an expense, with a corresponding offset to contributed surplus. The fair value of
options granted was estimated using the Black-Scholes model and the following assumptions:
											                                                                                             2020		                2019
Risk-free interest rate										                                                                         —		 1.79%
Expected life										                                                                                   —		  3.5 years
Expected volatility										                                                                             —		         28%
Expected dividends									     $                                                                         —  $      0.68

A summary of the status of the Company's employee stock option plan as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, and changes
during the years ended on those dates, is presented below:
									                                                                             2020				                                2019
						              		 Weighted 				 Weighted
						       Shares		 Average 		               Shares		 Average
						 (in millions)		 Exercise Price 		 (in millions)		 Exercise Price

Outstanding at beginning of year					                                3.0  $ 56.57		                       3.1  $              48.94
Granted						                                                         —		      —		                        0.7		               55.73
Exercised						                                                     (0.6)		 43.73		                      (0.8)		              27.17
Outstanding at end of year					                                      2.4      $       59.68		            3.0      $           56.57
Options exercisable at end of year				                               1.2      $       59.67		            1.0      $           53.30

The weighted average share price at the date of exercise in 2020 was $57.31 (2019 – $57.65).
The following table summarizes information about the employee stock options outstanding at December 31, 2020.

						                                                                      Options Outstanding		               Options Exercisable
						                                                           Weighted
				                                            Options		          Average 		         Weighted 		      Options		          Weighted
Range of		                                  Outstanding		       Remaining 		           Average 		 Exercisable		            Average
Exercisable Prices		                        (in millions)		 Contractual Life 		   Exercise Price 		(in millions)		    Exercise Price

$43.90 - $56.00				                               0.9		2.9 years              $       54.85		            0.3      $           52.84
$56.01 - $60.00				                               0.7		1.2 years              $       58.03		            0.5      $           58.03
$60.01 - $66.87				                               0.8		2.2 years              $       66.87		            0.4      $           66.87
$43.90 - $66.87				                               2.4		2.1 years              $       59.68		            1.2      $           59.67




                                                                                                         2020 Annual Report     89
N O T E S T O T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 (In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)




(b) Deferred share units (“DSU”)
The Company maintains a deferred share unit plan. Under this plan, non-employee members of the Company's Board of
Directors may elect to receive DSUs, in lieu of cash remuneration, for director fees that would otherwise be payable to such
directors, or any portion thereof, until DSU holdings of three times the base retainer have been achieved. The number of units
received is equivalent to the fees earned and is based on the fair market value of a Class B non-voting share of the Company's
capital stock on the date of issue of the DSU. When dividends are paid on Class B non-voting shares of the Company, the
equivalent value per DSU is calculated and the holder receives additional DSUs in lieu of actual cash dividends based on the
fair market value of a Class B non-voting shares of the Company. DSUs cannot be redeemed or paid out until such time as
the director ceases to be a director. A DSU entitles the holder to receive, on a deferred payment basis, the number of Class
B non-voting shares of the Company equating to the number of the holder’s DSUs on the redemption date. The Company
accounts for the DSU plan as an equity-settled share-based payment transaction.
The Company had 0.2 million DSUs outstanding as at December 31, 2020. The amount recognized as an expense in 2020
totaled $0.5 million (2019 – $0.6 million).

(c) Performance stock units (“PSU”)
In 2019, the Company introduced a performance stock unit plan. Under the plan, participants may be eligible to receive a
maximum of approximately 1.5 million Class B shares of the Company to be issued from treasury. The vesting of these shares
is dependent on the Company’s performance and continuing employment. The grant-date fair value of these shares is being
amortized over the vesting period and recognized as compensation expense.

(d) Long-term retention plan (“LTRP”)
In 2017, the Company instituted a long-term retention plan. Under the plan, the Company provided a one-time retention
incentive to executives totaling 0.3 million Class B shares of the Company, to be issued from treasury. The incentive vests
25% in each year beginning in 2022 and ending in 2025, inclusive.
In 2019, under the aforementioned long-term retention plan, the Company provided a one-time retention incentive to
additional executives totaling 0.1 million Class B shares of the Company, to be issued from treasury. The incentive vests 25%
in each year beginning 2024 and ending 2027, inclusive.
The amount recognized as an expense in 2020 totaled $3.5 million (2019 – $2.9 million), with a corresponding offset to
contributed surplus.

(e) Restricted share units (“RSU”)
In 2020, the Company established the restricted share unit plan. Each unit is equivalent to one Class B non-voting share of the
Company. Current options vest 25% one year from the grant date and 25% each subsequent year. The term of these options
is four years from the grant date, and will be settled through equity. The grants are conditional upon continued employment.
No market conditions affect vesting. Granted options are not entitled to dividends and may not be transferred or assigned
by the option holder.




90    2020 Annual Report
24. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

(a) Hedges of net investments in foreign operations
US$123.8 million (2019 – US$123.8 million) of unsecured 144A 3.25% private notes, US$191.5 million (2019 – nil) of unsecured
144A 3.05% private notes and US$161.0 million (2019 – US$659.1 million) of the unsecured syndicated bank credit facilities
(hedging items) have been used to hedge the Company's exposure to its net investment in US-dollar-denominated operations
(hedged items), with a view to reducing foreign exchange fluctuations. The foreign exchange effect of the unsecured 144A
3.25% private notes, the unsecured 144A 3.05% private notes, the unsecured syndicated bank credit facilities and the net
investment in US-dollar-denominated subsidiaries is reported in other comprehensive loss in the consolidated statement of
financial position. These have been and continue to be 100% fully effective hedges as the notional amounts of the hedging
items equal the portion of the net investment balance being hedged. No ineffectiveness was recognized in the consolidated
income statement in 2020 or 2019.
In 2020, nil (2019 – £60.3 million) of the unsecured syndicated bank credit facilities (hedging item) was used to hedge
the Company’s exposure to its net investment in U.K. pound sterling-denominated operations (hedged items), with a view
to reducing foreign exchange fluctuations. The foreign exchange effect of both the unsecured syndicated bank credit
facilities and the net investment in U.K. pound sterling-denominated subsidiaries is reported in other comprehensive loss
in the consolidated statement of financial position. This has been and continues to be a 100% fully effective hedge as the
notional amount of the hedging item equals the portion of the net investment balance being hedged. No ineffectiveness was
recognized in the consolidated income statement in 2020 or 2019.
In February 2017, the Company converted US$264.7 million of the 144A 3.25% private notes (note 18) into €250.0 million 1.23%
fixed rate debt using CCIRSAs (hedging items). In February 2018, a further US$111.5 million of the 144A 3.25% private notes
(note 18) were converted into €90.0 million 1.16% fixed rate debt using CCIRSAs. In January 2019, US$228.4 million of the
unsecured syndicated bank credit facilities (note 18) was converted into €200.0 million negative 0.28% fixed rate debt using
CCIRSAs. In June 2020, US$204.6 million and US$203.9 million of the 144A 3.05% private notes (note 18) was converted into
€180.0 million 2.06% fixed rate debt and €180.0 million 2.00% fixed rate debt, respectively, using CCIRSAs. Each of these
conversions was to hedge the Company’s euro-based assets and cash flows. Fair value of these CCIRSAs was recorded in
non-current liabilities when negative in value and non-current assets when positive in value. The offset was recorded in other
comprehensive loss in the consolidated statement of financial position. The January 2019 CCIRSAs were unwound on June 5,
2020, with a gain of $3.6 million. These have all been, and the active CCIRSAs continue to be, 100% fully effective hedges as
the notional amounts of the hedging items equal the portion of the net investment balance being hedged. No ineffectiveness
was recognized in the consolidated income statement in 2020 or 2019.
					                                                                              Fair Value
		
 Notional Principal Amount Interest Rate		                                       December 31		
			Received                                       Paid               2020                2019
 Fixed Rate Fixed Rate (US$)                       (€)               (C$)                (C$)           Maturity         Effective Date

US$105.8 million € 100.0 million    3.25%        1.24%    $ (16.8) million $ (10.0) million     October 1, 2026    February 28, 2017
 US$84.8 million €   80.0 million   3.25%        1.20%    $ (13.4) million $    (7.6) million   October 1, 2026    February 28, 2017
 US$42.3 million €   40.0 million   3.25%        1.21%    $ (6.8) million $     (4.1) million   October 1, 2026    February 28, 2017
 US$31.8 million €   30.0 million   3.25%        1.29%    $ (5.1) million $     (3.2) million   October 1, 2026    February 28, 2017
 US$62.1 million €   50.0 million   3.25%        1.16%    $    5.6 million $     8.5 million    October 1, 2026    February 21, 2018
 US$49.4 million €   40.0 million   3.25%        1.15%    $    3.6 million $     6.2 million    October 1, 2026    February 22, 2018
US$125.6 million € 110.0 million1-month LIBOR    (0.29%) 		          —      $    1.8 million       June 5, 2020     January 31, 2019
 US$74.2 million €   65.0 million1-month LIBOR   (0.27%) 		          —      $    1.0 million       June 5, 2020     January 31, 2019
 US$28.6 million €   25.0 million1-month LIBOR   (0.27%) 		          —      $    0.4 million       June 5, 2020     January 31, 2019
US$125.0 million € 110.0 million    3.05%          2.1%   $ (23.0) million		              —        June 1, 2030        June 10, 2020
 US$79.6 million €   70.0 million   3.05%          2.1%   $ (14.8) million		              —        June 1, 2030        June 10, 2020
 US$68.0 million €   60.0 million   3.05%          2.0%   $ (12.3) million		              —        June 1, 2030        June 23, 2020
 US$45.3 million €   40.0 million   3.05%          2.0%   $ (8.4) million		               —        June 1, 2030        June 23, 2020
 US$45.3 million €   40.0 million   3.05%          2.0%   $ (8.3) million		               —        June 1, 2030        June 23, 2020
 US$45.3 million € 40.0 million     3.05%         2.0%    $ (8.2) million		               —        June 1, 2030        June 23, 2020


                                                                                                             2020 Annual Report    91
N O T E S T O T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 (In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)




(b) Credit risk

Exposure to credit risk
The carrying amount of financial assets represents the maximum credit exposure. The maximum exposure to credit risk at
the reporting date was as follows:
										 December 31, 		 December 31,
										        2020		          2019
Cash and cash equivalents   							 $ 703.7 $                                                                       703.6
Trade and other receivables								   922.8		                                                                       849.2
Other assets									 19.6		                                                                                         20.0
Derivative instruments									 9.6		                                                                                17.9
          $
  									 1,655.7                                                                                            $   1,590.7

Impairment losses
The aging of trade receivables at the reporting date was as follows:
										 December 31, 		 December 31,
										        2020		          2019
Under 31 days         							   $ 482.8 $                                                                           433.6
Between 31 and 90 days									   289.5		                                                                           283.1
Greater than 90 days								   		 55.6		                                                                             51.1
          $
  									 827.9                                                                                              $    767.8

The movement in the allowance for impairment in respect of trade receivables during the year was as follows:
										 December 31, 		 December 31,
										        2020		          2019
Balance at January 1									               $ 15.5 $                                                                 18.1
Increase (decrease) during the year									   2.6		                                                                 (2.6)
                              $
Balance at December 31									 18.1                                                                           $     15.5

The Company believes that no impairment allowance is necessary in respect of trade receivables not past due.




92    2020 Annual Report
(c) Liquidity risk

Exposure to liquidity risk
The following are the contractual maturities of financial liabilities, including estimated interest payments and excluding the
impact of netting agreements:
                                                                                             December 31, 2020
                              December 31, 2019                                                             Payments Due by Period
                                             Carrying      Carrying   Contractual            0–6          6–12            1–2            2–5      More than
                                             Amount        Amount     Cash Flows          Months        Months           Years          Years       5 Years

Non-derivative financial liabilities								
  Secured bank loans                $ 0.5 $  0.8 $     0.8 $     0.2 $ 0.2 $ 0.2 $ 0.2 $ —
  Unsecured bank loans		              4.3   52.1		 52.1		 —		 50.2		 1.9		 —		 —
  Unsecured 144A 3.25%
		private notes		 643.1		 630.8		636.3		 —		 —		 —		 —		636.3
  Unsecured 144A 3.05%
		private notes		                      —		 754.8		763.5		 —		 —		 —		 —		763.5
  Unsecured 3.864%
		 Series 1 Notes		 298.4		 298.6		300.0		 —		 —		 —		 —		300.0
  Unsecured syndicated
		 bank credit facility		 851.3             (1.9)		 —		 —		 —		 —		 —		 —
  Unsecured syndicated
		 bank term credit facility		 475.3		 204.8		204.9		 —		 —		204.9		 —		 —
  Other long-term obligations		       0.7		  1.1		 1.1		 1.1		 —		 —		 —		 —
  Interest on unsecured
		 bank credit facilities		             *		    *		 6.9*		 1.6		 1.5		 1.9		 1.9		 —
  Interest on 144A
		 3.25% private notes		                *		    *		113.7*		 5.1		 10.4		 20.7		 62.0		 15.5
  Interest on 144A
		 3.05% private notes		               —		     *		212.4*		 9.7		 11.7		 23.3		 69.9		 97.8
  Interest on unsecured
		 3.864% Series 1 Notes		              *		    *		 81.5*		 3.3		 5.7		 11.6		 34.8		 26.1
  Interest on other
		long-term debt		                      *		    *		 0.6		 0.3		 0.3		 —		 —		 —
  Trade and other payables		 1,035.6		 1,135.7		   1,135.7*		1,135.7		 —		 —		 —		 —
Accrued post-employment
  benefit liabilities		                 *		    *		206.0*		 2.4		 2.4		 17.6		 63.1		120.5
Lease liabilities		 146.2		 153.4		160.6		 19.5		 20.6		 28.0		 45.7		 46.8
Total contractual
 cash obligations                       $ 3,455.4       $ 3,230.2     $ 3,876.1      $ 1,178.9       $ 103.0        $ 310.1        $ 277.6       $2,006.5

*	Accrued long-term employee benefit and post-employment benefit liability of $12.4 million, accrued interest of $9.6 million on unsecured notes, unsecured
   bonds, unsecured two-year term loan and unsecured syndicated credit facilities, and accrued interest of $2.5 million on derivatives are reported in trade
   and other payables in 2020 (2019: $12.4 million, $8.0 million and $1.5 million, respectively).




                                                                                                                                  2020 Annual Report    93
N O T E S T O T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 (In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)




(d) Currency risk

Exposure to currency risk
The Company’s exposure to foreign currency risk was as follows based on notional amounts:
						 December 31, 2020				December 31, 2019
			                                            U.S.                    U.K.                     		               U.S. 		     U.K.
			                                           Dollar                  Pound                Euro 		              Dollar 		   Pound		               Euro

Cash and cash equivalents		                  179.6		                   21.9		 131.6		206.0                                   20.0		          124.3
Trade and other receivables                  290.1		                   17.9		 118.0		245.6                                   24.7		          123.4
Trade and other payables		                   303.7		                   32.8		 161.6		291.1                                   31.4		          144.1
Long-term debt			                            477.2		                     —		 700.2		808.6                                    60.3		          540.6

Sensitivity analysis
A 5% weakening of the Canadian dollar, as indicated below, against the following currencies at December 31 would have
increased (decreased) equity and income by the amounts shown below. This analysis assumes that all other variables; in
particular, interest rates, remain constant.
				
   						                                                                                     Equity		                         Income Statement

								                                                                            2020                 2019               2020              2019
Euro 						                                                                         (26.2)		             (22.9)		            0.2		                1.0
U.S. dollar							                                                                  (27.9)		             (27.4)		            2.9		                6.4
U.K. pound 							                                                                    6.2                  0.9		             0.2		                0.1

A 5% strengthening of the Canadian dollar against the above currencies at December 31 would have had the equal but
opposite effect on the above currencies to the amounts shown above, on the basis that all other variables remain constant.

(e) Interest rate risk
An increase of 100 basis points in interest rates on the floating rate debt and cash equivalents as at the reporting date
would decrease net earnings by $0.8 million (2019 – $6.7 million decrease). This analysis assumes that all other variables; in
particular, foreign currency rates, remain constant.




94    2020 Annual Report
(f) Fair values versus carrying amounts
The fair values of financial assets and liabilities, together with the carrying amounts shown in the consolidated statement of
financial position, are as follows:
							December 31, 2020			December 31, 2019
						                                                           Carrying 		          Fair		 Carrying 		                       Fair
						                                                           Amount 		           Value   Amount		                         Value

Assets carried at fair value:
Other assets					               $ 19.6 $ 19.6 $                                                         20.0 $                 20.0
Derivative financial assets				    9.6		9.6		                                                           17.9		                 17.9
     $
						 29.2                                                                  $       29.2      $        37.9      $            37.9
Assets carried at amortized cost:
Trade and other receivables				                             $     922.8 $ 922.8 $                     849.2 $                 849.2
Cash and cash equivalents				                                     703.7		703.7		                      703.6		                 703.6
     $
						 1,626.5                                                               $    1,626.5      $     1,552.8      $      1,552.8
Liabilities carried at fair value:				
Derivative financial liabilities				                        $     117.1      $      117.1      $        25.1      $            25.1
     $
						 117.1                                                                 $      117.1      $        25.1      $            25.1
Liabilities carried at amortized cost:				
Trade and other payables				                   $ 1,135.7 $ 1,135.7 $ 1,035.6 $ 1,035.6
Unsecured 144A 3.25% private notes				             630.8		697.2		 643.1		 638.9
Unsecured 144A 3.05% private notes					            754.8		 829.7		        —		       —
Unsecured 3.864% Series 1 Notes				                298.6		337.4		 298.4		 313.0
Unsecured syndicated bank credit facilities				    253.1		 253.1		 1,326.6		 1,326.6
Other loans					 3.9		3.9		                                              5.5		     5.5
Finance lease liabilities						                       —		       —		       —		       —
     $
						 3,076.9                                                               $    3,257.0      $     3,309.2      $      3,319.6

The basis for determining fair values is disclosed in note 3.
The interest rates used to discount estimated cash flows for the unsecured notes are based on the government yield curve
at the reporting date, plus an adequate credit spread.




                                                                                                         2020 Annual Report     95
N O T E S T O T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 (In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)




(g) Fair value hierarchy
The table below summarizes the levels of hierarchy for financial assets and liabilities.
The different levels have been defined as follows:
• Level 1: quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;
•	Level 2: inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly
   (i.e., as prices) or indirectly (i.e., derived from prices); and
• Level 3: inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).

				                                                            		             Level 1		            Level 2		    Level 3		       Total

December 31, 2020				
Other assets					                    $ 19.6 $     —   $                                                            — $    19.6
Derivative financial assets				          —		     9.6		                                                             —		     9.6
Long-term debt						                     —		(2,121.3)		                                                            —		(2,121.3)
Derivative financial liabilities					    —		 (117.1)		                                                             —		 (117.1)
					                                                                 $         19.6       $     (2,228.8)   $     —     $   (2,209.2)

				                                                            		             Level 1		            Level 2		    Level 3		       Total

December 31, 2019				
Other assets					$                                                              20.0 $     —   $                   — $    20.0
Derivative financial assets					                                                  —		 17.9		                       —		 17.9
Long-term debt						                                                              —		(2,284.0)		                   —		(2,284.0)
Derivative financial liabilities					                                             —		 (25.1)		                     —		 (25.1)
						$                                                                         20.0       $     (2,291.2)   $     —     $   (2,271.2)

The methods and assumptions used to measure the fair value are as follows:
The fair value of derivative financial instruments generally reflects the estimated amounts that the Company would receive
to sell favourable contracts or pay to transfer unfavourable contracts, at the reporting date. The Company uses discounted
cash flow analysis and market data such as interest rates, credit spreads and foreign exchange spot rates to estimate the fair
value of forward agreements and interest-rate derivatives.
The fair value of long-term debt is estimated using public quotations, when available, or discounted cash flow analysis based
on the current corresponding borrowing rate for similar types of borrowing arrangements.




96    2020 Annual Report
2 5. F I N A N C I A L R I S K M A N AG E M E N T
The Company has exposure to the following risks from its use of financial instruments:
• credit risk;
• liquidity risk; and
• market risk.
This note presents information about the Company’s exposure to each of the above risks, the Company’s objectives, policies
and processes for measuring and managing risk, and the Company’s management of capital. Further quantitative disclosures
are included throughout these consolidated financial statements.
The Company’s risk management policies are established to identify and analyze the risks faced by the Company, to set
appropriate risk limits and controls, and to monitor risks and adherence to limits. Risk management policies and systems are
reviewed regularly to reflect changes in market conditions and the Company’s activities. The Company, through its training
and management standards and procedures, aims to develop a disciplined and constructive control environment in which
all employees understand their roles and obligations.

(a) Credit risk
Credit risk is the risk of financial loss to the Company if a customer or counterparty to a financial instrument fails to meet its
contractual obligations, and it arises principally from the Company’s receivables from customers and investment securities.
The Company has established a credit policy under which each new customer is analyzed individually for creditworthiness
before the Company’s payment and delivery terms and conditions are offered. The Company’s review includes external ratings,
where available, and in some cases bank references. Purchase limits are established for each customer, which represent the
maximum open amount without requiring approval from senior management; these limits are reviewed quarterly. Customers
that fail to meet the Company’s benchmark creditworthiness may transact with the Company only on a prepayment basis.
The Company is potentially exposed to credit risk arising from derivative financial instruments if a counterparty fails to meet
its obligations. These counterparties are large international financial institutions, and, to date, no such counterparty has failed
to meet its financial obligations to the Company. As at December 31, 2020, the Company’s exposure to credit risk arising from
derivative financial instruments amounted to $9.6 million (2019 – $17.9 million).

(b) Liquidity risk
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will not be able to meet its financial obligations as they fall due. The Company
manages liquidity by monitoring expected cash flows and to ensure the availability of credit as much as possible, that it will
always have sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities when they are due. The financial obligations of the Company include
trade and other payables, long-term debt and other long-term items. The contractual maturity of trade payables is six months
or less. Long-term debt includes instruments with varying maturities extending to 2030. The Company has the capacity to
discharge its current liabilities from the continued cash flows from business operations and an additional $703.7 million of
cash on hand and $1,522.9 million of available capacity within its syndicated bank credit facility at December 31, 2020.

(c) Market risk
Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices, such as foreign exchange rates, interest rates and commodity prices, will
affect the Company’s income or the value of its holdings of financial instruments. The objective of market risk management
is to manage and control market risk exposures within acceptable parameters, while optimizing the return.
The Company uses derivatives to manage market risks. Generally, the Company seeks to apply hedge accounting in order
to manage volatility in profit or loss. The Company does not utilize derivative financial instruments for speculative purposes.

(i)   Currency risk
The Company operates internationally, giving rise to exposure to market risks from changes in foreign exchange rates. The
Company partially manages these exposures by contracting primarily in Canadian dollars, euros, U.K. pounds and U.S. dollars.
Additionally, each subsidiary’s sales and expenses are primarily denominated in its local currency, further minimizing the
foreign exchange impact on the operating results.
In other cases, borrowings are done by non-Canadian-dollar-based subsidiaries in their own functional currencies such that
the principal and interest are denominated in a currency that matches the cash flows generated by those subsidiaries. These
provide natural hedges that do not require the application of hedge accounting.




                                                                                                             2020 Annual Report   97
N O T E S T O T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 (In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)




(ii) Interest rate risk
The Company is exposed to market risk related to interest rate fluctuations on its debt. To mitigate this risk, the Company
maintains a combination of fixed and floating rate debt.

(iii) Commodity price risk
Polypropylene is the most significant input cost for the Innovia Segment. It is traded in the market, with prices linked to the
market price of natural gas and refining capacity. The Segment does not use derivative financial instruments to hedge its
exposure to the volatility of polypropylene prices; therefore, movements must be managed and, where possible, passed
along to the Segment’s customers.

(d) Capital management
The Company’s objective is to maintain a strong capital base throughout the economic cycle to maintain investor, creditor
and market confidence and to sustain the future development of the business. This capital structure supports the Company’s
objective to provide an attractive financial return to its shareholders equal to that of its leading specialty packaging peers.
The Company defines capital as average total equity and measures the return on capital (or return on equity) by dividing
annual net earnings before goodwill impairment loss and restructuring and other items by the average of the beginning and
the end-of-year shareholders’ equity. In 2020, the return on capital was 17.8% (2019 – 17.8%).
Management and the Board maintain a balance between the expected higher return on capital that might be possible with a
higher level of financial debt and the advantages and security afforded by a lower level of financial leverage.
The Company has provided a growing level of dividends to its shareholders over the last few years, generally related to its
growth in earnings. Dividends are declared bearing in mind the Company’s current earnings, cash flow and financial leverage.
There were no changes in the Company’s approach to capital management during the year.
The Company is subject to certain financial covenants on its unsecured syndicated bank credit facility. The Company monitors
the ratios on a quarterly basis and, at December 31, 2020, was in compliance with all its covenants.


2 6. C O M M I T M E N T S A N D C O N T I N G E N C I E S

(a) Commitments
As at December 31, 2020, the Company had uncollateralized surety bonds of $57.0 million (2019 – $71.3 million), primarily to
the Brazilian Tax Authority in order to facilitate the appeal of tax reassessments. The Company intends to vigorously defend
this claim, which the Company considers to be without merit, and, accordingly, the Company has made no provision for the
matter.

(b) Contingencies
In the normal course of operations, the Company and its subsidiaries may be subject to lawsuits, investigations and other
claims, including environmental, labour, product, customer disputes and other matters.
During 2018, the Federal Court of Australia awarded a judgement and costs against a subsidiary of the Company, CCL Secure
Pty Ltd. (formerly Innovia Security Pty Ltd.) (“ISPL”), totaling A$70.0 million ($63.8 million), finding a wrongful termination
of an agency agreement with Benoy Berry and a company controlled by him, Global Secure Currency Ltd. (collectively
“Berry”), an arm’s length third party in Nigeria. ISPL appealed the judgement. As part of the appeals process, the Australian
court of appeals mandated that the Company guarantee the entire judgement in order to stay execution of the judgement
pending resolution of the appeal. On appeal, the Australian court of appeals reduced the total damages awarded to Berry to
A$4.8 million ($4.4 million) including interest and Berry’s estimated legal costs and awarded ISPL a portion of its appeal costs.
Berry appealed the reduced award to the High Court of Australia. In the third quarter of 2020, the High Court of Australia
issued a final judgement for Berry in the sum of approximately A$45.1 million ($43.0 million), including interest and legal
costs. The final judgement was $8.6 million in excess of the previously recorded provision, which had been accrued as part
of the 2017 Innovia acquisition for this matter and is reported in Restructuring and other items.




98    2020 Annual Report
In the first quarter of 2019, a hearing on a jurisdictional issue was heard in respect of a lawsuit launched in 2011 by Berry in
Nigerian Federal Court against ISPL and Innovia Films Ltd. (collectively “IFL”), as well as other defendants not affiliated with
ISPL. The court denied IFL’s motion to dismiss the lawsuit on the jurisdictional issue. IFL is appealing that decision to the
highest appeals court in Nigeria. The lawsuit alleges that IFL and the co-defendants committed to build a banknote substrate
plant in Nigeria, and Berry seeks an order requiring IFL and the co-defendants to build the plant or, in lieu thereof, grant an
award of total damages in the amount of €1.5 billion ($2.2 billion). IFL intends to vigorously defend this claim, which the
Company considers to be without merit, and, accordingly, the Company has made no provision for the matter.
Management believes that adequate provisions for legal claims have been recorded in the accounts where required. Although
it is not always possible to accurately estimate the result or magnitude of legal claims due to the various uncertainties involved
in the legal process, management believes that the ultimate resolution of all such pending matters, individually and in the
aggregate, will not have a material adverse impact on the Company, its business, financial position or liquidity.


2 7. R E L AT E D PA R T I E S

(a) Beneficial ownership
The directors and officers of CCL Industries Inc. as a group beneficially own, control, or direct, directly or indirectly,
approximately 11.2 million of the issued and outstanding Class A voting shares, representing 94.8% of the issued and
outstanding Class A voting shares.

(b) Loan guarantees
The Company has provided various loan guarantees for its joint ventures and associates totaling $23.3 million (2019 –
$42.3 million).


2 8 . K E Y M A N AG E M E N T P E R S O N N E L C O M P E N SAT I O N
											                                                                                               2020		                 2019
Short-term employee compensation and benefits					 $                                                        9.6 $                 8.2
Share-based compensation									                                                                           4.5		                36.4
Post-employment benefits								                                                                            0.7		                 0.9
									                                                                                         $        14.8      $           45.5


2 9. AC C U M U L AT E D OT H E R C O M P R E H E N S I V E LO S S
											                                                                                               2020		                 2019
Unrealized foreign currency translation losses, net of tax recovery of
 $5.2 million (2019 – tax recovery of $2.3 million)						                                         $      (142.6)     $           (89.3)
Gains on derivatives designated as cash flow hedges,
 net of tax of $0.1 million (2019 – nil)							                                                             0.4		                  —
									                                                                                         $      (142.2)     $           (89.3)




                                                                                                            2020 Annual Report    99
N O T E S T O T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 (In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)




3 0. R E S T R U C T U R I N G A N D OT H E R I T E M S
										                                                                                                   2020		           2019
                            $
Restructuring costs 									 18.4 $                                                                                          11.1
Acquisition costs 									 1.1		                                                                                              0.6
Other items 										         8.1		                                                                                          13.3
Total restructuring and other items								                                                              $   27.6    $        25.0

For the full year 2020, restructuring costs and other items represented an expense of $27.6 million ($20.8 million after tax)
as follows:
•	Restructuring expenses of $18.4 million ($14.2 million after tax), primarily related to severance and reorganization costs
   across the Company matching operational expenses to reduced economic activity resulting from the global CV19 pandemic.
• Acquisition transaction costs totaled $1.1 million ($1.1 million after tax) for the nine acquisitions closed in 2020.
•	Other expenses of $8.1 million ($5.5 million after tax), primarily related to the final judgement at the High Court of Australia
   for a pre-acquisition lawsuit against CCL Secure’s polymer banknote substrate business for wrongful termination in 2008 of
   an agency agreement in the amount of A$45.1 million ($43.0 million) including interest and legal costs. This final judgement
   was $8.6 million in excess of the amount accrued on the Innovia acquisition.
For the full year 2019, restructuring costs and other items represented an expense of $25.0 million ($19.9 million after tax)
as follows:
•	Restructuring expenses of $11.1 million ($9.3 million after tax), primarily related to severance and reorganization costs
   for Innovia, Checkpoint’s European operations and similar expenses in the CCL Segment due to slowing demand in the
   fourth quarter.
• Acquisition transaction costs totaled $0.6 million ($0.6 million after tax) for the six acquisitions closed in 2019.
•	Other expenses of $13.3 million ($10.0 million after tax), related to the settlement of a lawsuit attributable to policies
   employed by the pre-acquisition management of Checkpoint.


31. SUBSEQUENT EVENT
The Board of Directors has declared a dividend of $0.21 per Class B non-voting share and $0.2075 per Class A voting share,
which will be payable to shareholders of record at the close of business on March 17, 2021, to be paid on March 31, 2021.




100 2020 Annual Report
SIX YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY
(In millions of Canadian dollars, except share and ratio data)




			                                    2020		                    2019		        2018		        2017		         2016		                 2015
Sales and Net Earnings
Sales                  $ 5,242.3  $ 5,321.3  $ 5,161.5                                 $   4,755.7    $   3,974.7      $      3,039.1
Depreciation and
  amortization		           364.4		 329.6		 278.0                                            259.2          203.7		164.1
Net finance cost 		         65.2       81.0		 80.7                                           75.2		         37.9		 25.6
Net earnings           $   529.71 $   477.12 $   466.83                                $    474.14 $       346.35 $ 295.16
Basic net earnings
  per Class B share    $    2.961 $    2.682 $    2.643                                $      2.704   $     1.985      $            1.706

Financial Position
Current assets           $          2,224.7 $ 2,105.0 $ 2,125.2 $ 1,851.6 $ 1,660.9 $ 1,229.9
Current liabilities		               1,262.0		 1,148.0		 1,346.9   1,299.7		 907.0		 912.8
Working capital⁷		                    962.7		 957.0       778.3     551.9     753.9		 317.1
Total assets		                      7,336.7		 7,038.0   7,027.6   6,144.0		 4,678.8		 3,582.3
Net debt		                          1,390.7		 1,716.2		 1,902.5		 1,773.9		 1,016.2		 599.8
Shareholders’ equity     $          3,282.2 $ 2.897.7 $ 2,673.1 $ 2,157.9 $ 1,775.2 $ 1,621.9
Net debt to equity ratio		             0.42		 0.59         0.71		 0.82		 0.57		 0.37
Net debt to total
  book capitalization		                 29.8%		                  37.2%		        41.6%		      45.1%          36.4% 		27.0%

Number of Shares (000,000s)
Class A – Dec. 31		 11.8		                                    11.8		            11.8		       11.8           11.8		11.8
Class B – Dec. 31  167.4		                                   166.8		           165.9		      165.0          164.1		163.6
Weighted average
 for the year      178.7		                                   178.0		           176.8		      175.8          175.2		                 173.6

Cash Flow
Cash provided by
 operations            $ 882.9                     $         779.5        $    772.7   $    711.2     $    564.0       $           475.3
Additions to plant,
 property and
 equipment		             282.8                               345.6             352.9		 285.7               234.7		172.2
Business acquisitions		  161.4                                40.4             365.9		 1,191.4             571.5		356.7
Dividends		              128.7                               121.1              92.2		 81.2		               70.2		 52.3
Dividends per
 Class B share         $  0.72                     $             0.68     $     0.52   $     0.46     $     0.40       $            0.30
¹   After pre-tax restructuring and other items – net loss of $27.6 million.
2
    After pre-tax restructuring and other items – net loss of $25.0 million.
3
    After pre-tax restructuring and other items – net loss of $14.8 million.
4
    After pre-tax restructuring and other items – net loss of $11.3 million.
5
    After pre-tax restructuring and other items – net loss of $34.6 million.
6
    After pre-tax restructuring and other items – net gain of $6.0 million.
7
    Current assets less current liabilities.




                                                                                                              2020 Annual Report    101
2020 BUSINESS LEADERSHIP




North America                          Europe                                     Asia Pacific
Mark Cooper                            Günther Birkner                            Jim Anzai
President,                             President,                                 Vice President & Managing Director,
Avery & METO Worldwide                 Food & Beverage, Healthcare & Specialty,   CCL Industries North Asia
Brea, California, USA                  CCL Secure and Innovia Films Worldwide     Tokyo, Japan
                                       Zurich, Switzerland
John Dargan                                                                       Da Gang Li
President,                             Derek Cumming                              Group Vice President,
Checkpoint Worldwide                   Group Vice President,                      CCL Industries Greater China
Thorofare, New Jersey, USA             CCL Design Worldwide                       Shanghai, PR China
                                       East Kilbride, Scotland
Ben Rubino                                                                        Kittipong Kulratanasinsuk
President,                             Scott Mitchell-Harris                      Vice President & Managing Director,
Home & Personal Care Worldwide         Group Vice President,                      CCL Label ASEAN
Lumberton, New Jersey, USA             Checkpoint Europe & Asia Pacific,          Bangkok, Thailand
                                       Apparel Labeling Solutions Worldwide
Stephan Finke                                                                     Daniel Choo Thian Chau
                                       Barcelona, Spain
Vice President & Managing Director,                                               Managing Director,
Food & Beverage North America,         Lee Pretsell                               CCL Label & Checkpoint Vietnam
Australia & New Zealand                Group Vice President,                      Ho Chi Min City, Vietnam
Sonoma, California, USA                Healthcare & Specialty Worldwide
                                                                                  Xiao Hong “Echo” Yu
                                       Dublin, Ireland
Eric Frantz                                                                       Vice President & Managing Director,
Group Vice President,                  Werner Ehrmann                             CCL Label China
Home & Personal Care                   Vice President,                            Hefei, PR China
Lumberton, New Jersey, USA             Technology Development
                                                                                  Alex Zhu
                                       Holzkirchen, Germany
Bill Goldsmith                                                                    Vice President & Managing Director,
Vice President Business Development,   Mathias Maennel                            CCL Design Greater China
CCL Design North America               Vice President & Managing Director,        Suzhou, PR China
Schererville, Indiana, USA             CCL Design Europe
                                                                                  Mark Gentle
                                       Solingen, Germany
Al Green                                                                          Vice President & Managing Director,
Vice President,                        Michael McGarry                            Checkpoint & Meto Australia,
Technology Development                 Vice President & Managing Director,        New Zealand & ASEAN
Clinton, South Carolina, USA           Healthcare Europe                          Melbourne, Australia
                                       Belfast, Northern Ireland
Andy Iseli                                                                        Neil Sanders
Vice President & General Manager,      Jamie Robinson                             Vice President & Managing Director,
CCL Tube                               Vice President & Managing Director,        CCL Secure – Polymer Bank Notes
Los Angeles, California, USA           Home & Personal Care Europe                Melbourne, Australia
                                       and Food & Beverage, U.K.
Jon Knight                             Castleford, England
Vice President & General Manager,                                                 Latin America
Innovia Films Americas                 Dirk Seemann                               Luis Jocionis
Winston-Salem, North Carolina, USA     Vice President & Managing Director,        Group Vice President,
                                       Innovia Films Europe & Asia Pacific        CCL Industries South America
Sandra Lane                            Wigton, England                            Sao Paolo, Brazil
Vice President,
CCL Secure North America               Reinhard Streit                            Ben Lilienthal
Greensboro, North Carolina, USA        Vice President & Managing Director,        Group Vice President,
                                       Food & Beverage Europe                     CCL Industries Central America
John O’Brien                           Völkermarkt, Austria                       Mexico City, Mexico
Vice President & General Manager,
CCL Label Canada
Toronto, Ontario, Canada

Allison Phillips
Vice President,
Strategic Business Development
Avery North America
Brea, California, USA

Patrick Thomas
Vice President & General Manager,
CCL Design North America
Strongsville, Ohio, USA

102 2020 Annual Report
2 0 2 0 C O R P O R AT E E X E C U T I V E S




Donald G. Lang                                 Mark McClendon                 Nick Vecchiarelli
Executive Chairman                             Vice President and             Vice President, Corporate Accounting
                                               General Counsel
Geoffrey T. Martin                                                            Monika Vodermaier
President and                                  James A. Sellors               Vice President,
Chief Executive Officer                        Senior Vice President,         Corporate Finance
                                               CCL Industries Asia Pacific    Europe
Suzana Furtado
Corporate Secretary                            Lalitha Vaidyanathan           Sean P. Washchuk
                                               Senior Vice President,         Senior Vice President and
Kamal Kotecha                                  Finance-IT- Human Resources,   Chief Financial Officer
Vice President, Taxation                       CCL Industries




B OA R D O F D I R ECTO RS




Linda A. Cash                                  Erin M. Lang                   Thomas C. Peddie
Director since 2021                            Director since 2016            Director since 2003
Corporate Director                             Managing Director,             Corporate Director
Michigan, U.S.A.                               LUMAS Canada                   Ontario, Canada
                                               Ontario, Canada
Vincent J. Galifi                                                             Mandy J. Shapansky
Director since 2016                            Stuart W. Lang                 Director since 2014
Executive Vice President and                   Director since 1991            Corporate Director
Chief Financial Officer,                       Corporate Director             Ontario, Canada
Magna International Inc.                       Ontario, Canada
                                                                              Susana Suarez-Gonzalez
Ontario, Canada
                                               Geoffrey T. Martin             Director since 2021
Alan D. Horn                                   Director since 2005            Executive Vice President and
Director since 2019                            President and CEO,             Chief Human Resources;
President and Chief Executive Officer,         CCL Industries Inc.            Chief Diversity and Inclusion Officer
Rogers Telecommunications Limited              Massachusetts, U.S.A.          International Flavors & Fragrances Inc.
Ontario, Canada                                                               New York, U.S.A.
                                               Douglas W. Muzyka
Kathleen L. Keller-Hobson                      Director since 2016
Director since 2015                            Corporate Director
Corporate Director                             Pennsylvania, U.S.A.
Ontario, Canada

Donald G. Lang
Director since 1991
Executive Chairman,
CCL Industries Inc.
Ontario, Canada




                                                                                                    2020 Annual Report   103
S H A R E H O L D E R S ’ I N F O R M AT I O N




Auditors                                                                Annual Meeting of Shareholders
KPMG LLP                                                                The Annual Meeting of Shareholders will be held on:
Chartered Professional Accountants                                      May 13, 2021 at 2:00 p.m.
                                                                        CCL Industries Inc.
Legal Counsel                                                           111 Gordon Baker Road
McMillan LLP                                                            Suite 801
                                                                        Toronto, ON M2H 3R1
Transfer Agent
AST Trust Company (Canada)                                              Class B Share Information
P.O. Box 700                                                            Stock Symbol CCL.B
Postal Station B
Montreal, QC H3B 3K3                                                    Listed TSX
Email:		           inquiries@astfinancial.com                           Opening price 2020 		                                                    $55.55
Investor Services: (416) 682-3860 or (800) 387-0825                     Closing price 2020		                                                     $57.79
Fax:		             (888) 249-6189                                       Number of trades		                                                      550,802
Website:		         www.astfinancial.com/ca-en
                                                                        Trading volume (shares)		                                            89,361,788
Financial Information                                                   Trading value		                                                  $4,279,640,372
Institutional investors, analysts and registered representatives        Annual dividends declared		                                               $0.72
requiring additional information may contact:
Sean Washchuk                                                           Shares outstanding at December 31, 2020
Senior Vice President and CFO
                                                                        Class A voting shares		                                                11,835,737
(416) 756-8526
                                                                        Class B non-voting shares		                                           167,380,075
Additional copies of this report can be obtained from:
CCL Industries Inc.
Investor Relations Department
111 Gordon Baker Road
Suite 801
Toronto, ON M2H 3R1
Tel:				            (416) 756-8500
Fax:			             (416) 756-8555
Email:		            ccl@cclind.com
Website:		          www.cclind.com




                                                                                                                                                        Designed by DELBOVE Design Studio




                                                                   This report is printed on recyclable, acid-free and chlorine free paper.
104 2020 Annual Report                                             Printed in Canada.
CCL Industries Inc.
111 Gordon Baker Road, Suite 801   161 Worcester Road
Toronto, ON M2H 3R1, Canada        Framingham, MA 01701, USA
Tel +1 (416) 756 8500              Tel +1 (508) 872 4511       www.cclind.com
