CCL Industries Inc.


2025
Annual
Report
      26,000                                                          214                                                       42                                                        6
      Employees                                    Production Facilities                                                Countries                                              Continents


CCL                                                                                                        Checkpoint
CCL is the world’s largest converter of pressure sensitive and extruded                                    Checkpoint is a leading developer of RF and RFID-based technology systems
film materials for a wide range of decorative, instructional, security and                                 for enterprise wide inventory accuracy, reliability and security, including
functional applications for government institutions and large global                                       labeling and tagging solutions, for the broad retail, apparel, consumer
customers in consumer packaging, healthcare, chemicals, consumer                                           products and technology industries worldwide.
durables, electronic device and automotive markets. Extruded and labeled
plastic tubes, aluminum aerosols and specialty bottles, folded instructional
leaflets, specialty folded cartons, precision engineered and die cut
components, electronic displays, polymer banknote substrate and other
complementary products and services are sold in parallel to specific end-
                                                                                                           Innovia
                                                                                                           Innovia is a leading global producer of specialty, high-performance,
use markets.
                                                                                                           multi-layer, surface-engineered films for label, packaging and security
                                                                                                           applications.


Avery
Avery is the world’s largest supplier of labels, specialty converted media
and software solutions to enable short-run digital printing in businesses
and homes alongside complementary products sold through distributors,
mass-market stores and e-commerce retailers.




    NORTH AMERICA REPRESENTS                                                        EUROPE REPRESENTS                                             EMERGING MARKETS REPRESENTS



        38%                 of total sales                                       32%                of total sales                                      30%                   of total sales



CAUTION ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION This annual report contains forward-looking information and forward-looking statements, as defined under applicable securities laws
(hereinafter collectively referred to as “forward-looking statements”) that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements include all statements that are predictive in nature
or depend on future events or conditions. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by, but not limited to, the words “believes,” “expects,” “anticipates,” “estimates,” “intends,” “plans” or
similar expressions. Statements regarding the operations, business, financial condition, priorities, ongoing objectives, strategies and outlook of the Company, other than statements of historical fact,
are forward-looking statements. Specifically, this annual report contains forward-looking statements regarding the anticipated growth in sales, income and profitability of the Company’s segments;
the Company’s improvement in market share; the Company’s capital spending levels and planned capital expenditures in 2026; the adequacy of the Company’s financial liquidity; the Company’s
expectation of delivering returns in excess of its cost of capital; improved return on total capital, adjusted earnings per share, adjusted EBITDA growth rates and dividend payout; the Company’s
effective tax rate; the Company’s ongoing business strategy; the Company’s ability to maintain a Net Debt to Adjusted EBITDA ratio below 3.5 times; the Company’s expectations regarding general
business and economic conditions; the Company’s Corporate Social Responsibility initiative to enhance the integration of social and environmental objectives into its business operations and strategy;
the Company’s expectation to achieve its overall environmental footprint and waste reduction goals for 2026 and 2030; the Company’s expectation to engage 75% of suppliers by emission and 20%
of customers by revenue set science-based targets; the Company’s expectation to reduce absolute Scope 1, Scope 2 and Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions 90% by 2050; the Company’s success in
passing on foreign exchange movements and input cost changes, including inflationary costs, to its customer base; the expectation that Checkpoint will take its share of the rapidly expanding Radio
Frequency Identification (“RFID”) market; the expectation that the CCL Segment’s capacity and technology investments in 2025 and 2026 will position it for growth and improved profitability in the
coming years; the expectation that new business wins for CCL Secure’s polymer banknote substrate and passport components will drive improved sales volume for 2026; the expectation that Avery’s
direct-to-consumer businesses, plus horticultural operations, will outpace legacy product lines and that further “tuck-in” acquisitions are possible; Checkpoint’s expectation that there will be strong
demand for RFID-related products, including products beyond retail, and that Checkpoint’s new RFID inlay facility in Mexico will position the Segment to be a leader in North America; Checkpoint’s
expectation that core Merchandise Availability Solutions (“MAS”) and Apparel Labeling Solutions (“ALS”) apparel production categories will grow and improve profitability in 2026; the expectation that
Innovia will profitably fill capacity of its new thin-gauge film line in Germany; Innovia’s expectation that the new “EcoFloat” shrink film line in Poland will continue to add volume in 2026, and new coating
lines in Mexico and the U.K. will add new product depth; and the expectation that Innovia will improve 2026 results compared to 2025.
Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. They involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties relating to future events and conditions, including, but not limited to,
the impact of competition; consumer confidence and spending preferences; general economic and geopolitical conditions; currency exchange rates; interest rates and credit availability; technological
change; changes in government regulations; risks associated with operating and product hazards; and the Company’s ability to attract and retain qualified employees. Do not unduly rely on forward-
looking statements as the Company’s actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are also based on a number of
assumptions, which may prove to be incorrect, including, but not limited to, assumptions about the following: higher consumer spending; increased customer demand for the Company’s products;
continued historical growth trends, market growth in specific segments and entering into new segments; the Company’s ability to provide a wide range of products to multinational customers on a
global basis; the benefits of the Company’s focused strategies and operational approach; the Company’s ability to implement its acquisition strategy and successfully integrate acquired businesses;
the achievement of the Company’s plans for improved efficiency and lower costs, including the ability to pass on polypropylene resin, aluminum and other inflationary cost increases to its customers;
the availability of cash and credit; fluctuations of currency exchange rates; the Company’s continued relations with its customers; and general business and economic conditions. Should one or more
risks materialize or should any assumptions prove incorrect, then actual results could vary materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Further details on key risks can
be found throughout this report and particularly in Section 4: “Risks and Uncertainties.”
Except as otherwise indicated, forward-looking statements do not take into account the effect that transactions or non-recurring or other special items announced or occurring after the statements
are made may have on the business. Such statements do not, unless otherwise specified by the Company, reflect the impact of dispositions, sales of assets, monetizations, mergers, acquisitions, other
business combinations or transactions, asset write-downs or other charges announced or occurring after forward-looking statements are made. The financial impact of these transactions and non-
recurring and other special items can be complex and depends on the facts particular to each of them; therefore, the financial impact cannot be described in a meaningful way in advance of knowing
the specific facts.
The forward-looking statements are provided as of the date of this annual report and the Company does not assume any obligation to update or revise the forward-looking statements to reflect new
events or circumstances, except as required by law.
Unless the context otherwise indicates, a reference to “the Company” means CCL Industries Inc. and its subsidiary companies and equity-accounted investments.
20 2 5 L E T T E R TO S H A R E H O L D E RS
It was another year of record adjusted net earnings*, moving from less than
$500 million at the end of 2019, pre-pandemic, to $810 million for 2025, with
further progress planned for 2026 as we navigate the volatile global environment.
Sales for 2025 increased 5.8% to $7.7 billion, with adjusted net earnings per Class B
share up 7.4%. Free cash flow* performance was a major highlight for the year
reaching $891 million, up $285 million and 110% of net adjusted earning; despite
$441 million of capital spending to expand capacity and capability across the
Company’s operations.




Donald G. Lang           Geoffrey T. Martin
Executive Chairman       President and
                         Chief Executive Officer




CCL Segment
Sales for the year increased 8.4%, reaching $4.9 billion, with 4.9% organic growth augmented by a full year from the Pacman
acquisition in the Middle East and modest positive foreign exchange translation. Geographically, we delivered compelling
gains in Asia Pacific and the Middle East, with low single digit to mid-single digit progress in North America and Europe,
respectively while Latin America declined modestly. Segment operating income* grew 11.3% to $794 million while adjusted
EBITDA* margin moved up 40 basis points to 22.7%.

Home & Personal Care results were solid in labels globally despite soft end markets, more than offset by market share gains,
with underlying profit growth in all regions with the exception of Latin America impacted by volatility in foreign exchange rates
for all the currencies we operate in. Our extruded tube business in the United States, where we are market leader, made modest
progress in a slow consumer packaged goods market. CCL Container was again the standout performer, with unit volume up
7.5% driving significant sales gains fueled by tariff-related pass through of rapidly escalating metal cost, with robust profitability
improvement on top of breakout years in 2023 and 2024. We invested heavily in new capacity in Mexico and continued to
update older technology in the United States. On a combined basis, we reported very good profit improvement for the sector
on a solid organic sales gain.

Healthcare & Specialty rebounded from the slow year in 2024, especially in Europe and Emerging Markets which delivered
good sales gains and outsized profitability progress. CCL Faubel, our clinical trials labeling business in Germany, acquired in
the summer of 2023, had an outstanding 2025 and we continued to build this high margin product line globally. Our new plant
in Oss, Netherlands settled down after a prolonged period of disruption from the move and our business in France reduced its
losses, but more progress is still needed. However, our new pharmaceutical insert plant in Singapore had one of the smoothest
start-ups in our history and contributed a significant new profit stream. In North America new plants in Raleigh, NC, and
Montreal, Quebec built sales but have not yet reached profitability. Business was slow in Canada as global healthcare companies
adjusted supply chains to manage tariff policy in the United States. Ag-Chem had a solid year with market share gains in North
America part offset by a patchy performance in Europe. Good progress overall in sales and profits.




                                                                                                             2025 Annual Report     1
2025 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS




Food & Beverage sales increased only slightly in soft markets, underpinned by clearly changing consumer attitudes towards
both single use packaging and alcohol consumption. Profitability was impacted by very slow start ups at our new plants in
Spain and Italy, but our new in mould label plant in Memphis, TN finally made considerable progress towards a positive result.
Our two 2023 acquisitions, Creaprint in Spain, an in-mould label producer, and Pouch Partners in Italy, a specialist in stand-up
flexible pouches, struggled for sales volume and faced operational challenges in the latter. Sleeves had a slow year globally,
except in Latin America where we grew rapidly, but pressure sensitive labels had some market share gains in the U.S. in wine &
spirits, China in premium waters and globally in closure labels despite soft end markets. Sector profitability for 2025 overall
declined on a very modest sales gain but return on invested capital remains slightly above average for the Segment.

CCL Design became the third sector in the CCL Segment to pass the $1 billion sales hurdle in 2025 after an outstanding year
in the electronics business. Double digit organic sales growth in China, India & Southeast Asia drove the results on top of
amazing productivity gains from robotic automation in our new mega plants in China. The start up in India was also a notable
success and moved very rapidly into profitability. We also won important new programs for our Original Design Manufacturer
(“ODM”) customers which should see growth continue in 2026. Our new coating plant in Hai’an China successfully and
profitably delivered important new capability for surface treatments and adhesive performance. Results in automotive were
good in labels and improved for decorative metal trim parts and the acquired former McGavigan operation in China, now under
our electronics leadership team. Early in 2026, we announced the acquisition of ALT Technologies, a global supplier of airbag
covers, seals and labels for the automotive industry. Tapes performance improved meaningfully, especially for bonding and
thermal management applications. Sales to alkaline battery producers increased modestly driven by customers onshoring
manufacturing. Overall, sales increased mid-single digit with profitability rising far beyond that, despite R&D driven losses at
Imprint Energy, our new intelligent label program with its own printed battery.

CCL Secure had another good year in the United States driven by demand for passport components, and we won a large new
set of contracts that will commence in 2027. The polymer banknote business had a better year on new business wins, partly
offset by a temporary demand hiatus in Latin America where certain countries engaged in redesigns, which is expected to
recover in the second half of 2026 and 2027 in particular. On a combined basis, sales and profitability increased for the sector.

Avery
Our consumer arm was one of our more affected businesses by U.S. tariff policies. Our ring binders made in Mexico were
deemed not to be CUSMA compliant due to the percentage of Asian sourced components, as were some associated items in
our organization product categories. We absorbed this cost, as it was simply too late to adjust prices or change sourcing
strategies for the short back-to-school season. We fixed the issue for 2026, but this impeded what would otherwise have been
a year of profit gain for the Segment overall in 2025. Results were very strong in the direct-to-consumer space in both North
America and Europe with gains in all product categories, especially labels. We acquired two new badge-related businesses,
Idesco in the United States and We Print Lanyards in the U.K. Profit performance was also stable in the higher margin printable
media category globally. In horticulture, profitability improved in the U.S. but lagged in Europe, we completed construction of
the new manufacturing plant in Michigan where we will relocate during the 2026 off season. Currency volatility impacted our
business in South America, especially for imported materials in Brazil. Overall, results were almost flat in 2025.

Checkpoint
Merchandise Availability Solutions‘ (“MAS”) historically manufactured the vast majority of its product line, including hardware
and supplies, in China. Tariffs, therefore, had quite an impact on our U.S. business, especially for consumables. Although we
protected margins with surcharges, sales volume suffered, particularly in the busy pre-Christmas season. Our new supply
plant for Electronic-Article Surveillance (“EAS”) and Radio Frequency Identification (“RFID”) labels in Mexico is now fully
functional, CUSMA compliant and ready to make a difference in 2026. In combination with our operation in China, we have
capacity in place to become one of the leading players in the RFID space. Our large European business, unencumbered by
tariffs, had an exceptional year on new RFID-enabled hardware technology roll outs to large retailers. Sales for Apparel
Labeling Solutions (“ALS”) grew only modestly following on from the almost 30% gains last year as U.S. retailers and apparel
producers globally wrestled with what do about tariffs, an abundance of inventory caution followed. Growth in RFID, however,
continued and richer mix coupled with cost savings improved profit margins despite poor results in Brazil. The smaller Meto
business delivered solid cash flow. Segment operating income* increased $11.6 million or 7.7% and return on sales reached
16.1%, up 80 basis points.




2       2025 Annual Report
Innovia
Reported sales for the year and unit volume were both flat plus average selling price fell only modestly despite accelerating
resin decline, due to improved mix and a benefit from foreign exchange translation. We delivered improved profitability gains
despite incurring approximately $12 million of start-up costs at the new thin gauge film plant in Germany. Frankly, we
underestimated the time it would take to qualify products at customers, but this is now behind us, and we should build sales
progressively as we move through 2026. The closure of our older site in Belgium concluded with the sale of the property for
$21 million in August, contributing to record cash flow along with $22 million in grants from the German government. One of
the bigger competitors in our space largely exited the U.S. market and declared bankruptcy in parts of its European operations,
helping us gain share in cavitated label films from our Polish plant. We had another excellent year in the Americas, where
profitability improved substantially, aided by productivity, cost savings and commercial discipline. Segment operating income*
improved by more than $8 million to $74 million, with a 10.5% return on sales, up 110 basis points.

Sustainability
This past year, the Company successfully verified targets through the Science-Based Targets initiative (“SBTi”), and commenced
development of decarbonization plans to make progress towards our 2029, 2030 and 2050 goals. In 2025, the Company met
one of our important early sustainability goals, set in 2020, as 90% of manufactured product waste is now diverted from landfill
across our global operations.

The Company continues to set a high bar for sustainability initiatives around the world. CCL Label launched EcoShear, pressure
sensitive labels that enable virtually residue-free removal to minimize contamination in the recycling stream for one way glass
bottles. Checkpoint launched CheckLINQ, our scalable Digital Product Passport (DPP) solution, to ensure full product
traceability, facilitate regulatory compliance and support circularity. Innovia is preparing to comply with EU Packaging and
Packaging Waste Regulation (PPWR) by delivering, through collaboration, the first fully circular, food-safe approved, recycled
polypropylene film. Our new co-extrusion line in Germany to produce thin gauge label films also supports growing demand for
lower resin content materials. Avery’s pc/nametag unit converts production waste into high-BTU fuel pellets to replace the use
of fossil fuels in industrial boilers and power plants, while also diverting waste from landfill. Over 40 central banks around the
world have now used extended-life GUARDIAN™ polymer banknotes from CCL Secure, reducing the replacement frequency of
currency in circulation and the associated environmental impact of traditional paper banknotes. More details can be found in
CCL Industries’ annual Sustainability Reports at www.cclind.com/sustainability.

Delivering to Shareholders
Following our February 2026 Board meeting, we announced a 12.5% increase to the dividend; the annualized payout now
stands at $1.44 per Class B share, more than double the rate paid in 2019. Despite returning $223.7 million in dividends and
$300 million in share repurchases to shareholders, the Company’s net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio ended 2025 comfortably
inside investment-grade territory at 0.78 times, down 0.30 turns from 2024. The Company continued to invest in its future with
$441 million in new capital spending in 2025 and plans a further $470 million in 2026, compared to $428 million of 2025
depreciation and amortization expense, excluding right-of-use asset accounting for leases.

Leadership and Governance
CCL is a global enterprise with just 2% of our sales in Canada, so we believe that leadership must be local to the cultures of the
42 countries where we now have operations. We are passionate about our highly decentralized organizational philosophy that
puts customer responsiveness and profit responsibility jointly at the sharp end of our business. We continue to believe that
time-served experience at the front line is a necessity in order to progress into our senior leadership ranks. We prefer to
promote from within, but if that proves to be difficult, outsiders are welcome but only from our industry. An exception is our
corporate staff, especially in fiduciary functions where professional skills are needed, but with a mantra to provide agile
technical prowess to our business units at a cost not to exceed 1% of sales.

We welcomed to our Board of Directors this past year Andrew Butler, Mandeep Chawla, Andrea Daly and Michael Larsson;
necessary additions given retirements the last couple of years and the sudden passing of Vince Galifi in early 2025 which came
as a shock to all of us. However, change always brings the opportunity to refresh and bring in new ideas and skill sets; we are
very pleased with our new Board composition, with Claude Tessier now acting as Lead Director in addition to his capacity as
Chair of our Audit Committee. The Board continues to represent all shareholders through good governance practice, while
providing seasoned, wise counsel to management.



                                                                                                         2025 Annual Report     3
2025 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS




2026 Outlook
Despite a solid 2025, we expect to make further progress in 2026. While geopolitics dominates the economic worry list for
many companies with global reach, it’s our job to navigate through these waters into the AI and robotics future that awaits us,
sooner than later by all accounts! Tariffs have been a nuisance on the margin as our business is substantially “local to local” for
both supply and demand, and in the end we must think long term about what is right for our customers and act accordingly as
we try to see around these corners to our future, and in that regard we remain cautiously optimistic.

As always, we close by thanking the many CCL people around the world for their commitment to our cause and bringing their
extraordinary skills & knowledge to define our leadership in this industry. Your ownership mindset is important to us as we share
our successes (and mistakes) with shareholders, many of which are inside our Company. To our customers and suppliers, we
would be nothing without your partnership and support in 2025 and prospectively for the years ahead.




Donald G. Lang				                             Geoffrey T. Martin
Executive Chairman			                         President and Chief Executive Officer



* Non-IFRS measures; see Section 5A of CCL’s Management’s Discussion and Analysis for more detail.




4       2025 Annual Report
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
(In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share and ratio data)




                                                                                                   2025           2024
Sales                                                                                         $ 7,663.8     $   7,245.0                5.8%
Adjusted EBITDA*                                                                              $ 1,622.5     $   1,497.1                8.4%
% of sales                                                                                          21.2%         20.7%
Restructuring and other items – net loss                                                      $     10.5    $       5.5
Revaluation gain                                                                              $      —      $     (78.1)
Net earnings                                                                                  $   802.4     $    843.1                 (4.8%)
% of sales                                                                                          10.5%         11.6%

Basic earnings per Class B share
Net earnings                                                                                  $     4.59    $     4.73                (3.0%)
Diluted earnings                                                                              $     4.57    $     4.70                (2.8%)
Adjusted basic earnings per Class B share*                                                    $     4.64    $     4.32                 7.4%
Dividends per Class B share                                                                   $     1.28    $     1.16                10.3%

As at December 31
Total assets                                                                                  $ 10,101.5    $   9,859.1                 2.5%
Net debt*                                                                                     $ 1,262.0     $   1,618.9               (22.0%)
Total equity                                                                                  $ 5,640.4     $   5,280.7                 6.8%
Net debt to Adjusted EBITDA*                                                                        0.78           1.08
Number of employees                                                                              26,000         26,300                 (1.1%)
* A non-IFRS measure; see “Key Performance Indicators and Non-IFRS Measures” in Section 5A.




                                                                                                                 2025 Annual Report       5
M A N A G E M E N T ’ S D I S C U S S I O N A N D A N A LY S I S
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 (Tabular amounts in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share data)




This Management’s Discussion and Analysis of the financial condition and results of operations (“MD&A”) of CCL Industries
Inc. (“the Company”) relates to the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024. In preparing this MD&A, the Company
has taken into account information available until February 25, 2026, unless otherwise noted. This MD&A should be
read in conjunction with the Company’s December 31, 2025, annual consolidated financial statements, which form part
of the CCL Industries Inc. 2025 Annual Report dated February 25, 2026. The consolidated financial statements have
been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”), and, unless otherwise noted,
both the financial statements and this MD&A are expressed in Canadian dollars as the presentation currency. The major
measurement currencies of the Company’s operations are the Canadian dollar, U.S. dollar, euro, Argentine peso, Australian
dollar, Bangladeshi taka, Brazilian real, Chilean peso, Chinese renminbi, Danish krone, Egyptian pound, Hong Kong dollar,
Hungarian forint, Indian rupee, Israeli shekel, Japanese yen, Malaysian ringgit, Mexican peso, Moroccan dirham, New
Zealand dollar, Omani rial, Philippine peso, Polish zloty, Russian ruble, Saudi riyal, Singaporean dollar, South African rand,
South Korean won, Sri Lankan rupee, Swiss franc, Thai baht, Turkish lira, United Arab Emirates dirham, U.K. pound sterling
and Vietnamese dong. All per Class B non-voting share (“Class B share”) amounts in this document are expressed on an
undiluted basis, unless otherwise indicated. The Company’s Audit Committee and its Board of Directors (the “Board”) have
reviewed this MD&A to ensure consistency with the approved strategy and results of the business.
                                                                                         Additional information relating to the
                                                                                         Company, including the Company’s Annual
                                                                                         Information Form, is available on SEDAR+
    8    1. Corporate Overview                                                           at www.sedarplus.ca or on the Company’s
    8    A) The Company                                                                  website www.cclind.com.
    8    B) Customers and Markets
    8    C) Strategy and Financial Targets                                               F O R WA R D - LO O K I N G I N F O R M AT I O N
    11   D) Recent Acquisitions and Dispositions
    11   E) Subsequent Event                                                             This MD&A contains forward-looking information
    12   F) Consolidated Annual Financial Results                                        and forward-looking statements, as defined
    14   G) Seasonality and Fourth Quarter Financial Results                             under applicable securities laws (hereinafter
                                                                                         collectively referred to as “forward-looking
                                                                                         statements”) that involve a number of risks
    17 2. Business Segment Review
                                                                                         and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements
    17 A) General
                                                                                         include all statements that are predictive in
    19 B) CCL Segment                                                                    nature or depend on future events or conditions.
    22 C) Avery                                                                          Forward-looking statements are typically
    23 D) Checkpoint                                                                     identified by, but not limited to, the words
    24 E) Innovia                                                                        “believes,” “expects,” “anticipates,” “estimates,”
                                                                                         “intends,” “plans” or similar expressions.
    25 F) Joint Ventures
                                                                                         Statements regarding the operations, business,
                                                                                         financial condition, priorities, ongoing objectives,
    25 3. Financing and Risk Management
                                                                                         strategies and outlook of the Company, other
    25 A) Liquidity and Capital Resources                                                than statements of historical fact, are forward-
    26 B) Cash Flow                                                                      looking statements. Specifically, this MD&A
    27 C) Interest Rate, Foreign Exchange                                                contains forward-looking statements regarding
          Management and Other Hedges                                                    the anticipated growth in sales, income and
    27 D) Equity and Dividends                                                           profitability of the Company’s segments; the
    28 E) Commitments and Other Contractual Obligations                                  Company’s improvement in market share; the
    29 F) Controls and Procedures                                                        Company’s capital spending levels and planned
                                                                                         capital expenditures in 2026; the adequacy of
                                                                                         the Company’s financial liquidity; the Company’s
    30 4. Risks and Uncertainties
                                                                                         expectation of delivering returns in excess
                                                                                         of its cost of capital; improved return on total
    38 5. Accounting Policies and Non-IFRS Measures
                                                                                         capital, adjusted earnings per share, adjusted
    38 A) Key Performance Indicators and Non-IFRS Measures
                                                                                         EBITDA growth rates and dividend payout; the
    43 B) Accounting Policies                                                            Company’s effective tax rate; the Company’s
    43 C) Critical Accounting Estimates                                                  ongoing business strategy; the Company’s
    43 D) Related Party Transactions                                                     ability to maintain a Net Debt to Adjusted
                                                                                         EBITDA ratio below 3.5 times; the Company’s
    44 6. Outlook                                                                        expectations regarding general business and
                                                                                         economic conditions; the Company’s Corporate
                                                                                         Social Responsibility initiative to enhance the


6         2025 Annual Report
integration of social and environmental objectives into its business operations and strategy; the Company’s expectation
to achieve its overall environmental footprint and waste reduction goals for 2026 and 2030; the Company’s expectation
to engage 75% of suppliers by emission and 20% of customers by revenue set science-based targets; the Company’s
expectation to reduce absolute Scope 1, Scope 2 and Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions 90% by 2050; the Company’s
success in passing on foreign exchange movements and input cost changes, including inflationary costs, to its customer
base; the expectation that Checkpoint will take its share of the rapidly expanding Radio Frequency Identification (“RFID”)
market; the expectation that the CCL Segment’s capacity and technology investments in 2025 and 2026 will position it for
growth and improved profitability in the coming years; the expectation that new business wins for CCL Secure’s polymer
banknote substrate and passport components will drive improved sales volume for 2026; the expectation that Avery’s
direct-to-consumer businesses, plus horticultural operations, will outpace legacy product lines and that further “tuck-in”
acquisitions are possible; Checkpoint’s expectation that there will be strong demand for RFID-related products, including
products beyond retail, and that Checkpoint’s new RFID inlay facility in Mexico will position the Segment to be a leader
in North America; Checkpoint’s expectation that core Merchandise Availability Solutions (“MAS”) and Apparel Labeling
Solutions (“ALS”) apparel production categories will grow and improve profitability in 2026; the expectation that Innovia
will profitably fill capacity of its new thin-gauge film line in Germany; Innovia’s expectation that the new “EcoFloat” shrink
film line in Poland will continue to add volume in 2026, and new coating lines in Mexico and the U.K. will add new product
depth; and the expectation that Innovia will improve 2026 results compared to 2025.
Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. They involve known and unknown risks and
uncertainties relating to future events and conditions, including, but not limited to, the impact of competition; consumer
confidence and spending preferences; general economic and geopolitical conditions; currency exchange rates; interest
rates and credit availability; technological change; changes in government regulations; risks associated with operating
and product hazards; and the Company’s ability to attract and retain qualified employees. Do not unduly rely on forward-
looking statements as the Company’s actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking
statements. Forward-looking statements are also based on a number of assumptions, which may prove to be incorrect,
including, but not limited to, assumptions about the following: higher consumer spending; increased customer demand
for the Company’s products; continued historical growth trends, market growth in specific segments and entering into
new segments; the Company’s ability to provide a wide range of products to multinational customers on a global basis; the
benefits of the Company’s focused strategies and operational approach; the Company’s ability to implement its acquisition
strategy and successfully integrate acquired businesses; the achievement of the Company’s plans for improved efficiency
and lower costs, including the ability to pass on polypropylene resin, aluminum and other inflationary cost increases to its
customers; the availability of cash and credit; fluctuations of currency exchange rates; the Company’s continued relations
with its customers; and general business and economic conditions. Should one or more risks materialize or should any
assumptions prove incorrect, then actual results could vary materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-
looking statements. Further details on key risks can be found throughout this report and particularly in Section 4: “Risks
and Uncertainties.”
Except as otherwise indicated, forward-looking statements do not take into account the effect that transactions or non-
recurring or other special items announced or occurring after the statements are made may have on the business.
Such statements do not, unless otherwise specified by the Company, reflect the impact of dispositions, sales of assets,
monetizations, mergers, acquisitions, other business combinations or transactions, asset write-downs or other charges
announced or occurring after forward-looking statements are made. The financial impact of these transactions and non-
recurring and other special items can be complex and depends on the facts particular to each of them; therefore, the
financial impact cannot be described in a meaningful way in advance of knowing the specific facts.
The forward-looking statements are provided as of the date of this MD&A and the Company does not assume any obligation
to update or revise the forward-looking statements to reflect new events or circumstances, except as required by law.
Unless the context otherwise indicates, a reference to “the Company” means CCL Industries Inc. and its subsidiary
companies and equity-accounted investments.




                                                                                                      2025 Annual Report    7
M A N A G E M E N T ’ S D I S C U S S I O N A N D A N A LY S I S
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 (Tabular amounts in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share data)




1.   C O R P O R AT E OV E RV I E W


A) The Company
Founded in 1951, and publicly listed under its current name since 1980, the Company’s corporate offices are located
in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, and Framingham, Massachusetts, United States, with a regional centre for Asia Pacific
in Singapore. The corporate offices provide executive and centralized services such as finance, accounting, internal
audit, treasury, risk management, legal, tax, human resources, information technology, environmental, health and safety,
sustainability and oversight of operations. The Company employs approximately 26,000 people in 214 production facilities
located in North America, Latin America, Europe, Middle East, Australia, Africa and Asia including an equity investment
in a venture operating five facilities.
The CCL Segment (“CCL”) is the world’s largest converter of pressure sensitive and extruded film materials for a wide
range of decorative, instructional, security and functional applications for government institutions and large global
customers in consumer packaging, healthcare, chemicals, consumer durables, electronic device and automotive markets.
Extruded and labeled plastic tubes, aluminum aerosols and specialty bottles, folded instructional leaflets, specialty
folded cartons, precision engineered and die cut components, electronic displays, polymer banknote substrate and
other complementary products and services are sold in parallel to specific end-use markets. Avery is the world’s largest
supplier of labels, specialty converted media and software solutions to enable short-run digital printing in businesses
and homes alongside complementary products sold through distributors, mass-market stores and e-commerce retailers.
Checkpoint is a leading developer of RF and RFID-based technology systems for enterprise wide inventory accuracy,
reliability and security, including labeling and tagging solutions, for the broad retail, apparel, consumer products and
technology industries worldwide. Innovia is a leading global producer of specialty, high-performance, multi-layer, surface-
engineered films for label, packaging and security applications. The Company partly backward integrates into materials
science, with capabilities in polymer extrusion, adhesive development, coating and lamination, surface engineering and
metallurgy deployed as needed across the four business segments.

B) Customers and Markets
The state of the global economy and geopolitical events can affect consumer demand and customers’ marketing and sales
strategies to promote growth, including the introduction of new products. These factors directly influence the demand
for the Company’s products. Growth expectations generally mirror the trends of each of the markets and product lines
in which the Company’s customers compete and the growth of the economy in each geographic region. The Company
attempts to gain market share in each market and category over time.
The markets served by the CCL Segment are large and diverse, with some sectors highly fragmented, but with few
competitors having the Company’s substantial operating breadth or global reach. Avery has a dominant market-leading
position for its products in North America, Europe and Australia. Checkpoint has significant market positions in all regions
of the world and sells directly to retailers and apparel manufacturers and competes with other global retail labeling
companies. Innovia operates plants in Europe, Mexico and Australia and has additional distribution capabilities in the
United States that sell films to pressure sensitive materials producers, flexible packaging converters and the consumer-
packaged goods industry, while also producing film internally for security and label applications.

C) Strategy and Financial Targets
The Company’s strategy is to increase shareholder value through investment in organic growth and product innovations
around the world, augmented by acquisitions. The Company builds on the strength of its people in marketing, manufacturing
and product development and nurtures strong relationships with its international, national and regional customers and
suppliers. The Company anticipates increasing its market share in most product categories by capitalizing on market
insights and the growth of its customers, and by following developments such as globalization, new product innovation,
sustainability, branding and consumer trends.
The CCL Segment aspires to be the market leader and the highest value-added producer in each customer sector and region
in which it chooses to compete. The primary objective is to invest in growth globally, both organically and by acquisition.
Avery objectives align to its core competencies in label and identity solutions centred on specialty converted media that
enable short-run digital printing in homes and businesses and increasingly using the direct-to-consumer channel, both
organically and by acquisition. Checkpoint focuses on technology-driven loss-prevention and inventory-management and
labeling solutions for the retail, apparel and consumer product industries, inclusive of a rapidly developing RFID product
portfolio. Innovia is a leading global producer of specialty, high-performance, multi-layer, surface-engineered films for
label, packaging and security applications. Innovia also provides significant depth and capability to develop proprietary
films for label applications.



8        2025 Annual Report
The Company’s financial strategy is to be fiscally prudent and conservative. 2025 financial results delivered outstanding
cash flow and a solid balance sheet after investing $441.2 million in capital expenditures to execute global growth initiatives
whilst returning $523.7 million to shareholders in the form of dividends and share buyback. In both good and challenging
economic cycles, such as the prolonged impact of the COVID (“CV19”) pandemic, and geopolitical events such as the
conflicts in the Ukraine and the Middle East, which have dampened consumer demand, destabilized energy, commodity
and currency markets, and resulted in elevated inflationary pressures, the Company has maintained high levels of cash
on hand and unused lines of credit to reduce its financial risk and to provide flexibility when acquisition opportunities are
available. As at December 31, 2025, the Company had $998.2 million of cash on hand and approximately US$1.0 billion of
undrawn capacity on the Company’s unsecured revolving credit facility.
The Company maintains a continuous focus on minimizing its investment in working capital to maximize cash flow in
support of growth in the business. In addition, capital expenditures target the most attractive growth opportunities and are
expected to be accretive to earnings. The Company’s financial discipline and prudent allocation of capital have ensured
sufficient available liquidity and a secure financial foundation for the long-term future.
An important metric used by the investment community as a comparative measure is return on total capital before goodwill
impairment loss, revaluation gain, restructuring and other items, non-cash acquisition accounting adjustments and tax
adjustments (“ROTC,” a non-IFRS measure; see “Key Performance Indicators and Non-IFRS Measures” in Section 5A). The
chart below details performance since 2020. The Company targets delivering returns in excess of its cost of capital. ROTC
of 11.7% for 2025 decreased slightly compared to 2024 due to the solid increase in adjusted net earnings offset by the
increase in capital deployed for capital expenditures over the past two years:
			                               2025		2024		 2023		2022		 2021		 2020
Return on Total Capital		         11.7%		         11.8%		           11.2%		           11.8%		           12.5%		             11.9%

ROTC should increase as the Company deleverages its balance sheet and increases net earnings executing its global
initiatives profitably.
The long-term growth rate of adjusted basic earnings per Class B share (a non-IFRS measure; see “Key Performance
Indicators and Non-IFRS Measures” in Section 5A) is another important financial target. This measure excludes gains on
business dispositions, goodwill impairment loss, non-cash acquisition accounting adjustments to inventory, revaluation
gain, restructuring and other items and tax adjustments. Management believes that, by taking into account the continuing
benefits from the Company’s focused strategies and operational approach, a positive growth rate in adjusted basic
earnings per share is realistic under reasonable economic circumstances.
The Company has achieved significant growth in its annual adjusted basic earnings per share since 2020:
			                               2025		2024		 2023		2022		 2021		 2020
Basic EPS Growth Rate		            (3.0%)         58.2%		          (14.6%)		            5.1%		          12.5%		             10.4%
Adjusted Basic EPS Growth Rate 7.4%		             14.9%		            5.3%		             5.9%		            9.4%		            10.4%

In 2025, adjusted basic earnings increased by 7.4% to $4.64 per Class B share. Improved profitability came from three of the
Company’s four segments, CCL, Checkpoint and Innovia with Avery almost flat. The Company believes continuing growth
in earnings per share is achievable as the Company executes its global business strategies across all of its segments.
The Company will continue to focus on generating cash and effectively utilizing the cash flow generated by operations
and divestitures. Earnings before net finance cost, taxes, depreciation and amortization, excluding goodwill impairment
loss, non-cash acquisition accounting adjustments, earnings in equity-accounted investments, revaluation gain, and
restructuring and other items (“Adjusted EBITDA,” a non-IFRS measure; see “Key Performance Indicators and Non-IFRS
Measures” in Section 5A), is considered a good indicator of cash flow and is used by many financial institutions and
investment advisors to measure operating results and for business valuations.
As a key indicator of cash flow, Adjusted EBITDA demonstrates the Company’s ability to incur or service existing debt, to
invest in capital additions and to take advantage of organic growth opportunities and acquisitions that are accretive to
earnings per share. Historically, the Company has experienced growth in Adjusted EBITDA:
			                               2025		2024		 2023		2022		 2021		 2020
Adjusted EBITDA             $   1,622.5     $   1,497.1      $   1,332.1        $   1,231.4       $   1,173.1      $    1,123.2
% of sales		                        21%             21%		             20%		             19%		             20%		              21%




                                                                                                       2025 Annual Report         9
M A N A G E M E N T ’ S D I S C U S S I O N A N D A N A LY S I S
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 (Tabular amounts in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share data)




In 2025, Adjusted EBITDA increased by approximately 8.4% from 2024, 6.0% excluding the positive impact of foreign
currency translation. The Company’s Adjusted EBITDA margins remain at the top end of the range of its peers. The
Company expects growth in Adjusted EBITDA in the future as the Company executes its international growth initiatives,
managing regional economic volatility, geopolitical challenges in Europe and the Middle East and an evolving precarious
global political backdrop affecting supply chains.
The framework supporting the above performance indicators is an appropriate level of financial leverage. Based on
the dynamics within the specialty packaging industry and the risks that higher leverage may bring, the Company has a
comfort level up to a ceiling of approximately 3.5 times net debt to Adjusted EBITDA with an appropriate deleveraging
and liquidity profile to maintain its investment-grade ratings with Moody’s Investor Service (“Moody’s”) and S&P Global
(“S&P”). As at December 31, 2025, net debt (a non-IFRS measure; see “Key Performance Indicators and Non-IFRS Measures”
in Section 5A) to Adjusted EBITDA was 0.78 times, lower than the 1.08 times at December 31, 2024, reflecting increased
Adjusted EBITDA and a significant reduction in net debt. This leverage level is now well within management’s conservative
approach to financial risk and the Company’s ability to generate strong levels of free cash flow from operations (a non-
IFRS measure; see “Key Performance Indicators and Non-IFRS Measures” in Section 5A). This leverage level also allows the
Company the flexibility to quickly execute its acquisition growth strategy without significantly exposing its credit quality
with the optionality to further increase returns to shareholders through its normal course issuer bid.
The Board does not have a target dividend payout ratio (a non-IFRS measure; see “Key Performance Indicators and Non-IFRS
Measures” in Section 5A). However, the Company has paid dividends quarterly for over forty-five years without omission
or reduction. The Board views this consistency and dividend growth as important factors in enhancing shareholder value.
For 2025, the dividend payout ratio was 28% of adjusted earnings. This dividend payout ratio reflects the significantly
increased cash flows generated by the Company and solid improvement in adjusted earnings in 2025 compared to 2024.
Therefore, after careful review of the current year results and the budgeted cash flow and income for 2026, the Board
has declared a 12.5% increase in the annual dividend: an increase of $0.04 per Class B share per quarter, from $0.32 to
$0.36 per Class B share per quarter ($1.44 per Class B share annualized). Including this increase, the Company has more
than doubled the annualized rate since March 2019.
The Company believes that all of the above targets are mutually compatible and consequently should drive meaningful
shareholder value over time.
The Company’s strategy and ability to grow and achieve attractive returns for its shareholders are shaped by key internal
and external factors that are common to the businesses it operates. The key performance driver is the Company’s
continuous focus on customer service, supported by its reputation for quality manufacturing, competitive pricing, product
innovation, dependability, ethical business practices and financial stability.
The Company updates its financial strategies and its performance against internal benchmarks while considering its
obligations to Corporate Social Responsibility (“CSR”). The Company’s CSR initiative is designed to enhance the integration
of social and environmental concerns into its business operations and strategy as well as interactions with stakeholders.
Since 2019, the Company has been continuing to build up the initiative to align with best practices in the industry with
changes and progress released in an annual Sustainability Report covering material environmental and social responsibility
issues and policies. These reports are made available on the Company’s website at www.cclind.com/sustainability.
		Sustainability: The Company is committed to helping customers meet their targets by developing new products
   while reducing the environmental impact of its manufacturing processes. The Company has set targets to reduce key
   environmental impacts including emissions reductions and waste to landfill diversion.
		Ethics: The Company’s Global Business Ethics Guide, enhanced in 2021 to align with the Company’s Corporate Social
   Responsibility strategy, is its primary policy on workplace practices, human rights, health and safety, ethical conduct
   and fair business practices for all employees. Reviewing the Guide is an important part of new hire training and global
   facilities are audited to ensure all new hires have access to a copy of the ethics guide.
		Health & Safety: The health and safety of the Company’s employees around the world is a top priority. The Company’s
 current Environmental Health & Safety (“EHS”) policy and robust safety reporting programs address the statutory
 requirements of the countries where the Company does business. The EHS policy is reviewed and revised as needed
 as part of the Company’s annual Sustainability Report disclosure. Quarterly reporting of health and safety performance
 statistics to management and the CSR Committee is required.




10       2025 Annual Report
     	Responsible Supply Chains: The Company continues to work with its supply chain partners to reduce the overall
       environmental and social impacts of its products including transportation, secondary packaging and material sourcing.
       Through predictive forecasting and responsive production, the Company is able to drive down lead times and help
       lower inventory throughout the supply chain with the added benefit of reducing waste and obsolescence and lowering
       the effects on the environment. In 2025, the Company published its first Supplier Code of Conduct to ensure that the
       Company’s suppliers adhere to the appropriate standard of safety, fair treatment of employees, ethical practices and
       environmental stewardship.
  Circular Innovation: The Company’s product innovation teams work directly with customers to create sustainable
		
  products enabling the circularity of customers’ primary packaging while supporting end consumer sensitivity to
  reduce waste in the environment and reduce overall environmental impacts.

D) Recent Acquisitions and Dispositions
The Company is globally deployed with significant diversification across the world economy including emerging markets,
a broad customer base, distinct product lines and many different currencies.
The Company continues to deploy its cash flow from operations into its core segments with both internal capital
investments and strategic acquisitions. The following acquisitions were completed over the last two years:
•	In October 2025, the Company acquired IDESCO Holding Corporation (“IDESCO”) and IDSecurityonline.com, LLC, a
   provider of secure badging and identification solutions based in Manhattan, New York, for approximately $19.1 million,
   net of cash acquired. It has been integrated into the Avery Segment.
•	In June 2025, the Company acquired Humphreys Holdings Limited, doing business as We Print Lanyards (”WPL”), based
   in Long Eaton, United Kingdom for approximately $5.5 million, net of cash acquired. WPL’s product suite has been
   integrated into the Avery Segment’s growing portfolio of access control, badging and credential technologies.
•	In June 2024, the Company acquired the remaining 50% interest in its Middle East label joint venture, Pacman-CCL
   (“Pacman”), for approximately $142.9 million, net of cash acquired. The business commenced trading as CCL Label,
   with its results fully consolidated subsequent to the acquisition.
The acquisitions completed over the past few years, in conjunction with the building of new plants around the world,
have positioned the CCL Segment as the global leader for labels in the personal care, healthcare, food and beverage,
durables, security and specialty categories. Avery is the world’s largest supplier of labels, specialty converted media, and
software solutions to enable short-run digital printing in businesses and homes alongside complementary office products.
Checkpoint has added technology-driven loss-prevention, inventory-management and labeling solutions, including RF and
RFID-based systems, to the retail and apparel industries. Innovia provides vertical integration, driving the Company deeper
into polymer sciences, enhancing the development of proprietary products, including recent investments in sustainably
oriented films for its customers.

E)    Subsequent Events
Prior to the release of the 2025 annual financial statements, the Company announced the following:
•	In January 2026, the Company signed a binding agreement to acquire Advanced Safety Technologies B.V. and its
   subsidiaries d.b.a. ALT Technologies (“ALT”), a label producer for automotive and industrial markets, for an estimated
   $32.0 million on a debt free basis. Closing is expected during the second quarter of 2026 following regulatory approvals.
•	The Board of Directors has declared a dividend of $0.36 per Class B non-voting share and $0.3575 per Class A
   voting share, which will be payable to shareholders of record at the close of business on March 17, 2026, to be paid on
   March 31, 2026.




                                                                                                     2025 Annual Report   11
M A N A G E M E N T ’ S D I S C U S S I O N A N D A N A LY S I S
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 (Tabular amounts in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share data)




F)   Consolidated Annual Financial Results

Selected Financial Information

Results of Consolidated Operations
                                                                                                    2025                2024           2023
Sales                                                                                        $ 7,663.8            $   7,245.0    $   6,649.6
Cost of sales                                                                                  5,367.6                5,107.3        4,735.2
Gross profit                                                                                     2,296.2              2,137.7        1,914.4
Selling, general and administrative expenses                                                     1,138.9              1,073.0          985.6
                                                                                                 1,157.3              1,064.7         928.8
Earnings in equity-accounted investments                                                             5.6                 18.9          17.9
Net finance cost                                                                                   (71.2)               (75.0)        (78.0)
Revaluation gain                                                                                      —                  78.1            —
Goodwill impairment loss                                                                              —                    —          (95.0)
Restructuring and other items                                                                      (10.5)                (5.5)        (42.8)
Earnings before income taxes                                                                     1,081.2              1,081.2         730.9
Income taxes                                                                                       278.8                238.1         200.7
Net earnings                                                                                 $     802.4          $    843.1     $    530.2
Basic earnings per Class B share                                                             $       4.59         $     4.73     $     2.99
Diluted earnings per Class B share                                                           $       4.57         $     4.70     $     2.95
Adjusted basic earnings per Class B share                                                    $       4.64         $     4.32     $     3.76
Dividends per Class B share                                                                  $       1.28         $     1.16     $     1.06
Total assets                                                                                 $ 10,101.5           $   9,859.1    $   8,924.2
Total non-current liabilities                                                                $ 2,184.5            $   3,067.9    $   2,884.1

Comments on Consolidated Results
Sales were $7,663.8 million for 2025, an increase of 5.8% compared to $7,245.0 million recorded in 2024. This increase
in sales is attributable to organic growth of 2.5%, acquisition-related growth of 0.7% and 2.6% positive impact of foreign
currency translation.
Consistent with 2024, approximately 98% of the Company’s 2025 sales to end-use customers were denominated in foreign
currencies. Consequently, changes in foreign exchange rates can have a material impact on sales and profitability when
translated into Canadian dollars for public reporting. The appreciation of the U.S. dollar, euro, U.K. pound, Chinese renminbi,
and Thai baht by 2.0%, 6.5%, 5.2%, 2.2%, and 9.3% respectively, was partially offset by a 1.9%, and 2.9% depreciation of
the Brazilian real and Mexican peso, respectively, relative to the Canadian dollar in 2025 compared to average exchange
rates in 2024.
Selling, general and administrative expenses (“SG&A”) were $1,138.9 million for 2025, compared to $1,073.0 million
reported in 2024. The increase in SG&A expenses in 2025 relates to general increases across all business segments
of the Company and most notably the impact of the acquisition of Pacman. Corporate expenses for 2025 increased to
$84.2 million, compared to $77.6 million for 2024, primarily due to increased long-term variable compensation expense
as the Company completed the second year of a three year plan.
During 2024 the Company recorded a revaluation gain of $78.1 million in conjunction with the acquisition of the final
50% equity interest in Pacman in early June 2024. In accordance with IFRS 3 – Business Combinations, the Company was
required to re-measure to fair value its previously held 50% interest in Pacman at the acquisition date resulting in the
recognition of the aforementioned non-cash revaluation gain through net earnings.
Operating income (a non-IFRS measure; see “Key Performance Indicators and Non-IFRS Measures” in Section 5A) for
2025 was $1,241.5 million, an increase of 8.7% compared to $1,142.3 million for 2024. Foreign currency translation was a
2.3% positive impact to consolidated operating income for 2025 compared to 2024. The CCL, Checkpoint and Innovia
Segments increased operating income compared to 2024, while Avery declined slightly. Further details on the business
segments follow later in this report.


12       2025 Annual Report
Adjusted EBITDA in 2025 was $1,622.5 million, an improvement of 8.4% compared to $1,497.1 million recorded in 2024.
Excluding the impact of foreign currency translation, the increase was 6.0% over the prior year.
Net finance cost was $71.2 million for 2025, compared to $75.0 million for 2024. The 5.1% decrease in net finance cost can
primarily be attributed to an increase in finance income for 2025 compared to 2024.
For the full year 2025, restructuring costs and other items represented an expense of $10.5 million ($8.0 million after tax)
as follows:
•	Restructuring and other items of $10.5 million ($8.0 million after tax), primarily related to severance charges for Avery,
   Checkpoint and CCL Design.
The negative earnings impact of the restructuring and other items in 2025 was $0.05 per Class B share.
For the full year 2024, restructuring costs and other items represented an expense of $5.5 million ($4.8 million after tax)
as follows:
•	Restructuring expenses of $3.3 million ($2.6 million after tax), primarily related to severance charges in the CCL
   Segment.
• Acquisition transaction costs totaled $2.2 million ($2.2 million after tax), associated with the Pacman acquisition.
The negative earnings impact of the restructuring and other items in 2024 was $0.03 per Class B share.
In 2025, the consolidated effective tax rate was 25.9%, compared to 22.4% in 2024, excluding earnings in equity-accounted
investments. The combined Canadian federal and provincial statutory tax rate was 25.5% for 2025 (2024 – 25.5%). The
notable increase in the effective tax rate can primarily be attributed to the $78.1 million non-taxable revaluation gain
included in the 2024 results.
Approximately 98% of the Company’s sales are to customers outside of Canada, and the income from these foreign
operations is subject to varying rates of taxation. The Company’s effective tax rate is also affected from year to year due
to the level of income in the various countries, recognition or reversal of tax losses, tax reassessments and income and
expense items not subject to tax.
Net earnings for 2025 decreased 4.8% to $802.4 million, compared to $843.1 million recorded in 2024 due to the items
described above.
Basic earnings per Class B share were $4.59 for 2025 compared to $4.73 recorded for 2024. Diluted earnings per Class B
share were $4.57 for 2025 and $4.70 for 2024. The aforementioned revaluation gain increased basic earnings by $0.44 per
Class B share in 2024. The movement in foreign currency exchange rates in 2025 compared to 2024 had a positive impact
on the translation of the Company’s adjusted basic earnings of $0.10 per Class B share. The diluted weighted average
number of shares was 175.7 million for 2025, compared to 179.5 million for 2024.
Adjusted basic earnings per Class B share was $4.64 for 2025, up 7.4% from $4.32 in 2024.
As of December 31, 2025, the Company had 11.7 million Class A voting shares and 161.5 million Class B non-voting shares
issued and outstanding. In addition, the Company had outstanding 0.5 million restricted stock units to issue 0.5 million
Class B non-voting shares under the Restricted Stock Unit Plan, 0.1 million restricted stock units to issue 0.1 million Class B
non-voting shares under the 2019 Long Term Retention Plan (collectively, the “RSUs”) and 0.3 million deferred share units
(“DSU”) outstanding to issue 0.3 million Class B non-voting shares. Lastly, the Company has a performance stock unit
(“PSU”) plan to issue up to 1.6 million Class B non-voting shares to participants, provided the financial performance criteria
have been achieved and the participants are still employed by the Company.




                                                                                                       2025 Annual Report   13
M A N A G E M E N T ’ S D I S C U S S I O N A N D A N A LY S I S
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 (Tabular amounts in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share data)




G) Seasonality and Fourth Quarter Financial Results
                                                       Unaudited            Unaudited            Unaudited            Unaudited
2025                                                     Qtr 1                Qtr 2                 Qtr 3               Qtr 4           Year
Sales
  CCL                                              $   1,200.3          $   1,229.7          $   1,260.6          $   1,192.1     $   4,882.7
  Avery                                                  258.8                266.1                279.3                258.0         1,062.2
  Checkpoint                                             241.1                255.5                255.3                260.2         1,012.1
  Innovia                                                186.9                183.3                170.7                165.9           706.8
Total sales                                        $   1,887.1          $   1,934.6          $   1,965.9          $   1,876.2     $   7,663.8
Segment operating income
  CCL                                              $     200.3          $     204.3          $     216.3          $     173.2     $    794.1
  Avery                                                   52.2                 50.6                 53.1                 54.7          210.6
  Checkpoint                                              37.3                 43.5                 38.8                 42.9          162.5
  Innovia                                                 27.1                 23.7                 13.6                  9.9           74.3
Operating income                                         316.9                322.1                321.8                280.7         1,241.5
Corporate expenses                                        22.7                 21.8                 21.4                 18.3            84.2
Restructuring and other items                              0.8                  0.7                  1.6                  7.4            10.5
Earnings in equity-accounted investments                  (0.5)                (2.2)                (1.8)                (1.1)           (5.6)
                                                         293.9                301.8                300.6                256.1         1,152.4
Finance cost, net                                         18.5                 17.3                 18.2                 17.2            71.2
Earnings before income taxes                             275.4                284.5                282.4                238.9         1,081.2
Income taxes                                              68.0                 71.4                 71.6                 67.8           278.8
Net earnings                                       $     207.4          $     213.1          $     210.8          $     171.1     $    802.4
Per Class B share
Basic earnings                                     $       1.18         $       1.21         $       1.21         $       0.99    $     4.59
Diluted earnings                                   $       1.17         $       1.21         $       1.20         $       0.99    $     4.57
Adjusted basic earnings                            $       1.18         $       1.22         $       1.21         $       1.03    $     4.64




14       2025 Annual Report
                                               Unaudited         Unaudited         Unaudited         Unaudited
2024                                             Qtr 1             Qtr 2             Qtr 3             Qtr 4                Year
Sales
  CCL                                      $   1,094.1       $   1,139.8       $   1,152.5       $   1,116.2       $    4,502.6
  Avery                                          252.8             276.9             279.7             239.7            1,049.1
  Checkpoint                                     224.7             244.3             240.5             277.4              986.9
  Innovia                                        165.6             184.6             177.0             179.2              706.4
Total sales                                $   1,737.2       $   1,845.6       $   1,849.7       $   1,812.5       $    7,245.0
Segment operating income
  CCL                                      $     177.6       $     190.8       $     179.2       $     166.1       $        713.7
  Avery                                           51.0              60.7              55.2              44.6                211.5
  Checkpoint                                      37.0              36.7              36.7              40.5                150.9
  Innovia                                         16.4              15.3              17.8              16.7                 66.2
Operating income                                 282.0             303.5             288.9             267.9            1,142.3
Corporate expenses                                19.8              22.8              17.0              18.0               77.6
Revaluation gain                                    —              (78.1)               —                 —               (78.1)
Restructuring and other items                       —                2.1               2.2               1.2                5.5
Earnings in equity-accounted investments          (8.3)             (5.0)             (2.7)             (2.9)             (18.9)
                                                 270.5             361.7             272.4             251.6            1,156.2
Finance cost, net                                 18.0              18.6              19.3              19.1               75.0
Earnings before income taxes                     252.5             343.1             253.1             232.5            1,081.2
Income taxes                                      60.4              63.6              61.4              52.7              238.1
Net earnings                               $     192.1       $     279.5       $     191.7       $     179.8       $        843.1
Per Class B share
Basic earnings                             $       1.08      $       1.56      $       1.08      $       1.01      $         4.73
Diluted earnings                           $       1.07      $       1.55      $       1.07      $       1.01      $         4.70
Adjusted basic earnings                    $       1.08      $       1.13      $       1.09      $       1.02      $         4.32

Fourth Quarter Results
Sales for the fourth quarter of 2025 increased 3.5% to $1,876.2 million, compared to $1,812.5 million recorded in the 2024
fourth quarter. This increase was due to organic growth of 0.6%, acquisition-related growth of 0.2%, and a positive impact
from foreign currency translation of 2.7%. The CCL and Avery Segments recorded organic sales growth rates of 3.6% and
3.8%, respectively, while Checkpoint and Innovia posted organic declines of 8.1% and 9.1%, respectively. Organic growth
at the CCL Segment was driven by strong results in Healthcare & Specialty and CCL Design partly offset by declines in
Home & Personal Care and Food & Beverage. Avery sales increased on strong demand in the direct-to-consumer category
globally, more than offsetting weakness in certain legacy categories in North America. Checkpoint’s improved results were
driven by strong profitability improvements for ALS in all regions driven by strength in RFID, strong demand for MAS in
Europe offsetting reduced results in North America which was impacted by tariff-related challenges. Underlying results
for Innovia were solid for the quarter, albeit negatively impacted by reduced volumes especially in North America and
significant startup costs at the new facility in Germany that drove the vast majority of the decline in profitability. Innovia
realized productivity gains in the U.K. and continued volume growth for EcoFloat in Poland.
Operating income in the fourth quarter of 2025 increased 4.8% to $280.7 million, compared to $267.9 million in the fourth
quarter of 2024. For the fourth quarter of 2025, the CCL Segment, Avery and Checkpoint improved operating income
4.3%, 22.6% and 5.9%, respectively, partly offset by a decline for Innovia of 40.7% which was impacted by start-up losses
for the new facility in Germany.
Corporate expenses were $18.3 million in the fourth quarter of 2025, compared to $18.0 million recorded in the prior-year
period. The increase in corporate costs is principally attributable to an increase in long-term variable compensation for
the comparable periods.




                                                                                                       2025 Annual Report       15
M A N A G E M E N T ’ S D I S C U S S I O N A N D A N A LY S I S
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 (Tabular amounts in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share data)




Adjusted EBITDA increased 6.1% to $383.6 million for the fourth quarter of 2025 compared to $361.6 million for the 2024
comparable period. Adjusted EBITDA increased due to the improvements in the CCL, Avery and Checkpoint segments
partially offset by a decline at Innovia.
Net finance cost was $17.2 million for the fourth quarter of 2025 compared to $19.1 million for the fourth quarter of 2024
reflecting an increase in finance income for the comparative quarters.
For the fourth quarter of 2025, restructuring costs and other items represented an expense of $7.4 million ($5.5 million
after tax) as follows:
• Restructuring expenses primarily related to severance charges in Avery.
The negative earnings impact of the restructuring and other items for the 2025 fourth quarter was $0.04 per Class B share.
For the fourth quarter of 2024, restructuring costs and other items represented an expense of $1.2 million ($1.0 million
after tax) as follows:
• Restructuring expenses primarily related to severance charges in the CCL Segment.
The negative earnings impact of the restructuring and other items for the 2024 fourth quarter was $0.01 per Class B share.
Tax expense in the fourth quarter of 2025 was $67.8 million, resulting in an effective tax rate of 28.5% compared to
$52.7 million and an effective tax rate of 22.9% in the prior-year period. The increase in the effective tax rate for the fourth
quarter of 2025 can principally be attributed to an increase in withholding taxes of $10.1 million as well as higher proportion
of taxable income being earned in higher taxed jurisdictions in the period compared to the fourth quarter of 2024.
Net earnings in the fourth quarter of 2025 were $171.1 million, compared to net earnings of $179.8 million in the fourth
quarter of 2024 due to the items noted above.
Basic earnings per Class B share were $0.99 in the fourth quarter of 2025, compared to $1.01 in the fourth quarter of 2024.
The movement in foreign currency exchange rates in the fourth quarter of 2025 compared to the fourth quarter of 2024
had a positive impact of $0.04 on basic earnings per Class B share.
Adjusted basic earnings per Class B share improved 1.0% to $1.03 for the fourth quarter of 2025, compared to $1.02 in
the corresponding quarter of 2024.

Summary of Seasonality and Quarterly Results
For the CCL Segment and Innovia, the first and second quarters are generally the strongest due to the number of workdays
and various customer-related activities. Also, there are many products that have a spring-summer bias in North America
and Europe such as horticultural labels, agricultural chemicals and certain beverage products, which generate additional
sales volumes for the Company in the first half of the year. The polymer banknote business within the CCL Segment
experiences intra-quarter variations in sales influenced by central banks’ reorder volatility. For Avery, the third quarter has
historically been its strongest as it benefits from increased demand related to back-to-school activities in North America,
although the impact is expected to diminish in future periods on secular declines in low-margin ring binder sales and the
expansion of Avery’s direct-to-consumer businesses that do not have this seasonal bias. For Checkpoint, the second half
of the calendar year is healthier as the business substantially follows the retail cycle of its customers, which traditionally
experiences more consumer activity from September through to the end of the year and prepares for the same in its supply
chain from mid-year on. Checkpoint’s year-over-year comparative quarterly results often include one-time large chain-
wide, customer-driven hardware installations that strengthen future reoccurring label revenues. New RFID applications
are also developing in the food, logistics, consumer products and healthcare markets. Sales in the final quarter of the
year are negatively affected in North America by Thanksgiving and globally by the Christmas and New Year holiday season
shutdowns.
Sales and net earnings comparability between the quarters of 2025 and 2024 were impacted by regional economic
variances, the impact of foreign currency changes relative to the Canadian dollar, the impact of volatile energy and
commodity markets stemming from geopolitical issues in Europe and the Middle East, supply chain challenges, the
impact of global trade tensions, the timing of acquisitions, the effect of restructuring initiatives, the impact of central
bank reorder patterns, the uptick in electronics markets, the demand in the pressure sensitive materials industry, tax
adjustments and other items. The CCL Segment posted organic growth every quarter of 2025 compared to the same
periods in 2024, principally driven by demand improvements for CCL Design electronics and Home & Personal Care
markets. Geographically, gains in Latin America, Asia and Middle East outperformed other markets. Within CCL Secure,
postage stamp sales were down while passport components increased and the polymer banknote business improved
globally. For Avery, in North America the direct-to-consumer label, name & event badge, wristbands and horticultural
categories improved comparatively, in almost every quarter, to each quarter of 2024. Back-to-school results were impacted


16       2025 Annual Report
by tariff challenges and declined compared to the 2024 second and third quarters. Checkpoint recorded year-over-year
quarterly improvements in operating income, however in North America the MAS category was negatively impacted by
unrecovered tariff costs and slow sales while Europe and Asia outperformed. ALS profitability was solid quarterly for 2025
driven by gains in RFID-related products. Innovia also posted year-over-year quarterly profitability improvements in its
legacy operations for the first three quarters of the year, however start-up losses for the new plant in Germany significantly
reduced results in the final two quarters of 2025.


2. BUSINESS SEGMENT REVIEW


A) General
All divisions of the Company invest capital and management effort to develop world-class manufacturing operations,
with spending allocated to geographic expansion, cost-reduction projects, the development of innovative products and
processes, the maintenance and expansion of existing capacity and the continuous improvement in health and safety in the
workplace, including environmental management. The Company also makes strategic acquisitions for global competitive
advantage, servicing large customers, taking advantage of new geographic markets, finding adjacent and new product
opportunities, developing new customer segments, building infrastructure and improving operating performance. Avery,
Checkpoint and the CCL Design business within the CCL Segment are less capital intensive as a percentage of sales than
the Company’s other businesses. Further discussion on capital spending is provided in the individual segment discussion
sections below.
Although each segment is a leader in market share or has a significant position in the markets it serves in each of its
operating locales, it also generally operates in a mature and competitive environment. For a number of years, consumer
products and healthcare companies have experienced steady pressure to maintain or even reduce prices to their major
retail and distribution channels, which has driven significant consolidation in the Company’s customer base. This has
resulted in many customers seeking supply chain efficiencies and cost savings in order to maintain profit margins. Volatile
commodity costs, including inflationary pressures and cooling periods can create challenges to manage pricing with
customers. These dynamics have been an ongoing challenge for the Company and its competitors, requiring greater
management and financial control and flexible cost structures. Unlike some of its competitors, the Company has the
financial strength to invest in the equipment and innovation necessary to constantly strive to be the highest value-added
producer in the markets that it serves.
The cost of many of the key raw material inputs for the Company, such as plastic films and resins, paper, specialty chemicals
and aluminum, are largely dependent on the supply and demand economics within the petrochemical, energy and base
metals industries and lately the impact of tariffs. Checkpoint purchases component parts including circuit boards, memory
chips and other electronic modules from third parties. The significant cost fluctuations for these inputs can have an impact
on the Company’s profitability. The Company generally has the ability, due to its size and the use of long-term relationships
with both suppliers and customers, to mitigate volatility in purchased costs and, where necessary, to pass these on to
the market in higher product prices. However, Innovia and parts of the CCL Segment can experience delays in price
adjustments, up or down, to customers due to the nature of their respective relationships and contractual pricing terms.
Innovia’s pricing mechanisms are more complex, involving multiple indices for polypropylene used by customers and
suppliers and differing terms in customer agreements when trigger points are arrived at for price changes. The success
of the Company is dependent on each business managing the cost-and-price equation with suppliers and customers.
A driver across the Company for maximizing operating profitability is the discipline of pricing customer agreements based
on size and complexity, including consideration for fluctuations in raw materials and packaging costs, manufacturing run
lengths and available capacity. This approach facilitates effective asset utilization and relatively higher levels of profitability.
Performance is generally measured by product against estimates used to calculate pricing, including targets for scrap
and output efficiency. An analysis of total utilization versus capacity available per production line or facility is also used
to manage certain divisions of the business. In most of the Company’s operations, the measurement of each sales order
shipped is based on actual selling prices and production costs to calculate the amount of actual profit margin earned
and its return on sales relative to the established benchmarks. This process ensures that pricing policies and production
performance are aligned in attaining profit margin targets by order, by plant and by division.
Management believes it has both the financial and non-financial resources, internal controls and reporting systems and
processes in place to execute its strategic plan, to manage its key performance drivers and to deliver targeted financial
results over time. In addition, the Company’s internal audit function provides another discipline to ensure that its disclosure
controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting will be assessed on a regular basis against current
corporate standards of effectiveness and compliance.




                                                                                                           2025 Annual Report    17
M A N A G E M E N T ’ S D I S C U S S I O N A N D A N A LY S I S
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 (Tabular amounts in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share data)




The Company is not particularly dependent upon specialized manufacturing equipment. Most of the technology employed
by the production sites can be sourced from multiple suppliers. The Company, however, has the resources to invest in
large-scale projects to build infrastructure in current and new markets because of its financial strength relative to that of
many of its competitors. Direct competitors in parts of the CCL Segment are often smaller or highly leveraged and may not
have the financial resources to stay current in maintaining state-of-the-art facilities. Certain new manufacturing lines take
many months for suppliers to construct, and any delays in delivery and commissioning can have an impact on customer
expectations and the Company’s profitability. Innovia, in addition to its unique method for producing some of its films
for label and packaging applications, also provides the Company with the know-how and material science capability to
develop proprietary substrates. Finally, the Company also uses strategic partnerships as a method of obtaining exclusive
technology in order to support growth plans and to expand its product offerings. The Company’s major competitive
advantage is based on its strong customer service, process technology, the know-how of its people, market-leading
brand awareness and loyalty, and the ability to develop proprietary technologies and manufacturing techniques. During
2022, the Company commenced operations of its new proprietary “EcoFloat” shrink films manufacturing line. This hybrid
polyolefin film facilitates easy separation from primary bottle packaging to aid customers’ bottle-to-bottle circular recycling
initiatives globally. During the second quarter of 2025, the Company started operations for its new film manufacturing
plant in Germany that produces thin-gauge sustainable film for the labels materials industry.
The expertise of the Company’s employees is a key element in achieving the Company’s business plans. This know-how
is broadly distributed throughout the world; therefore, the Company is generally not at risk of losing its competency
through the loss of any particular employee or group of employees. Employee skills develop through on-the-job training
and external technical education, enhanced by the Company’s entrepreneurial culture of considering creative alternative
applications and processes for its products.
The nature of the research carried out by the CCL Segment can be characterized as application or process development.
The Company spends meaningful resources on assisting customers to develop new and innovative products. While
customers regularly come to CCL with concepts and request assistance to develop products, the Company also takes its
own new ideas to the market. Proprietary information is protected by confidentiality agreements and by limiting access to
its manufacturing facilities. The Company values the importance of protecting its customers’ brands and products from
fraudulent use and, consequently, is selective in choosing appropriate customer and supplier relationships.
Avery has a strong commitment to understanding its ultimate end users, actively seeking product feedback and using
consumer focus groups to drive product development initiatives. Furthermore, it leverages the wider Company’s
technology to deliver product innovation that aligns with consumer trends for digitally imaged labels, cards, badges and
wristbands. Avery has also invested in many direct-to-consumer businesses globally and encourages the cross-pollination
of unique products and best practices.
Checkpoint has always been an innovator in its industry, with a strong dedication to research and development activities.
It was a pioneer of RF electronic-article-surveillance hardware and consumables. Checkpoint has made further advances
with the active enhancement and deployment of RFID solutions, including inventory management software, to the broad
retail industry where apparel has been the largest adopter. New RFID applications are also developing in the food, logistics,
consumer products and healthcare markets.
Innovia maintains a world-class research and development centre specifically dedicated to the support of films for label,
security and packaging applications. The new discoveries and product enhancements generated from this centre are
deployed globally, sometimes benefitting downstream businesses such as CCL Secure and CCL Label.
The Company continues to invest time and capital to upgrade and expand its information technology systems and security.
This investment is critical to keeping pace with customer requirements and gaining or maintaining a competitive edge.
Software packages are, in general, off-the-shelf systems customized to meet the needs of individual business locations.
The CCL Segment, Avery, Checkpoint and Innovia communicate with many customers and suppliers electronically,
particularly with regard to supply-chain-management solutions and when transferring and confirming design formats
and colours. A core attribute of Avery’s printable media products is the customized software to enable short-run digital
printing in businesses and homes. Avery recognizes that it is critical to develop its software solutions to maintain its
market-leading position with consumers. Avery launched WePrint™, expanding its direct-to-consumer software solutions,
and acquired the e-commerce platforms of 23 companies over the past twelve years, to leverage acquired digital printing
software into the pre-existing Avery suite.
Avery products are most often sold under the market-leading Avery brand, with equal prominence in German-speaking
countries, the Zweckform brand and, within Brazil, the Adelbras brand. At Checkpoint, products are predominantly sold
under the Checkpoint brand and, for retail merchandising products in Europe and Asia Pacific, the Meto brand. The
Company recognizes that in order to maintain the pre-eminent positions for Avery, Zweckform, Adelbras, Checkpoint and



18       2025 Annual Report
Meto, it must continually invest in promoting these brands. Product quality, innovation and performance are recognized
attributes for the success of these brands.
The Company’s emissions reduction targets were finalized and verified by the Science-Based Targets Initiative in
March 2025. These goals will guide our Company’s sustainability priorities for the next twenty-five years.
CCL Industries, Inc. has committed to:
• Reduce absolute Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions 50% by 2030 from a 2022 base year,
• Engage 75% of suppliers by emissions and 20% of customers by revenue to set science-based targets by 2029,
•	Reduce absolute Scope 1, Scope 2 and Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions 90% by 2050 from a 2022 base year, thereby
   reaching net-zero greenhouse gas emissions across the value chain by 2050.
You can read more in the Company’s Sustainability Report for 2024. The 2025 report will be published during the first
half of 2026.

Business Segment Results
                                                                                                                 2025                2024
Segment sales
  CCL                                                                                                      $   4,882.7      $    4,502.6
  Avery                                                                                                        1,062.2           1,049.1
  Checkpoint                                                                                                   1,012.1             986.9
  Innovia                                                                                                        706.8             706.4
Total sales                                                                                                $   7,663.8      $    7,245.0
Operating income*
 CCL                                                                                                       $    794.1       $        713.7
 Avery                                                                                                          210.6                211.5
 Checkpoint                                                                                                     162.5                150.9
 Innovia                                                                                                         74.3                 66.2
Operating income                                                                                           $   1,241.5      $    1,142.3

* This is a non-IFRS measure. Refer to “Key Performance Indicators and Non-IFRS Measures” in Section 5A.


Comments on Business Segments
The above summary includes the results of acquisitions on reported sales and operating income from the date of
acquisition.

B) CCL Segment
There are five customer sectors inside the CCL Segment. The Company trades in three of them as CCL Label (with
Label substituted, as relevant, for Tube and Container product lines) and one each as CCL Design and CCL Secure. The
differentiated CCL sub-branding points to the nature of the application for the final product. The sectors have many
common or overlapping customers, process technologies, information technology systems, raw material suppliers and
operational infrastructures. CCL Label supplies innovative specialized label, plastic tube, aluminum aerosol and specialty
bottle solutions to Home & Personal Care and Food & Beverage companies. It also supplies regulated and complex
multi-layer labels and specialty folding cartons for major pharmaceutical, consumer medicine, medical instrument and
industrial or consumer chemical customers referred to as the Healthcare & Specialty business. CCL Design supplies long-
life, high-performance labels and complex engineered parts to automotive, electronics and durable goods companies.
CCL Secure supplies polymer banknote substrate, pressure sensitive stamps, passport components, ID cards and other
security documents to government institutions.
The Segment’s product lines include pressure sensitive labels, shrink sleeves, stretch sleeves, in-mould labels, precision
printed and die cut metal, glass and plastic components, expanded content labels, pharmaceutical instructional leaflets,
specialty folded cartons, graphic security features, extruded or labeled plastic tubes, aluminum aerosols or specialty
bottles and printed polymer security film substrates. It currently operates 156 production facilities, located in Canada,
the United States (including Puerto Rico), Argentina, Australia, Austria, Brazil, Chile, China, Denmark, Egypt, France,
Germany, Hungary, India, Indonesia, Israel, Ireland, Italy, Korea, Malaysia, Mexico, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Oman,


                                                                                                                2025 Annual Report       19
M A N A G E M E N T ’ S D I S C U S S I O N A N D A N A LY S I S
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 (Tabular amounts in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share data)




Pakistan, Philippines, Poland, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, South Africa, Spain, Switzerland, Thailand, Turkey, United
Arab Emirates, the United Kingdom and Vietnam. Five of these plants are connected to the equity investments in CCL-
Kontur which are included in the above locations.
This segment’s industry is made up of a very large number of competitors that manufacture a vast array of decorative,
product information, identification and security label-type applications. The Company believes that CCL is one of the
largest consolidated operators in most of its defined global market sectors. Competition often comes from single-plant
businesses, invariably owned by private operators who compete with the Segment in local markets. There are also a
number of multi-plant competitors in certain regions of the world and a handful of specialists in a single market segment
globally. However, there are few major competitors with the product breadth, global reach and scale of the CCL Segment.
The Company has completed numerous label business acquisitions, strategic joint ventures and greenfield start-ups
geographically and added new product offerings to position CCL Label as a global leader in the Home & Personal Care,
Food & Beverage and Healthcare & Specialty end markets. CCL Design is an equally significant financial and geographic
market for the CCL Segment, principally focused on the automotive, electronics and durable goods markets. The high-
security, specialized polymer banknote, passport, postage stamp and government document printing operations form
an integral part of CCL Secure.
CCL produces labels predominantly from polyolefin films and paper partly sourced from extruding, coating and laminating
companies, using raw materials primarily from the petrochemical and paper industries. CCL also coats and laminates
pressure sensitive materials in house and is generally able to mitigate the cost volatility of third-party-sourced materials
due to a combination of purchasing leverage, agreements with suppliers and its ability to pass on these cost increases to
customers. In the label industry, price changes regularly occur as specifications are constantly changed by marketers and,
as a result, the selling prices of these labels are updated, reflecting current market costs and new shapes and designs.
CCL’s global customers expect a full range of product offerings in more geographic regions, further integration into their
supply chain at a global level and protection of their brands, particularly in markets where counterfeiting is rife. These
requirements put many of the Segment’s competitors at a disadvantage, as do the investment hurdles for infrastructure,
converting equipment and technologies to deliver products, services and innovations. Having trusted and reliable suppliers
is an important consideration for global consumer product companies, major pharmaceutical companies, OEMs in the
durable goods business and, of course, central banks. This is even more important in an uncertain economic environment
when many smaller competitors may encounter difficulties and customers want to ensure their suppliers are financially
viable.
CCL considers customers’ demand levels, particularly in North America and Western Europe, to be reasonably mature
and, as such, will continue to focus its expansion plans on innovative and higher growth and value-added product lines
within those geographies, with a view to improving overall profitability. In Asia, Latin America and other emerging markets,
a higher level of economic growth is still expected over the coming years, despite the slower conditions experienced in
the past few years. This should provide opportunities for the Segment to improve market share and increase profitability
in these regions. Furthermore, there is close alignment of label demand to consumer staples, with the exception of CCL
Design and CCL Secure, which are completely aligned to the automotive, electronics and durable goods industries, and to
government institutions and central banks, respectively. Management believes the Segment will attain the sales volumes,
geographic distribution and reach mirroring those of its customers over the next few years through its focused strategy
and by capitalizing on following customer trends.




20       2025 Annual Report
CCL Segment Financial Performance
                                                                                      2025         % Growth                  2024
Sales                                                                         $     4,882.7               8.4%      $    4,502.6
Operating income                                                              $       794.1              11.3%      $      713.7
Return on sales                                                                        16.3%                                15.9%

Sales in the CCL Segment for 2025 increased 8.4% to $4,882.7 million, compared to $4,502.6 million in 2024, due to
organic growth of 4.9%, acquisition-related growth of 0.9% and 2.6% positive impact from foreign currency translation.
Sales in 2025 for North America were up low single digit, excluding the impact of currency translation, compared to 2024.
Home & Personal Care sales growth was driven by strong demand for aluminum containers and pass through of significant
cost increases including tariffs for aluminum supply; modest organic growth for tubes offsetting modest organic decline
for labels; profitability improved across all three categories. Healthcare & Specialty results were solid overall, with gains
in Ag-Chem markets, especially in the consumer lawn and garden space, and good demand for pharmaceutical inserts,
offset by slower sales in Canada as global customers curtailed exports to the U.S. due to tariffs and new plant start-up
costs. Food & Beverage results declined in soft end markets. CCL Design North America sales and profitability improved
on gains in automotive and electronics markets. CCL Secure results declined modestly compared to an exceptional prior
year. Overall profitability and return on sales improved moderately compared to 2024.
European sales increased low single digit for 2025, excluding currency translation compared to 2024. Home & Personal
Care recorded modest organic sales growth but significant profitability improvement driven by better mix and productivity
gains. Healthcare & Specialty results improved overall as gains in Healthcare more than offset lower profitability in AgChem
operations despite sales growth. Food & Beverage results declined on lower demand, pricing pressures in soft end markets
and new plant startup costs in Italy and Spain. CCL Design results improved in both automotive and electronics markets.
CCL Secure sales and profitability improved significantly compared to a poor prior year. Overall European sales and
profitability improved compared to 2024.
2025 sales in Latin America, excluding currency translation, improved high single digit compared to 2024 principally
driven by performance in Mexico and Brazil. However, devaluation of many currencies in the region inflated the cost of
imported raw materials and negatively impacted foreign currency translation resulting in a decline in operating income
and return on sales compared to the prior year period.
Asia Pacific 2025 sales, excluding currency translation, were up high single digit compared to 2024. Sales in China
increased but held by some customers relocating production to other Asian countries; profitability, however, increased
significantly, due to higher margin new products, cost savings and productivity initiatives, especially at CCL Design. Sales
and profitability improved significantly in ASEAN countries on solid demand and new business wins compared to a solid
prior year. In Australia, profitability declined, largely driven by losses at CCL Secure, while South Africa posted strong sales
growth but lower profitability on new capacity start-up costs. For the Asia Pacific region, operating income and return on
sales improved significantly.
Sales and profitability exceeded expectations for the Middle East subsequent to the acquisition and consolidation of
Pacman in early June 2024.
Operating income for the CCL Segment increased by 11.3% to $794.1 million for 2025 compared to $713.7 million for 2024,
principally due to the strong results in Asia Pacific and Middle East. Foreign currency translation also had a positive effect
of 2.1% on 2025 operating income compared to 2024. Operating income as a percentage of sales improved to 16.3% for
2025 compared to 15.9% for 2024.
The CCL Segment invested $307.8 million in capital spending in 2025 compared to $323.7 million last year. The major
expenditures were for equipment installations and new plants to support capacity additions globally. Depreciation and
amortization, excluding amortization on right-of-use assets, for the CCL Segment was $287.1 million in 2025, compared
to $264.5 million in 2024.




                                                                                                        2025 Annual Report      21
M A N A G E M E N T ’ S D I S C U S S I O N A N D A N A LY S I S
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 (Tabular amounts in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share data)




C) Avery
Avery is one of the world’s largest supplier of labels, specialty converted media and software solutions to enable short-run
digital printing in businesses and homes alongside complementary products sold through distributors and mass-market
retailers and pressure sensitive tapes in Brazil. The products are split into five primary lines: (1) Printable Media Group
(“PMG”): including address labels, product identification labels and name badges/cards supported by customized software
solutions where applicable; (2) Organization Products Group (“OPG”): including binders, indexes, sheet protectors, and
writing instruments; (3) Direct-to-Consumer: digitally imaged labels, name & event badges, RFID enabled key cards &
wristbands, planners and kids-oriented identification labels supported by unique web-enabled e-commerce URLs;
(4) Pressure Sensitive Tapes; and (5) Horticultural labels & tags. Products in the Printable Media and Direct-to-Consumer
categories are predominantly used by businesses and individual consumers consistently throughout the year; however,
in Organization Products, North American demand typically surges for the back-to-school season during the third quarter.
Horticultural labels & tags are seasonally stronger in the first and fourth quarters.
Avery operates 29 manufacturing and three distribution facilities. Sales for Avery are principally generated in North
America, Europe, Latin America and Australia, with a market-leading position. Many products are sold under the market-
leading Avery brand and, with equal prominence in German-speaking countries, under the Zweckform brand name that is
better known by consumers in that part of Europe. Avery bolstered its presence in Latin America in 2022 with the Adelbras
acquisition in Brazil with its well established in-market brand under the same name. Avery also has a well-known assembly
of direct-to-consumer and direct-to-business brands supported by unique URLs.
		 pc/nametag                     Mabel’s Labels
		 goedgemerkt                    badgepoint
		 Imprint Plus                   Easy2Name
		 Colle à Moi                    Stuck on You
		 IDentilam                      I.D.&C.
		 InTouch                        Plum Paper
		 MasterTag                      RFID Hotel
		 Floramedia                     Oomph Made
		 Threshold                      We Print Lanyards
		Idesco
Avery reaches some of its consumers and end users at small businesses through distribution channels including mass-
market merchandisers, office superstores, wholesalers, contract stationers, mail order and e-commerce retailers. Merger
activity and store closures in some of these distribution channels can lead to short-term volume declines as customer
inventory positions are consolidated. Avery is the leading brand in its core markets, with the principal competition being
lower-priced private label products. Secular decline in Organization Products and core mailing address labels has been
partly offset by innovations such as shipping and product identification labels and Avery’s proprietary direct-to-consumer
e-commerce label design software platform WePrint™. Furthermore, with 23 acquisitions since 2014, Avery expanded its
digital printing franchises to custom roll labels, the digital graphic arts sector, the meetings and events planning industry,
personalized identification labels for kids, event badges, personalized planners, RFID-enabled keycards & wristbands
and horticultural labels & tags. Future growth rates in all these new businesses are expected to outpace Avery’s legacy
product lines. It is also the Company’s expectation that Avery will continue to open up new revenue streams in short-run
digital printing applications.

Avery Financial Performance
                                                                                                    2025          % Growth           2024
Sales                                                                                     $      1,062.2               1.2%    $   1,049.1
Operating income                                                                          $        210.6              (0.4%)   $     211.5
Return on sales                                                                                     19.8%                             20.2%

Avery sales for 2025 were $1,062.2 million a 1.2% improvement compared to the $1,049.1 million posted in 2024. The
increase was due to 0.6% acquisition-related growth and 2.4% positive impact from foreign currency translation compared
to 2024, partially offset by a 1.8% organic decline.
North American sales declined mid-single digit for 2025, excluding currency translation and acquisitions, compared to
2024. Sales and profitability in OPG product lines declined due to the impact of tariff-related costs and the challenges
of passing costs through to customers which also significantly reduced order volume, especially for the back-to-school
season. In PMG product lines, results declined modestly also on a slower back-to-school period. Strong sales and
profitability gains in Direct-to-Consumer business lines were driven by labels, with lower growth for badges, cards and


22       2025 Annual Report
wristbands. Sales and profitability in the Horticultural business improved moderately on a continued rebound in home
and garden markets and operational initiatives. Overall profitability declined and return on sales increased modestly for
2025 compared to 2024.
International sales, largely generated from products in the PMG, Pressure Sensitive Tapes, Horticultural and Direct-to-
Consumer categories, represent approximately 37% of the Avery Segment for 2025. Sales, excluding acquisitions and
currency translation, were up slightly with strong organic growth in the European Direct-to-Consumer categories partly
offset by organic declines in legacy PMG and Horticultural operations. Latin American sales increased slightly; however,
profitability declined, largely on foreign exchange challenges for imported materials in the Brazilian tapes business.
Results in Australia improved in 2025 compared to 2024 due to improvements in Direct-to-Consumer kids labels operations
offsetting secular decline in legacy product categories.
Operating income decreased 0.4% to $210.6 million for 2025 compared to $211.5 million in 2024. Return on sales was 19.8%
for 2025, compared to 20.2% for 2024, due to a weaker back-to-school season in 2025 compared to 2024.
Avery invested $30.8 million in capital spending for 2025, compared to $25.5 million for 2024. 2025 expenditures were
for infrastructure improvements throughout the Avery product categories principally in North America and Europe.
Depreciation and amortization, excluding amortization on right-of-use assets, was $29.9 million for 2025 compared to
$30.0 million for 2024.

D) Checkpoint
Checkpoint is a leading manufacturer of technology-driven loss-prevention, inventory-management and labeling solutions,
including RF and RFID solutions, to the broad retail and apparel industries globally. There are three primary product
lines: MAS, ALS and Meto. The MAS line focuses on electronic-article-surveillance (“EAS”) systems, including hardware,
software, labels and tags for loss prevention and inventory control systems including RFID solutions. ALS products are
apparel labels and tags, some of which are RFID capable. Meto is a small, separately branded Europe-centric product line,
including hand-held pricing tools and labels and promotional in-store displays. All MAS and ALS products are sold under
the Checkpoint brand.
Checkpoint is supported by 22 manufacturing facilities, six distribution facilities and three product and software
development centres globally. Checkpoint is headquartered in the United States but uses its worldwide footprint to
generate sales internationally. Checkpoint sells directly to retailers, apparel manufacturers and increasingly to a broad
array of consumer products brands and competes with other global labeling companies.
Checkpoint’s market-leading position, strong brand recognition and product development pipeline should still drive solid
growth despite the move to an omni-channel retail landscape. Large contracts with retailers for hardware and software
can create significant quarter-to-quarter and, in some cases, year-to-year revenue volatility. However, Checkpoint’s
comprehensive solution of hardware and software also creates an important high-margin recurring revenue stream for
related consumables. The Company is also confident that Checkpoint can capture its share of the fast-growing RFID
market as retailers move increasingly to omni-channel distribution from a single inventory position. New RFID applications
are also developing in the food, logistics, healthcare and many other markets interested in the technology.

Checkpoint Financial Performance
                                                                                  2025        % Growth                  2024
Sales                                                                     $     1,012.1              2.6%      $        986.9
Operating income                                                          $       162.5              7.7%      $        150.9
Return on sales                                                                    16.1%                                 15.3%

Checkpoint sales were $1,012.1 million for 2025, a 2.6% increase compared to $986.9 million for 2024, driven by 0.4%
organic growth and 2.2% positive impact from foreign currency translation.
MAS sales improved significantly in Europe, offsetting declines in the Americas that were impacted by tariff-related
challenges, compared to a strong 2024, while Asia almost equaled the prior year. Profitability gains were in Europe and
Asia, driven by new business wins and productivity gains in operations, respectively, offsetting reduced profitability in
the Americas due to decreased shipments, unrecovered tariff costs and start-up losses for the new Mexican RFID in-lay
operation. This facility is expected to ramp up in 2026 as it adds incremental manufacturing capacity to support RFID-
related sales beyond the apparel industry. ALS sales improved slightly for 2025 compared to an outstanding 2024, driven
by gains in the Asian market offsetting declines in Europe and the Americas. RFID-related product growth continued but
at a sharply moderated pace. Profitability also increased meaningfully compared to the prior year on improved mix and
strong operational execution. The smaller Meto business recorded improved results.


                                                                                                   2025 Annual Report      23
M A N A G E M E N T ’ S D I S C U S S I O N A N D A N A LY S I S
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 (Tabular amounts in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share data)




Operating income for 2025 was $162.5 million, an increase of 7.7% compared to $150.9 million in 2024. Return on sales
was 16.1% for 2025, compared to 15.3% for 2024.
Checkpoint invested $51.1 million in capital spending for 2025, compared to $64.6 million for 2024. The majority of
expenditures in 2025 were in the Asia Pacific and Latin American regions to enhance capacity in ALS manufacturing
facilities and RFID. Depreciation and amortization, excluding amortization on right-of-use assets, was $42.7 million for
2025, compared to $38.7 million for 2024.

E)   Innovia
Innovia is a global producer of specialty high-performance, multi-layer, surface-engineered films. Innovia’s international
footprint includes major facilities located in each of Australia, Germany, Mexico, Poland and the United Kingdom. These
films are sold to customers in the pressure sensitive materials, flexible packaging, consumer packaged goods and graphics
materials industries worldwide, with a small percentage of the total volume consumed internally by CCL Secure and CCL
Label within the CCL Segment. Innovia has a smaller legacy facility located in the United States, that produces almost its
entire output for the CCL Segment’s Home & Personal Care business.
Polypropylene resin is the most significant input cost for this Segment, derived from oil or natural gas and manufactured
globally by a limited number of producers. Polypropylene costs depend on the prices of natural gas, oil and the availability
of resin cracking capacity. Innovia does not use derivative financial instruments to hedge its exposure to the volatility of
polypropylene prices; therefore, many of its large customer price agreements adjust for movements up and down in resin
cost. Polypropylene costs declined throughout 2025.
Film innovation remains a strategic focus for the Segment, investing resources in its industry-leading research and
development people and laboratory in the United Kingdom. This commitment has resulted in the development of
unique process technology, highly differentiated specialty films and innovative surface coating technology, keeping film
innovation at the forefront for the Segment. To meet the packaging world’s required environmental and sustainability
initiatives, Innovia commenced operations of its new “EcoFloat” investment in Poland mid-year 2022. This hybrid polyolefin
shrink film facilitates easy separation from the primary packaging to accommodate customers’ bottle-to-bottle circular
recycling initiatives globally. The majority of the film produced by this production line will be used by the CCL Segment’s
Food & Beverage business. Also in 2022, Innovia announced a significant investment in new films manufacturing capacity
in Germany. This new multi-layer co-extrusion film line, which successfully commenced commercial operations during
the 2025 second quarter, produces highly engineered thin gauge pressure sensitive label film to support growing
sustainability-driven lower resin content materials.

Innovia Financial Performance
                                                                                                    2025          % Growth        2024
Sales                                                                                     $        706.8               0.1%   $   706.4
Operating income                                                                          $         74.3              12.2%   $    66.2
Return on sales                                                                                     10.5%                           9.4%

Innovia sales for 2025 increased 0.1% to $706.8 million, compared to $706.4 million in 2024, due to 3.2% organic decline
offset by 3.3% positive impact from foreign currency translation. Sales growth was driven by improved volumes in Europe
and Latin America for label and flexible packaging films, offset by reduced demand in North America and lower resin index
cost pass through. Volume continues to grow for “EcoFloat” and Inmould Label films, both manufactured in Poland. Films
sold internally for CCL Secure and CCL Label operations were solid. Profitability improvements for 2025 were completely
offset by start-up losses for the new multi-layer co-extrusion film line that commenced production operations in the
second quarter of 2025 but mainly for qualification trials at customers with limited early sales. Operating income was
$74.3 million compared to $66.2 million for 2024. Return on sales improved to 10.5% for 2025 compared to 9.4% for 2024.
Innovia invested $51.5 million in capital spending for 2025 compared to $48.2 million in 2024. Capital additions were largely
for the new film extrusion and top coating capabilities in Europe and Mexico, respectively. Depreciation and amortization
for Innovia, excluding amortization on right-of-use assets, was $48.4 million for 2025, compared to $44.9 million for 2024.




24       2025 Annual Report
F)   Joint Ventures
For the years ended December 31                                                                      2025                  2024                 +/-
Sales (at 100%)
  CCL Label joint ventures                                                                    $       92.2         $      141.7                (34.9%)
Earnings in equity-accounted investments (at 100%)
  CCL Label joint ventures                                                                    $       11.2         $       37.8                (70.4%)
Earnings in equity-accounted investments (at 50%)                                             $        5.6         $       18.9                (70.4%)

Results from the joint ventures, including CCL-Kontur, Russia, and, up until the date of its acquisition by the Company in
June 2024, Pacman-CCL, Middle East, are not proportionately consolidated into a Segment but instead are accounted
for as equity investments. The Company’s share of the joint ventures’ net earnings is disclosed in “Earnings in Equity-
Accounted Investments” in the consolidated income statements. CCL-Kontur posted a solid year albeit with a decline
in revenue and profitability compared to a robust prior year. Earnings in equity-accounted investments amounted to
$5.6 million for 2025, compared to $18.9 million for 2024.


3 . F I N A N C I N G A N D R I S K M A N AG E M E N T


A) Liquidity and Capital Resources
The Company’s leverage ratio is as follows:
For the years ended December 31                                                                                            2025                2024
Current debt                                                                                                       $      687.0       $        4.2
Current lease liabilities                                                                                                  49.6               47.2
Long-term debt                                                                                                          1,370.8            2,232.5
Long-term lease liabilities                                                                                               152.8              163.7
Total debt(1)                                                                                                           2,260.2            2,447.6
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                (998.2)            (828.7)
Net debt(1)                                                                                                        $    1,262.0       $    1,618.9
Adjusted EBITDA                                                                                                    $    1,622.5       $    1,497.1
Net debt to Adjusted EBITDA(1)                                                                                             0.78                1.08

(1) Total debt, net debt and net debt to Adjusted EBITDA are non-IFRS measures; see “Key Performance Indicators and Non-IFRS Measures” in Section 5A.


During the 2025 fourth quarter, the Company amended its syndicated revolving credit facility extending the maturity
almost four years to November 2030.
The Company’s debt structure at December 31, 2025, was primarily comprised of the 144A 3.05% private notes due
June 2030 in the principal amount of US$600.0 million ($819.4 million), 144A 3.25% private notes due October 2026 in
the principal amount of US$500.0 million ($685.5 million), the $300.0 million principal amount 3.864% Series 1 Notes due
April 2028, and borrowings of $243.9 million on the Company’s syndicated revolving credit facility. Outstanding contingent
letters of credit totaled $1.0 million; accordingly, there was approximately US$1,018.9 million of unused availability on the
revolving credit facility at December 31, 2025. The Company intends to refinance its US$500.0 million unsecured note
maturing on October 1, 2026.
The Company’s debt structure at December 31, 2024, was primarily comprised of the 144A 3.05% private notes due
June 2030 in the principal amount of US$600.0 million ($858.1 million), 144A 3.25% private notes due October 2026 in
the principal amount of US$500.0 million ($717.6 million), the $300.0 million principal amount 3.864% Series 1 Notes due
April 2028, and borrowings of $347.8 million on the Company’s syndicated revolving credit facility. Outstanding contingent
letters of credit totaled $1.1 million; accordingly, there was approximately US$956.7 million of unused availability on the
revolving credit facility at December 31, 2024.
Net debt was $1,262.0 million at December 31, 2025, $356.9 million lower than the net debt of $1,618.9 million at
December 31, 2024. Net debt decreased primarily due to net repayments of long-term debt and lease obligations of
$185.8 million and an increase in cash and cash equivalents of $169.5 million.



                                                                                                                          2025 Annual Report      25
M A N A G E M E N T ’ S D I S C U S S I O N A N D A N A LY S I S
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 (Tabular amounts in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share data)




Net debt to Adjusted EBITDA decreased to 0.78 times as at December 31, 2025, compared to 1.08 times at the end of 2024,
due to a decrease in net debt and an increase in Adjusted EBITDA. The measure will change as the Company strategically
deploys its free cash flow for business acquisitions, capital expenditures, and the future purchase of shares under its
normal course issuer bid.
The Company’s overall average finance rate was 2.5% as at December 31, 2025, compared to 2.6% at December 31, 2024,
reflecting a reduction in variable interest rates on the Company’s syndicated revolving credit facility compared to 2024.
Interest coverage (a non-IFRS measure; see “Key Performance Indicators and Non-IFRS Measures” in Section 5A) was
16.3 times and 14.2 times in 2025 and 2024, respectively, indicative of lower net finance costs and increased operating
income.
The Company’s approach to managing liquidity risk is to ensure that it will always have sufficient liquidity to meet liabilities
when they are due. The Company believes its liquidity will be satisfactory for the foreseeable future due to its significant
cash balances, its expected positive operating cash flow and the availability of its unused revolving credit line. The
Company anticipates funding all of its future commitments from the above sources but may raise further funds by entering
into new debt financing arrangements or issuing further equity to satisfy its future additional obligations or investment
opportunities.

B) Cash Flow

Summary of Cash Flows
                                                                                                                        2025           2024
Cash provided by operating activities                                                                             $   1,304.4    $   1,063.9
Cash used for financing activities                                                                                     (709.5)        (424.3)
Cash used for investing activities                                                                                     (437.7)        (600.3)
Effect of exchange rates on cash                                                                                         12.3           15.2
Increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                                             $    169.5     $     54.5
Cash and cash equivalents – December 31                                                                           $    998.2     $    828.7

In 2025, cash provided by operating activities was $1,304.4 million, compared to $1,063.9 million in 2024. Free cash
flow from operations (a non-IFRS measure; see “Key Performance Indicators and Non-IFRS Measures” in Section 5A) was
$891.3 million for 2025, compared to $606.5 million in the prior year. Driving the change in these metrics for 2025 was an
increase in adjusted net earnings and an improvement in working capital compared to 2024.
The Company maintains a rigorous focus on its investment in non-cash working capital. Days of working capital employed
(a non-IFRS measure; see “Key Performance Indicators and Non-IFRS Measures” in Section 5A) decreased to 36 days at
December 31, 2025, compared to 37 days at December 31, 2024, due to working capital decreases primarily at Innovia
and CCL Home & Personal Care.
Cash used for financing activities in 2025 was $709.5 million, consisting of net repayments of long-term debt and lease
obligations of $185.8 million, dividend payments of $223.7 million and repurchase of Class B non-voting shares pursuant
to normal course issuer bids totaling $300.0 million.
Cash used for investing activities in 2025 of $437.7 million was for the two acquisitions for Avery of $24.6 million and net
capital expenditures of $413.1 million.
After the above-noted items and the $12.3 million positive effect of foreign currency rates, cash and cash equivalents
increased by $169.5 million in 2025 to $998.2 million.
Capital spending in 2025 amounted to $441.2 million and proceeds from capital dispositions were $28.1 million, resulting
in net capital expenditures of $413.1 million, compared to $457.4 million in 2024. Capital expenditures in 2025 were for
capacity additions in the year plus expected growth initiatives for 2026 and beyond. Depreciation and amortization in
2025 amounted to $408.6 million, compared to $378.6 million in 2024, excluding right-of-use asset amortization.
The Company is continuing to seek investment opportunities to expand its business geographically, add capacity in its
facilities and improve its competitiveness. As in previous years, capital spending will be monitored closely and adjusted
based on the level of cash flow generated.




26       2025 Annual Report
C) Interest Rate, Foreign Exchange Management and Other Hedges
The Company periodically uses derivative financial instruments to hedge interest and foreign exchange rates. The
Company does not utilize derivative financial instruments for speculative purposes.
As the Company operates internationally with 2.0% of its 2025 sales to end-use customers denominated in Canadian
dollars, it has significant market risk exposure to changes in foreign exchange rates. Each subsidiary’s sales and expenses
are primarily denominated in its local currency, minimizing the foreign exchange impact on the operating results.
The Company also has exposure to market risks related to interest rate fluctuations on its debt. To mitigate this risk, the
Company maintains a combination of fixed and floating rate debt.
The Company periodically uses interest rate swap agreements to allocate notional debt between fixed and floating rates.
The Company believes that a balance of fixed and floating rate debt can reduce overall interest expense and is in line with
its investment in short-term assets such as working capital and long-term assets such as property, plant and equipment.
The Company uses cross-currency interest rate swap agreements (“CCIRSA”) as a means to convert U.S. dollar debt into
euro debt to hedge a portion of its euro-based investment and cash flows.
As at December 31, 2025, the Company utilized CCIRSAs to hedge its euro-based assets and cash flows, effectively
converting notional US$264.7 million 3.25% fixed rate debt into 1.23% fixed rate euro debt, US$111.5 million 3.25% fixed
rate debt into 1.16% fixed rate euro debt, US$204.6 million 3.05% fixed rate debt into 2.06% fixed rate euro debt and
US$203.9 million 3.05% fixed rate debt into 2.00% fixed rate euro debt. The effect of the CCIRSAs has been to decrease
finance cost by $16.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2025 (2024 – $16.9 million).
The Company has potential credit risks arising from derivative financial instruments if a counterparty fails to meet its
obligations. The Company’s counterparties are large international financial institutions and, to date, no such counterparty
has failed to meet its financial obligations to the Company. As at December 31, 2025, the Company had $14.3 million
potential exposure to credit risk arising from derivative financial instruments.
As at December 31, 2025, the Company had approximately US$1.1 billion and €153.6 million drawn under the 144A private
bonds and syndicated revolving credit facility, which are hedging a portion of its U.S. dollar-based and euro-based
investments and cash flows, inclusive of U.S. dollar debt swapped to euros.

D) Equity and Dividends

Summary of Changes in Equity
For the years ended December 31                                                                         2025                 2024
Net earnings                                                                                     $     802.4       $         843.1
Dividends                                                                                             (223.7)               (206.4)
Settlement of exercised stock options                                                                     —                    7.6
Contributed surplus on expensing of stock options and stock-based compensation plans                    40.7                  32.4
Defined benefit plan actuarial gain (loss), net of tax                                                  14.2                  (6.9)
Repurchase of shares                                                                                  (304.6)               (203.2)
Change in accumulated other comprehensive income                                                        30.7                 190.9
Increase in equity                                                                               $     359.7       $        657.5
Equity                                                                                           $    5,640.4      $    5,280.7
Shares issued at December 31 – Class A (000s)                                                         11,743            11,746
                             – Class B (000s)                                                        161,502           165,064

In 2025, the Company declared dividends of $223.7 million, compared to $206.4 million declared in the prior year. As
previously discussed, the dividend payout ratio in 2025 was 28% (2024 – 27%) of adjusted earnings. After careful review
of the current year results, budgeted cash flow and income for 2025, the Board declared a 12.5% increase in the annual
dividend: an increase of $0.04 per Class B share per quarter, from $0.32 to $0.36 per Class B share per quarter ($1.44 per
Class B share annualized).
If cash flow periodically exceeds attractive acquisition opportunities available, the Company may also repurchase its
shares, provided that the repurchase is accretive to earnings per share and it will not materially increase financial leverage
beyond targeted levels.




                                                                                                       2025 Annual Report        27
M A N A G E M E N T ’ S D I S C U S S I O N A N D A N A LY S I S
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 (Tabular amounts in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share data)




In May 2025, the Company renewed its share repurchase program under a normal course issuer bid to purchase up to
approximately 14.5 million Class B non-voting shares, approximately 9.95% of the public float of the Class B non-voting
shares of the Company. During 2025, the Company spent $300.0 million for the purchase of 3,907,184 Class B shares for
cancellation. The excess of the purchase price over the paid-up capital was charged to retained earnings.

E)   Commitments and Other Contractual Obligations
The Company’s obligations relating to debt, leases and other liabilities at the end of 2025 were as follows:


                                                                                              December 31, 2025
                             December 31, 2024                                                                Payments Due by Period
                                            Carrying        Carrying   Contractual              0–6          6–12            1–2             2–5    More than
                                            Amount          Amount     Cash Flows            Months        Months           Years           Years     5 Years

Non-derivative financial liabilities
  Secured bank loans                 $     0.1          $        —     $        —      $       —       $      —       $      —         $     — $          —
  Unsecured bank
    loans                                  3.6                  1.6            1.6             0.4           1.1             0.1             —            —
  Unsecured 144A
    3.25% private notes                  717.6               685.5          686.2              —           686.2             —               —            —
  Unsecured 144A
    3.05% private notes                  858.1               819.4          823.4              —              —              —             823.4          —
  Unsecured 3.864%
    Series 1 Notes                       299.3               299.6          300.0              —              —              —             300.0          —
  Unsecured syndicated
    bank credit facility                 347.8               243.9          247.5              —              —              —             247.5          —
  Other long-term obligations             10.2                 7.8            7.8              —              —              —               7.8          —
  Interest on unsecured
    bank credit facilities                   *                     *          36.7*            3.4           3.9             7.7            21.7          —
  Interest on 144A
    3.25% private notes                      *                     *          16.7*            5.6          11.1             —               —            —
  Interest on 144A
    3.05% private notes                      *                     *        110.9*           10.5           12.5           25.1             62.8          —
  Interest on unsecured
    3.864% Series 1 Notes                    *                     *          26.5*            3.3           5.8           11.6              5.8          —
  Interest on other
    long-term debt                           *                     *           0.9             —              —              —               0.9          —
  Trade and other
    payables                           1,416.9              1,467.2        1,467.2*        1,467.2            —              —               —            —
Accrued post-employment
  benefit liabilities                        *                   *          324.9*            3.1            3.1           28.9            107.4      182.4
Lease liabilities                        210.9               202.4          245.0            29.0           26.6           42.1             71.3       76.0
Total contractual
 cash obligations                        $ 3,864.5      $ 3,727.4      $ 4,295.3       $ 1,522.5       $ 750.3        $ 115.5          $1,648.6 $ 258.4

* Accrued long-term employee benefit and post-employment benefit liability of $31.6 million, accrued interest of $10.6 million on unsecured notes, unsecured
  bonds and unsecured syndicated credit facilities, and accrued interest of $2.6 million on derivatives are reported in trade and other payables in 2025 (2024:
  $20.0 million, $10.9 million and $2.4 million, respectively).




28       2025 Annual Report
Pension Obligations
The Company sponsors a number of defined benefit plans in countries that give rise to accrued post-employment benefit
obligations. The accrued benefit obligation for these plans at the end of 2025 was $618.0 million (2024 – $616.4 million),
the fair value of the plan assets was $318.4 million (2024 – $310.1 million) and an irrecoverable surplus due to an asset
ceiling was $3.2 million (2024 – $0.5 million), for a net deficit of $302.8 million (2024 – $306.8 million). Contributions
to defined benefit plans during 2025 were $22.2 million (2024 – $20.5 million). The Company expects to contribute
$95.0 million to pension plans in 2026, inclusive of defined contribution plans. These estimated funding requirements will
be adjusted annually, based on various market factors such as interest rates, expected returns and staffing assumptions,
including compensation and mortality. The Company’s contributions are funded through cash flows generated from
operations. Management anticipates that future cash flows from operations will be sufficient to fund expected future
contributions. Details of the Company’s pension plans and related obligations are set out in note 20, “Employee Benefits,”
of the Company’s 2025 annual consolidated financial statements.

Other Obligations and Commitments
The Company has posted surety bonds through accredited insurance companies globally totaling $30.0 million (2024 –
$26.0 million). The nature of these commitments is described in note 26 of the Company’s 2025 annual consolidated
financial statements. There are no defined benefit plans funded with the Company’s stock.

F)   Controls and Procedures
Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that all relevant information is
gathered and reported to senior management, including the President and Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) and the Senior
Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”), on a timely basis so that appropriate decisions can be made regarding
public disclosure. The Company’s Disclosure Committee reviews all external reports and documents before publication
to enhance disclosure controls and procedures.
As at December 31, 2025, based on the continued evaluation of the disclosure controls and procedures, the CEO and the
CFO have concluded that the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in National Instrument 52-109,
Certificate of Disclosure in Issuers Annual and Interim Filings (“NI 52-109”), are effective to ensure that information required
to be disclosed in reports and documents that the Company files or submits under Canadian securities legislation is
recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified.
Internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with IFRS. Management is
responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. NI 52-109 requires CEOs
and CFOs to certify that they are responsible for establishing and maintaining internal control over financial reporting for
the issuer, that internal control has been designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with IFRS, that the internal control over financial
reporting is effective, and that the issuer has disclosed any changes in its internal control during its most recent interim
period that has materially affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect its internal control over financial reporting.
In accordance with the provisions of NI 52-109, management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial
Officer, have limited the scope of their design of the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures and internal control
over financial reporting to exclude controls, policies and procedures of IDESCO. This company was acquired during the
fourth quarter 2025.
The total net assets acquired for this acquisition were approximately $19.1 million, which are reported in the Company’s
consolidated statements of financial position for the year ended December 31, 2025, and was approximately 0.3% of
consolidated net assets and approximately 0.04% of sales.
The scope limitation is primarily based on the time required to assess disclosure controls and procedures and internal
control over financial reporting in a manner consistent with the Company’s other operations for this acquisition. The
assessment on the design effectiveness of disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting
and the assessment of the operating effectiveness will be completed by the fourth quarter of 2026.
Except for the preceding changes, based on the evaluation of the design and operating effectiveness of the Company’s
internal control over financial reporting, the CEO and the CFO concluded that the Company’s internal control over financial
reporting was effective as at December 31, 2025.
There were no material changes in internal control over financial reporting in the financial year ended December 31, 2025.




                                                                                                        2025 Annual Report   29
M A N A G E M E N T ’ S D I S C U S S I O N A N D A N A LY S I S
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 (Tabular amounts in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share data)




4 . R I S KS A N D U N C E R TA I N T I E S

The Company is subject to the usual commercial risks and uncertainties from operating as a Canadian public company
and as a supplier of goods and services to the non-durable consumer packaging and consumer durables industries on a
global basis. A number of these potential risks and uncertainties that could have a material adverse effect on the business,
financial condition and results of operations of the Company are, in no particular order, as follows:

The Conflict between Ukraine and Russia
Late in February of 2022 the conflict between Ukraine and Russia commenced and to the extent it continues or escalates
it may impact other risks disclosed in this document and further impact the Company’s financial results.
For the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, a de minimis percentage of the Company’s sales were derived directly
from customers based in Russia and Ukraine. However, the Company has a 50% equity interest in a U.K. holding company
that owns 100% of CCL Kontur, which operates five label plants, headquartered in Podolsk, Russia. The Company’s 50%
equity partner in this joint venture has management control of the Russian operations. The Company suspended all
future financial support by way of equity injection or additional debt financing to this joint venture while fully complying
with all government-imposed trade sanctions. The Company’s financial exposure in this joint venture is approximately
$63.9 million as at December 31, 2025. It is not possible at this time to predict the ultimate consequences of the conflict in
Ukraine and the impact on the carrying value of the Company’s investment in this joint venture. The Company will monitor
the factors influencing the carrying value of its investment and, if appropriate, may incur impairment charges. The conflict
in Ukraine may escalate and/or expand in scope with broader consequences, including further sanctions, embargoes,
regional instability, cyber events and geopolitical shifts; potential retaliatory action by the Russian government against
the Company and the Company’s joint venture or its customers, such as nationalization of foreign businesses in Russia;
and increased tensions between the western world and countries in which the Company operates, none of which can
be predicted. The Company also cannot predict the conflict’s impact on the global economy and on its business and
financial statements.

Raw Materials Component Parts, Inflation and Tariffs
Although the Company is a large customer to certain key suppliers, it is also an inconsequential buyer of some materials
and components such as computer chips. The ability to grow earnings will be affected by inflationary and other increases
in the cost of electronic sub-assemblies and raw materials, aluminum ingot, slugs and foils, resins, extruded films, pressure
sensitive laminates, paper, binder rings and plastic components. Inflationary and other increases in the costs of raw
materials, labour and energy have occurred in the past and are expected to reoccur. Raw materials and components
may also be subject to new or increased tariffs. The Company’s performance depends in part on its ability to pass these
cost increases on to customers in the price of its products and to effect improvements in productivity. The Company
may not be able to fully offset the effects of raw material costs and other sourced components through price increases,
productivity improvements or cost-reduction programs. If the Company cannot obtain sufficient quantities of these items
at competitive prices, of appropriate quality and on a timely basis, it may not be able to produce sufficient quantities
of product to satisfy market demand, product shipments may be delayed, or its material or manufacturing costs may
increase. Innovia is sensitive to price movements in polypropylene resin used in its films for label, packaging and security
applications. Polypropylene is the most significant input cost and is traded in the market, with prices linked to the market
price of natural gas and refining capacity. Price movements must be managed and, where necessary, passed along to the
Segment’s customers. Failure to pass along higher costs in a timely and effective manner to its customers could have a
material adverse effect on the Innovia Segment’s business and profitability. Checkpoint’s supply chain relies significantly
on components sourced from factories in Asia; therefore, supply disruption and tariff changes could adversely affect sales
and profitability. Avery’s U.S. supply chain relies substantially on its plant in Tijuana, Mexico; supply disruption, changes
to border controls, tariff changes, or any renegotiation of, or amendments to, the provisions of the United States-Mexico-
Canada Agreement (“USMCA”) on trade could adversely affect sales and profitability. CCL Container and Innovia are also
significant exporters to the United States from Mexico while CCL Label Mexico is a large importer of materials from the
United States. Overall, any of these problems could result in the loss of customers and revenue, provide an opportunity for
competing products to gain market acceptance and have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial
condition and results of operations.




30       2025 Annual Report
Potential Risks Relating to Significant Operations in Foreign Countries
The Company operates plants in North America, Europe, Latin America, Africa, Asia, Australia and the Middle East. Sales
to customers located outside of Canada in 2025 were approximately 98% of the Company’s total sales, a level similar to
that in 2024. Non-Canadian operating results are translated into Canadian dollars at the average exchange rate for the
period covered. The Company has significant operating bases in both the United States and Europe. In 2025, 36.5% and
31.5% of total sales were to customers in the United States and Europe, respectively. The Company’s operating results
and cash flows could be negatively impacted by slower or declining growth rates in these key markets. The sales from
business units in Latin America, Asia, Africa, Australia and the Middle East in 2025 were 30.0% of the Company’s total
sales. In addition, the Company has an equity-accounted investment in Russia. There are risks associated with operating
a decentralized organization in 214 manufacturing facilities in 42 countries around the world with a variety of different
cultures and values. Operations outside of Canada, the United States and Europe are perceived generally to have greater
political and economic risks and include the Company’s operations in Latin America, parts of Asia, Russia and the Middle
East. These risks include, but are not limited to, fluctuations in currency exchange rates, inflation, changes in foreign laws
and regulations, military conflicts, government nationalization of certain industries, currency controls, potential adverse
tax consequences and locally accepted business practices and standards that may not be similar to accepted business
practices and standards in North America and Europe. Although, the Company largely sells its products in the regimes it
operates in, the enactment of punitive import tariffs and the potential retaliatory measure taken by legislators may have
a harmful impact on the Company’s customers supply chain, thereby possibly have a material adverse effect to CCL. The
Company has controls and procedures intended to mitigate these risks; however, these risks cannot be entirely eliminated
and may have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial results of the Company.

Impairment in the Carrying Value of Goodwill and Indefinite-Life Intangible Assets
As of December 31, 2025, the Company had approximately $3.1 billion of goodwill and indefinite-life intangible assets
on its consolidated statements of financial position, the value of which is reviewed for impairment at least annually. The
assessment of the value of goodwill and intangible assets depends on a number of key factors requiring estimates and
assumptions about earnings growth, operating margins, discount rates, economic projections, anticipated future cash
flows and market capitalization. There can be no assurance that future reviews of goodwill and intangible assets will not
result in additional impairment charges. Although it does not affect cash flow, an impairment charge does have the effect
of reducing the Company’s earnings, total assets and equity.

Competitive Environment
The Company faces competition from other suppliers in all the markets in which it operates. There can be no assurance
that the Company will be able to compete successfully against its current or future competitors or that such competition
will not have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Company. This
competitive environment may preclude the Company from passing on higher material, labour and energy costs to its
customers. Any significant increase in in-house manufacturing by customers of the Company could adversely affect the
business, financial condition and results of operations of the Company. In addition, the Company’s consolidated financial
results may be negatively impacted by competitors developing new products or processes that are of superior quality to
those of the Company or that fit the Company’s customers’ needs better, or have lower costs; or by consolidation within
the Company’s competitors or by further pricing pressure being placed on the industry by the large retail chains.

Foreign Exchange Exposure and Hedging Activities
Sales of the Company’s products to customers outside Canada account for approximately 98% of the revenue of the
Company. Because the prices for such products are quoted in foreign currencies, any increase in the value of the Canadian
dollar relative to such currencies, in particular the U.S. dollar and the euro, reduces the amount of Canadian dollar revenues
and operating income reported by the Company in its consolidated financial statements. The Company also buys inputs
for its products in world markets in several currencies. Exchange rate fluctuations are beyond the Company’s control and
there can be no assurance that such fluctuations will not have a material adverse effect on the reported results of the
Company. The use of derivatives to provide hedges of certain exposures, such as interest rate swaps, forward foreign
exchange contracts and aluminum futures contracts, could impact negatively on the Company’s operations.




                                                                                                      2025 Annual Report   31
M A N A G E M E N T ’ S D I S C U S S I O N A N D A N A LY S I S
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 (Tabular amounts in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share data)




Retention of Key Personnel and Experienced Workforce
Management believes that an important competitive advantage of the Company has been, and will continue to be, the
know-how and expertise possessed by its personnel at all levels of the Company. While the machinery and equipment used
by the Company are generally available to competitors of the Company, the experience and training of the Company’s
workforce allows the Company to obtain a level of efficiency and a level of flexibility that management believes to be high
relative to levels in the industries in which it competes. To date, the Company has been successful in recruiting, training
and retaining its personnel over the long term, and while management believes that the know-how of the Company is
widely distributed throughout the Company, the loss of the services of certain of its experienced personnel could have a
material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Company.
The operations of the Company are dependent on the abilities, experience and efforts of its senior management team.
To date, the Company has been successful in recruiting and retaining competent senior management. Loss of certain
members of the executive team of the Company could have a disruptive effect on the implementation of the Company’s
business strategy and the efficient running of day-to-day operations. This could have a material adverse effect on the
business, financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Acquired Businesses
As part of its growth strategy, the Company continues to pursue acquisition opportunities where such transactions are
economically and strategically justified. However, there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to identify
attractive acquisition opportunities in the future or have the required resources to complete desired acquisitions, or that
it will succeed in effectively managing the integration of acquired businesses. The failure to implement the acquisition
strategy, to successfully integrate acquired businesses or joint ventures into the Company’s structure, or to control
operating performance and achieve synergies could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition
and results of operations of the Company.
In addition, there may be liabilities that the Company has failed or was unable to discover in its due diligence prior to the
consummation of the acquisition. In particular, to the extent that prior owners of acquired businesses failed to comply
with or otherwise violated applicable laws, including environmental laws, the Company, as a successor owner, may be
financially responsible for these violations. The discovery of any material liabilities could have a material adverse effect
on the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Long-Term Growth Strategy
The Company has experienced significant and steady growth over the last decade. The Company’s organic growth
initiatives coupled with its international acquisitions over the last number of years can place a strain on a number of
aspects of its operating platform including human infrastructure, operational capacity and information systems. The
Company’s ability to continually adapt and augment all aspects of its operational platform is critical to realizing its long-
term growth strategy. Another key aspect to the Company’s growth strategy includes increased development of the
Company’s presence in emerging markets that could create exposure to unstable political conditions, economic volatility
and social challenges. If the Company cannot adjust to its anticipated growth, results of operations could be materially
adversely affected.

Lower than Anticipated Demand
Although Checkpoint enjoys the advantage of significantly lower customer concentration than the rest of the Company,
it remains heavily dependent on the retail marketplace. Changes in the economic environment including the liquidity and
financial condition of its customers, the impact of online customer spending or reductions in retailer spending and new
store openings could adversely affect sales. A reduction in the commitment for chain-wide installations due to decreased
consumer spending that results in reduced demand for loss prevention by retail customers or failure to develop new
technology that entices the customer to maintain its commitment to Checkpoint’s loss prevention products and services
may also have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations.

Exposure to Income Tax Reassessments
The Company operates in many countries throughout the world. Each country has its own income tax regulations and
many of these countries have additional income and other taxes applied at state, provincial and local levels. The Company’s
international investments are complex and subject to interpretation in each jurisdiction from a legal and tax perspective.
The Company’s tax filings are subject to audit by local authorities, and the Company’s positions in these tax filings may
be challenged. The Company may not be successful in defending these positions and could be involved in lengthy and
costly litigation during this process and could be subject to additional income taxes, interest and penalties. This outcome
could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Company.



32       2025 Annual Report
Realization of Deferred Tax Assets
The Company needs to generate sufficient taxable income in future periods in certain foreign and domestic tax jurisdictions
to realize the tax benefit. If there is a significant change in the time period within which the underlying temporary difference
or loss carry-forwards become taxable or deductible, the Company may have to revise its unrecognized deferred tax
assets. This could result in an increase in the effective tax rate and could have a material adverse effect on future results.
Changes in statutory tax rate may change the deferred tax asset or liability, with either a positive or a negative impact on
the effective tax rate. The computation and assessment of the ability to realize the deferred tax asset balance is complex
and requires significant judgment. New legislation or a change in underlying assumptions may have a material adverse
effect on the business, financial condition and results of the Company.

Fluctuations in Operating Results
While the Company’s operating results over the past several years have indicated a general upward trend in sales and net
earnings, operating results within particular product forms, within particular facilities of the Company and within particular
geographic markets have undergone fluctuations in the past and, in management’s view, are likely to do so in the future.
Operating results may fluctuate in the future as a result of many factors in addition to the global economic conditions,
and these factors include the volume of orders received relative to the manufacturing capacity of the Company, the level
of price competition (from competing suppliers both in domestic and in other lower-cost jurisdictions), variations in the
level and timing of orders, the cost of raw materials and energy, the ability to develop innovative solutions and the mix of
revenue derived in each of the Company’s businesses. Operating results may also be impacted by the inability to achieve
planned volumes through normal growth and successful renegotiation of current contracts with customers and by the
inability to deliver expected benefits from cost-reduction programs derived from the restructuring of certain business
units. Any of these factors or a combination of these factors could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial
condition and results of operations of the Company.

Insurance Coverage
Management believes that insurance coverage of the Company’s facilities addresses all material insurable risks, provides
coverage that is similar to that which would be maintained by a prudent owner/operator of similar facilities and is
subject to deductibles, limits and exclusions that are customary or reasonable given the cost of procuring insurance and
current operating conditions. However, there can be no assurance that such insurance will continue to be offered on an
economically feasible basis or at current premium levels, that the Company will be able to pass through any increased
premium costs, or that all events that could give rise to a loss or liability are insurable, or that the amounts of insurance
will at all times be sufficient to cover each and every loss or claim that may occur involving the assets or operations of
the Company.

Catastrophic Events
Natural disasters, such as earthquakes, tsunamis, floods or wildfires, public health crises, such as epidemics and
pandemics, political instability, acts of terrorism, war or other conflicts and other events outside of the Company’s control,
may adversely impact its business and operating results. In addition to the direct impact that such events could have on
the Company’s facilities and workforce, these types of events could negatively impact consumer spending in the impacted
regions or, depending on the severity, globally, which would impact the Company’s customers and in turn impact demand
for its products.

Dependence on Customers
The Company has a modest dependence on certain customers. The Company’s two largest customers combined
accounted for approximately 6.9% (2024 – 6.7%) of the consolidated revenue for the fiscal year 2025. The five largest
customers of the Company represented approximately 13.1% (2024 – 13.0%) of the total revenue for 2025 and the 25 largest
customers represented approximately 32.6% (2024 – 33.2%) of the total revenue. Several thousand customers make up
the remainder of total revenue. Although the Company has strong partnership relationships with its customers, there
can be no assurance that the Company will maintain its relationship with any particular customer or continue to provide
services to any particular customer at current levels. A loss of any significant customer, or a decrease in the sales to any
such customer, could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. Consolidation within the consumer products market base and office retail superstores could have a negative
impact on the Company’s business, depending on the nature and scope of any such consolidation.




                                                                                                        2025 Annual Report   33
M A N A G E M E N T ’ S D I S C U S S I O N A N D A N A LY S I S
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 (Tabular amounts in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share data)




Environmental, Health and Safety Requirements and Other Considerations
The Company is subject to numerous federal, provincial, state and municipal statutes, regulations, by-laws, guidelines
and policies, as well as permits and other approvals related to the protection of the environment and workers’ health
and safety. The Company maintains active health and safety and environmental programs for the purpose of preventing
injuries to employees and pollution incidents at its manufacturing sites. The Company also carries out a program of
environmental compliance audits, including an independent third-party pollution liability assessment for acquisitions, to
assess the adequacy of compliance at the operating level and to establish provisions, as required, for environmental site
remediation plans. The Company has environmental insurance for most of its operating sites, with certain exclusions for
historical matters.
Despite these programs and insurance coverage, further proceedings or inquiries from regulators on employee health and
safety requirements, particularly in Canada, the United States and the European Economic Community (collectively, the
“EHS Requirements”), could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations of
the Company. In addition, changes to existing EHS Requirements, the adoption of new EHS Requirements in the future, or
changes to the enforcement of EHS Requirements, as well as the discovery of additional or unknown conditions at facilities
owned, operated or used by the Company, could require expenditures that might materially affect the business, financial
condition and results of operations of the Company to the extent not covered by indemnity, insurance or covenant not
to sue. Furthermore, while the Company has generally benefited from increased regulations on its customers’ products,
the demand for the services or products of the Company may be adversely affected by the amendment or repeal of laws
or by changes to the enforcement policies of the regulatory agencies concerning such laws.

Operating and Product Hazards
The Company’s revenues are dependent on the continued operation of its facilities and its customers. The operation
of manufacturing plants involves many risks, including the failure or substandard performance of equipment, natural
disasters, suspension of operations and new governmental statutes, regulations, guidelines and policies. The total loss
of certain of the Company’s manufacturing plants could have a significant financial impact on the affected business
segment, particularly where the plant represents a single or significant source of supply. The operations of the Company
and its customers are also subject to various hazards incidental to the production, use, handling, processing, storage
and transportation of certain hazardous materials. These hazards can cause personal injury, severe damage to and
destruction of property and equipment and environmental damage. Furthermore, the Company may become subject to
claims with respect to workplace exposure, workers’ compensation and other matters. The Company’s pharmaceutical
and specialty food product operations are subject to stringent federal, state, provincial and local health, food and drug
regulations and controls, and may be impacted by consumer product liability claims and the possible unavailability
and/or expense of liability insurance. The Company prints information on its labels and containers that, if incorrect,
could give rise to product liability claims. A determination by applicable regulatory authorities that any of the Company’s
facilities are not in compliance with any such regulations or controls in any material respect may have a material adverse
effect on the Company. A successful product liability claim (or a series of claims) against the Company in excess of its
insurance coverage could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations of
the Company. There can be no assurance as to the actual amount of these liabilities or the timing thereof. The occurrence
of material operational problems, including, but not limited to, the above events, could have a material adverse effect on
the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Material Disruption of Information Technology Systems
The Company is increasingly dependent on information technology (“IT”) systems to manufacture its products, process
transactions, respond to customer questions, manage inventory, purchase, sell and ship goods on a timely basis and
maintain cost-efficient operations, as well as maintain its e-commerce websites. Any material disruption or slowdown of
the systems, including a disruption or slowdown caused by the Company’s failure to successfully upgrade its systems,
system failures, viruses or other causes, could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and
results of operations of the Company. If changes in technology cause the Company’s information systems to become
obsolete or if information systems are inadequate to handle growth, the Company could incur losses and costs due to
interruption of its operations.
The Company maintains information within its IT networks and on the cloud to operate its business, as well as confidential
personal employee and customer information. The secure maintenance of this information is critical to the Company’s
operations and reputation. The Company invests in hardware and software to prevent the risk of intrusion, tampering and
theft. Any such unauthorized breach of the IT infrastructure could compromise the data maintained, which could cause
the corruption or exposure of confidential or proprietary information, a significant disruption in operations, the loss or
theft of critical data and financial resources and meaningful harm to the Company’s reputation, any of which could result
in a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations.


34       2025 Annual Report
The Timing and Volume of New Banknote Orders
The CCL Secure banknote substrate operation is dependent on government procurement decisions and the volume and
timing of new or replacement banknote orders is often uncertain. These decisions can be influenced by many political
factors that could delay or reduce the volume of banknote orders. The impact of new large volume banknote orders may
result in the Company having to invest in material capital projects to support government procurement decisions. As a
result, volatility may be created in the cash flows and in the financial results of the CCL Secure operations, which could
have a material adverse effect on the financial condition of the Company.

Product Security
CCL Secure’s banknote substrate business is involved in high security applications and must maintain highly secured
facilities and product shipments. CCL Secure maintains vigorous security and material control procedures. All employees,
guests and third-party contractors with access to facilities and products are prudently screened and monitored. However,
the loss of a product, counterfeiting of a high security feature or the breach of a secured facility as a result of negligence,
collusion or theft is possible. Loss of product whilst in transit, particularly during trans-shipment, through the failure of
freight management companies or the loss of the shipment vehicle by accident or act of God is possible. Consequently,
the financial damage and potential reputational impairment on CCL Secure may have a material adverse effect on the
Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations.

Financial Reporting
The Company prepares its financial reports in accordance with accounting policies and methods prescribed by IFRS. In
the preparation of financial reports, management may need to rely upon assumptions, make estimates or use their best
judgment in determining the financial condition of the Company. Material accounting policies are described in more detail
in the notes to the Company’s annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2025. In order
to have a reasonable level of assurance that financial transactions are properly authorized, assets are safeguarded against
unauthorized or improper use and transactions are properly recorded and reported, the Company has implemented and
continues to analyze its internal control systems for financial reporting. Although the Company believes that its financial
reporting and financial statements are prepared with reasonable safeguards to ensure reliability, the Company cannot
provide absolute assurance in that regard.

Compliance with Anti-Bribery and Export Laws
Due to the Company’s global operations, the Company is subject to many laws governing international relations, including
those that prohibit improper payments to government officials and commercial customers, and which may restrict where
the Company can do business, what information or products the Company can supply to certain countries and what
information the Company can provide to foreign governments, including but not limited to the Canadian Corruption of
Foreign Public Officials Act (“CFPOA”), the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (“FCPA”), the U.K. Bribery Act and the U.S.
Export Administration Act. The Company’s policies mandate compliance with these anti-bribery laws. The Company
operates in many parts of the world that have experienced governmental corruption to some degree and, in certain
circumstances, strict compliance with anti-bribery laws may conflict with local customs and practices. Given the high
level of complexity of these laws, there is a risk that some provisions may be inadvertently or intentionally breached, for
example, through fraudulent or negligent behavior of individual employees, the Company’s failure to comply with certain
formal documentation requirements or otherwise. Additionally, the Company may be held liable for actions taken by local
dealers and partners. If the Company is found to be liable for CFPOA, FCPA or other violations (either due to the Company’s
own acts or through inadvertence, or due to the acts or inadvertence of others), the Company could suffer from civil and
criminal penalties or other sanctions, which could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s business, financial
condition and results of operations.

New Product Developments
Markets are continually evolving based on the ingenuity of the Company and its competitors, consumer preferences
and new product identification and information technologies. In particular, customers and consumers are seeking more
sustainable product offerings using recyclable components and enabling circularity in product use. To the extent that
any such new developments result in a decrease in the use of any of the Company’s products, a material adverse effect
on the financial condition and results of operations could occur.
Checkpoint’s ability to create new products and to sustain existing products is affected by whether the Company can
develop and fund technological innovations, such as those related to the next generation of product solutions, evolving
RFID technologies, and other innovative security devices, software and systems initiatives. The failure to develop and
launch successful new products could have a material adverse effect on Checkpoint’s business, financial condition and
results of operations.


                                                                                                       2025 Annual Report   35
M A N A G E M E N T ’ S D I S C U S S I O N A N D A N A LY S I S
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 (Tabular amounts in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share data)




Although Innovia has a unique manufacturing process for a portion of its film product line and CCL Secure is the leading
manufacturer of polymer banknote substrate, the Company depends on its ability to constantly evolve the technological
capabilities of its products to meet the demands of its customer base. New scientific advancements in polymer film
manufacturing could curtail the use of Innovia’s films, while the advancement of e-commerce and cashless societies may
outmode the need for polymer banknotes. Innovia’s investment in its new hybrid polyolefin film facility in Poland and new
thin-gauge film facility in Germany, are to support sustainability ambitions of its customers. It may take time for these
operations to become profitable and there can be no assurances of success. Failure to invest in intellectual properties
and perpetually innovate may result in lower demand for films and banknote substrate and could have a material adverse
effect on the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations.

Labour Relations
While labour relations between the Company and its employees have been stable in the recent past and there have been
no material disruptions in operations as a result of labour disputes, the maintenance of a productive and efficient labour
environment cannot be assured. Accordingly, a strike, lockout or deterioration of labour relations could have a material
adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Legal and Regulatory Proceedings
Any alleged failure by the Company to comply with applicable laws and regulations in the countries of operation may lead
to the imposition of fines and penalties or the denial, revocation or delay in the renewal of permits and licenses issued by
governmental authorities or litigation. In addition, governmental authorities, as well as third parties, may claim that the
Company is liable for environmental remediation or damages. A significant judgment against the Company, the loss of a
significant permit or other approval or the imposition of a significant fine or penalty could have a material adverse effect
on the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Company.
Moreover, the Company may from time to time be notified of claims that it may be infringing patents, copyrights or other
intellectual property rights owned by other third parties. Any litigation could result in substantial costs and diversion of
resources, and could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. In the future, third parties may assert infringement claims against the Company or its customers. In the event of
an infringement claim, the Company may be required to spend a significant amount of money to develop a non-infringing
alternative or to obtain licenses. The Company may not be successful in developing such an alternative or obtaining a
license on reasonable terms, if at all. In addition, any such litigation could be lengthy and costly and could have a material
adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Company.
The Company may also be subject to claims arising from its failure to manufacture a product to the specifications of
its customers or from personal injury arising from a consumer’s use of a product or component manufactured by the
Company. While the Company will seek indemnity from its customers for claims made against the Company by consumers,
and while the Company maintains what management believes to be appropriate levels of insurance to respond to such
claims, there can be no assurance that the Company will be fully indemnified by its customers or that insurance coverage
will continue to be available or, if available, will be adequate to cover all costs arising from such claims. In addition, the
Company could become subject to claims relating to its prior or acquired businesses, including environmental and tax
matters, or claims by third parties, such as distributors or agents. There can be no assurance that insurance coverage will
be adequate to cover all costs arising from such claims.
Specifically, in the first quarter of 2019, a hearing on a jurisdictional issue was heard in respect of a lawsuit launched in
2011 by Benoy Berry and a company controlled by him, Global Secure Currency Ltd. (collectively, “Berry”), in Nigerian
Federal Court against CCL Secure Pty Ltd. (formerly Innovia Security Pty Ltd.) (“ISPL”), and Innovia Films Ltd. (collectively,
“IFL”), as well as other defendants not affiliated with ISPL. The court denied IFL’s motion to dismiss the lawsuit on the
jurisdictional issue. IFL is appealing that decision to the highest appeals court in Nigeria. The lawsuit alleges that IFL
and the co-defendants committed to build a banknote substrate plant in Nigeria and Berry seeks an order requiring IFL
and the co-defendants to build the plant or in lieu thereof, grant an award of total damages in the amount of €1.5 billion
($2.4 billion). IFL intends to vigorously defend this claim, which the Company considers to be without merit and accordingly,
the Company has made no provision for the matter.

Defined Benefit Post-Employment Plans
The Company is the sponsor of a number of defined benefit plans in sixteen countries that give rise to accrued post-
employment benefit obligations. Although the Company believes that its current financial resources combined with its
expected future cash flows from operations and returns on post-employment plan assets will be sufficient to satisfy the
obligations under these plans in future years, the cash outflow and higher expenses associated with these plans may be
higher than expected and may have a material adverse impact on the financial condition of the Company.



36       2025 Annual Report
Breach of Legal and Regulatory Requirements
CCL Secure’s banknote substrate operation has the highest accreditation within the security printing industry. This
accreditation provides governments and central banks with assurance in respect of safeguarding high ethical standards
and business practices. Violation of CCL Secure’s highly strict requirements and constant detailed oversight in relation to
bribery, corruption and anti-competitive activities remains a risk in an industry expecting the highest ethical standards.
Consequently, the financial damage and potential reputational impairment on CCL Secure that could arise if the standards
and practices are compromised, or perceived to have been compromised, could have a material adverse effect on the
Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations.

Credit Ratings
The credit ratings currently assigned to the Company by Moody’s and S&P, or that may in the future be assigned by
other rating agencies, are subject to amendment in accordance with each agency’s rating methodology and subjective
modifiers driving the credit rating opinion. There is no assurance that any rating assigned to the Company will remain in
effect for any given period of time or that any rating will not be revised or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency in the
future. A downgrade in the credit rating assigned by one or more rating agencies could increase the Company’s cost of
borrowing or impact the Company’s ability to renegotiate debt, and may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s
financial condition and profitability.

Share Price Volatility
Changes in the Company’s stock price may affect access to, or cost of, financing from capital markets and may affect stock-
based compensation arrangements. The Company’s stock price has appreciated significantly over the last ten years and
is influenced by the financial results of the Company, changes in the overall stock market, demand for equity securities,
relative peer group performance, market expectation of future financial performance and competitive dynamics among
many other things. There is no assurance that the Company’s share price will not be volatile in the future.

Protection of Intellectual Property
Certain of the Company’s products involve complex technology and chemistry and the Company relies on maintaining
protection of this intellectual property and proprietary information to maintain a competitive advantage. The infringement,
expiration or other loss of these patents and other proprietary information would reduce the barriers to entry into
the Company’s existing lines of business and may result in loss of market share and a decrease in the Company’s
competitiveness, which could have an adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows. There also can be no assurance that the patents previously obtained or to be obtained by the Company in the
future will provide adequate protection of such intellectual property or adequately maintain any competitive advantage.

Dividends
The declaration and payment of dividends is subject to the discretion of the Board of Directors taking into account current
and anticipated cash flow, capital requirements, the general financial condition of the Company and global economy as
well as the various risk factors set out above. The Board of Directors intends to pay a consistent dividend with consistent
increases over time. However, the Board of Directors may in certain circumstances determine that it is in the best interests
of the Company to reduce or suspend the dividend. In that situation, the trading price of the Company’s Class A and
Class B shares may be materially affected.

Climate Change
Event risks caused by global climate change, including the frequency and severity of weather-related events, could damage
the Company’s facilities, disrupt operations and supply chains, impact revenues and cash flow, and create financial risk.
These could result in substantial costs for emergency response efforts during the event, reinstatement of regular business
operations and repair or replacement of premises and equipment. The potential impact or financial consequence of such
events is highly uncertain. The Company’s operations are spread over more than 214 locations around the world and
therefore are subject to varying climate change event risks.
Global climate change also gives rise to other risks to the Company’s business and operations, including increased
regulation and market shifts in supply and demand, which are also difficult to predict. Many countries in which the
Company carries on business are at differing stages of developing policy and regulations regarding carbon emissions and
other environmental impacts, which could significantly affect the Company’s business, create financial obligations and
increase operating costs. Increased public awareness of climate change may impact consumer demand for the Company’s
customers’ products. The Company’s failure to innovate more sustainable or circular economy products could have a
material adverse effect on its financial condition and profitability.
The Company’s failure to implement environmental, social and governance targets and initiatives, or to achieve its
sustainability targets could have a material adverse impact on its financial condition and profitability.
                                                                                                    2025 Annual Report   37
M A N A G E M E N T ’ S D I S C U S S I O N A N D A N A LY S I S
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 (Tabular amounts in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share data)




5.   AC C O U N T I N G P O L I C I E S A N D N O N - I F R S M E A S U R E S


A) Key Performance Indicators and Non-IFRS Measures
The Company measures the success of the business using a number of key performance indicators, many of which are in
accordance with IFRS as described throughout this report. The following performance indicators are not measurements
in accordance with IFRS and should not be considered as an alternative to or replacement of net earnings or any other
measure of performance under IFRS. These non-IFRS measures do not have any standardized meaning and may not be
comparable to similar measures presented by other issuers. These additional measures are used to provide added insight
into the Company’s results and are concepts often seen in external analysts’ research reports, in financial covenants
in banking agreements and note agreements, in purchase and sales contracts on acquisitions and divestitures of the
business, and in discussions and reports to and from the Company’s shareholders and the investment community. These
non-IFRS measures will be found throughout this report and are referenced alphabetically in the definition section below.
Adjusted Basic Earnings per Class B Share – An important non-IFRS measure to assist in understanding the ongoing
earnings performance of the Company excluding items of a one-time or non-recurring nature. It is not considered a
substitute for basic net earnings per Class B share, but it does provide additional insight into the ongoing financial
results of the Company. This non-IFRS measure is defined as basic net earnings per Class B share excluding gains on
business dispositions, goodwill impairment loss, non-cash acquisition accounting adjustments to inventory, revaluation
gain, restructuring and other items and tax adjustments.

Earnings per Class B Share
                                                                                        Three Months Ended                   Twelve Months Ended
                                                                                               December 31                           December 31

                                                                               2025                 2024              2025                2024
Basic earnings                                                          $      0.99          $       1.01         $   4.59        $        4.73
Restructuring and other items                                                  0.04                  0.01             0.05                 0.03
Revaluation gain                                                                 —                     —                —                 (0.44)
Adjusted basic earnings                                                 $      1.03          $       1.02         $   4.64        $        4.32

Adjusted EBITDA ­– A critical financial measure used extensively in the packaging industry and other industries to assist
in understanding and measuring operating results. It is also considered as a proxy for cash flow and a facilitator for
business valuations. This non-IFRS measure is defined as earnings before net finance cost, taxes, depreciation and
amortization, goodwill impairment loss, non-cash acquisition accounting adjustments to inventory, earnings in equity-
accounted investments, revaluation gain, and restructuring and other items. The Company believes that Adjusted EBITDA
is an important measure as it allows the assessment of the ongoing business without the impact of net finance cost,
depreciation and amortization and income tax expenses, as well as non-operating factors and one-time items. As a proxy
for cash flow, it is intended to indicate the Company’s ability to incur or service debt and to invest in property, plant and
equipment, and it allows comparison of the business to that of its peers and competitors who may have different capital
or organizational structures. Adjusted EBITDA is a measure tracked by financial analysts and investors to evaluate financial
performance and is a key metric in business valuations. Adjusted EBITDA is considered an important measure by lenders
to the Company and is included in the financial covenants for the Company’s bank lines of credit.




38       2025 Annual Report
The following table reconciles Adjusted EBITDA measures to IFRS measures reported in the annual consolidated income
statements for the periods ended as indicated.

Adjusted EBITDA
                                                                         Three Months Ended                 Twelve Months Ended
                                                                                December 31                         December 31

                                                                 2025                2024            2025                2024
Net earnings                                               $    171.1         $     179.8     $     802.4        $       843.1
Corporate expense                                                18.3                18.0            84.2                 77.6
Earnings in equity-accounted investments                         (1.1)               (2.9)           (5.6)               (18.9)
Finance cost, net                                                17.2                19.1            71.2                 75.0
Restructuring and other items                                     7.4                 1.2            10.5                  5.5
Revaluation gain                                                   —                   —               —                 (78.1)
Income taxes                                                     67.8                52.7           278.8                238.1
Operating income                                           $    280.7         $     267.9     $   1,241.5        $    1,142.3
Less: Corporate expense                                         (18.3)              (18.0)          (84.2)              (77.6)
Add: Depreciation and amortization                              121.2               111.7           465.2               432.4
Adjusted EBITDA (a non-IFRS measure)                       $    383.6         $     361.6     $   1,622.5        $    1,497.1

Days Working Capital Employed – A measure indicating the relative liquidity and asset intensity of the Company’s working
capital. It is calculated by multiplying the net working capital by the number of days in the quarter and then dividing by
the quarterly sales. Net working capital includes trade and other receivables, inventories, prepaid expenses, trade and
other payables, and income taxes recoverable and payable. The following table reconciles the net working capital used
in the days of working capital employed measure to IFRS measures reported in the consolidated statements of financial
position as at the periods ended as indicated.

Days Working Capital Employed
At December 31                                                                                       2025                2024
Trade and other receivables                                                                   $    1,293.4       $    1,251.4
Inventories                                                                                          805.0              819.9
Prepaid expenses                                                                                      61.0               62.1
Income taxes recoverable                                                                              67.6               51.8
Trade and other payables                                                                          (1,467.2)          (1,416.9)
Income taxes payable                                                                                 (34.7)             (42.2)
Net working capital                                                                           $     725.1        $       726.1
Days in quarter                                                                                       92                  92
Fourth quarter sales                                                                          $   1,876.2        $    1,812.5
Days of working capital employed                                                                      36                  37

Dividend Payout Ratio – The ratio of earnings paid out to the shareholders. It provides an indication of how well earnings
support the dividend payments. Dividend payout ratio is defined as dividends declared divided by earnings, excluding
goodwill impairment loss, non-cash acquisition accounting adjustments, restructuring and other items, revaluation gain,
and tax adjustments, (together “Adjusted earnings”) expressed as a percentage.




                                                                                                    2025 Annual Report       39
M A N A G E M E N T ’ S D I S C U S S I O N A N D A N A LY S I S
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 (Tabular amounts in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share data)




Dividend Payout Ratio		
                                                                                                                        2025                 2024
Dividends declared per equity                                                                                     $    223.7         $      206.4
Adjusted earnings                                                                                                 $    810.4         $      769.8
Dividend payout ratio                                                                                                     28%                   27%

Free Cash Flow from Operations – A measure indicating the relative amount of cash generated by the Company during
the year and available to fund dividends, debt repayments, share buybacks and acquisitions. It is calculated as cash flow
from operations, less capital expenditures, net of proceeds from the sale of property, plant and equipment.
The following table reconciles the measure of free cash flow from operations to IFRS measures reported in the annual
consolidated statements of cash flows for the periods ended as indicated.

Free Cash Flow from Operations
                                                                                                                                Twelve Months Ended
                                                                                                                                        December 31

                                                                                                                        2025                 2024
Cash provided by operating activities                                                                             $   1,304.4        $    1,063.9
Less: Additions to property, plant and equipment                                                                       (441.2)             (462.0)
Add: Proceeds on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                               28.1                 4.6
Free cash flow from operations                                                                                    $    891.3         $      606.5

Interest Coverage – A measure indicating the relative amount of operating income earned by the Company compared
to the amount of net finance cost incurred by the Company. It is calculated as operating income (see definition below),
including discontinued items, less corporate expense, divided by net finance cost on a twelve-month rolling basis.
The following table reconciles the interest coverage measure to IFRS measures reported in the annual consolidated
income statements for the periods ended as indicated.

Interest Coverage		
                                                                                                                                Twelve Months Ended
                                                                                                                                        December 31

                                                                                                                        2025                 2024
Operating income (a non-IFRS measure; see definition below)                                                       $   1,241.5        $    1,142.3
Less: Corporate expense                                                                                                 (84.2)              (77.6)
                                                                                                                  $   1,157.3        $    1,064.7
Net finance cost                                                                                                  $     71.2         $        75.0
Interest coverage                                                                                                       16.3                  14.2




40       2025 Annual Report
Net Debt – A measure indicating the financial indebtedness of the Company assuming that all cash on hand is used to
repay a portion of the outstanding debt. It is defined as current debt, which includes bank advances, plus long-term debt
and lease liabilities, less cash and cash equivalents.
Net Debt to Adjusted EBITDA (or “Leverage Ratio”) – A measure that indicates the financial leverage of the Company. It
indicates the Company’s ability to service its existing debt.
Operating Income – A measure indicating the profitability of the Company’s business units defined as income before
corporate expenses, net finance cost, goodwill impairment loss, earnings in equity-accounted investments, revaluation
gain, restructuring and other items and tax.
See the definition of Adjusted EBITDA above for a reconciliation of operating income measures to IFRS measures reported
in the annual consolidated income statements for the periods ended as indicated.
Restructuring and Other Items and Tax Adjustments – A measure of significant non-recurring items that are included in net
earnings. The impact of restructuring and other items and tax adjustments on a per share basis is measured by dividing the
after-tax income of the restructuring and other items and tax adjustments by the average number of shares outstanding in
the relevant period. Management will continue to disclose the impact of these items on the Company’s results because the
timing and extent of such items do not reflect or relate to the Company’s ongoing operating performance. Management
evaluates the operating income of its segments before the effect of these items.
Return on Sales – A measure indicating relative profitability of sales to customers. It is defined as operating income (see
definition above) divided by sales, expressed as a percentage.
The following table reconciles the return on sales measure to IFRS measures reported in the annual consolidated income
statement in the segmented information per note 4 of the Company’s annual consolidated financial statements for the
periods ended as indicated.




                                                                                                    2025 Annual Report   41
M A N A G E M E N T ’ S D I S C U S S I O N A N D A N A LY S I S
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 (Tabular amounts in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share data)




Return on Sales			
                                                                                        Three Months Ended                      Twelve Months Ended
                                                                                               December 31                              December 31

                                                                               2025                 2024                2025                 2024
Sales
  CCL                                                                   $   1,192.1          $   1,116.2          $   4,882.7        $    4,502.6
  Avery                                                                       258.0                239.7              1,062.2             1,049.1
  Checkpoint                                                                  260.2                277.4              1,012.1               986.9
  Innovia                                                                     165.9                179.2                706.8               706.4
  Total sales                                                           $   1,876.2          $   1,812.5          $   7,663.8        $    7,245.0
Operating income
 CCL                                                                    $     173.2          $     166.1          $    794.1         $      713.7
 Avery                                                                         54.7                 44.6               210.6                211.5
 Checkpoint                                                                    42.9                 40.5               162.5                150.9
 Innovia                                                                        9.9                 16.7                74.3                 66.2
  Total operating income                                                $     280.7          $     267.9          $   1,241.5        $    1,142.3
Return on sales
 CCL                                                                           14.5%                 14.9%              16.3%                 15.9%
 Avery                                                                         21.2%                 18.6%              19.8%                 20.2%
 Checkpoint                                                                    16.5%                 14.6%              16.1%                 15.3%
 Innovia                                                                        6.0%                  9.3%              10.5%                  9.4%
  Total return on sales                                                        15.0%                 14.8%              16.2%                 15.8%

Return on total capital before goodwill impairment loss, revaluation gain, restructuring and other items, non-cash
acquisition accounting adjustments and tax adjustments (“ROTC”) – A measure of the returns the Company is achieving
on capital employed. ROTC is calculated by dividing annual net income before goodwill impairment loss, revaluation gain,
restructuring and other items, non-cash acquisition accounting adjustments and tax adjustments by the average of the
beginning- and the end-of-year equity and net debt.
The following table reconciles net earnings used in calculating the ROTC measure to IFRS measures reported in the annual
consolidated statements of financial position and in the annual consolidated income statements for the periods ended
as indicated.

Return on Total Capital
                                                                                                                                Twelve Months Ended
                                                                                                                                        December 31

                                                                                                                        2025                 2024
Net earnings                                                                                                      $    802.4         $      843.1
Restructuring and other items (net of tax)                                                                               8.0                  4.8
Revaluation gain                                                                                                          —                 (78.1)
Adjusted net earnings                                                                                             $    810.4         $      769.8
Average total capital                                                                                             $   6,901.0        $    6,515.5
Return on total capital                                                                                                 11.7%                 11.8%

Total Debt – A measure indicating the financial indebtedness of the Company. It is defined as current debt, including bank
advances, plus long-term debt and lease liabilities.




42       2025 Annual Report
B) Accounting Policies

Accounting Policies
The above analysis and discussion of the Company’s financial condition and results of operation are based on its annual
consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS.
A summary of the Company’s material accounting policies is set out in note 3 of the annual consolidated financial
statements.

C) Critical Accounting Estimates
The preparation of financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
application of accounting policies and the reported amounts of sales and expenses during the year and the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements. In particular, estimates are used when determining the useful lives used for depreciation and amortization of
property, plant and equipment, definite-life intangible assets, and right-of-use assets, valuation of pension and other post-
employment benefits, valuation of deferred taxes, certain fair value measures, including those related to the valuation of
business combinations, share-based payments and financial instruments and in the valuation of goodwill and indefinite-
life intangible assets.

Goodwill and Indefinite-Life Intangibles
Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price of the Company’s interest in the businesses acquired over the fair
value of the underlying net identifiable tangible and intangible assets arising on acquisitions. Goodwill and indefinite-life
intangibles are not amortized but are required to be tested for impairment at least annually or if events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.
During the 2025 fourth quarter, the Company completed its annual impairment test as at September 30, 2025. Impairment
testing for the cash-generating units (“CGU”), CCL, Avery, Checkpoint, and Innovia, was done by a comparison of the
unit’s carrying amount to its estimated value in use, determined by discounting future cash flows from the continuing use
of the CGU. Key assumptions used in the determination of the value in use include growth rates of 3% to 5% and pre-tax
discount rates of 11% to 13%. Discount rates reflect current market assumptions and risks related to the CGUs and are based
upon the weighted average cost of capital. The Company’s historical growth rates are used as the basis in determining
the growth rate applied for impairment testing. Significant management judgment is required in preparing the forecasts
of future operating results that are used in the discounted cash flow method of valuation.
The estimated values in use of CCL, Avery, Checkpoint and Innovia CGUs exceeded their carrying values. As a result, no
goodwill and indefinite-life intangible assets impairment was recorded during 2025.

Long-Lived Assets
Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount
of an asset may not be recoverable. Performance of this evaluation involves management estimates of the associated
business plans, economic projections and anticipated cash flows. Specifically, management considers forecasted
operating cash flows, which are subject to change due to economic conditions, technological changes or changes in
operating performance. An impairment loss would be recognized if the carrying amount of the asset held for use exceeded
the discounted cash flow or fair value. Changes in these estimates in the future may result in an impairment charge.

Employee Benefits
The Company accrues its obligation under employee benefit plans and related costs net of plan assets. Pension costs are
determined periodically by independent actuaries. The actuarial determination of the accrued benefit obligations for the
plans uses the projected unit credit method and incorporates management’s best estimate of future salary escalation,
retirement age, inflation and other actuarial factors. The cost is then charged as services are rendered. Since these
assumptions, which are disclosed in note 20 of the 2025 annual consolidated financial statements, involve forward-looking
estimates and are long-term in nature, they are subject to uncertainty. Actual results may differ, and the differences may
be material.

D) Related Party Transactions
A summary of the Company’s related party transactions is set out in note 27 of the 2025 annual consolidated financial
statements.




                                                                                                     2025 Annual Report   43
M A N A G E M E N T ’ S D I S C U S S I O N A N D A N A LY S I S
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 (Tabular amounts in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share data)




6. O U T LO O K

The 2025 year started with bold tariff threats from the new U.S. administration, bolstering uncertainty whether inflationary
pressures would truly cease, a continuance of the wars in the Middle East and Ukraine, resulting in speculation of a global
economic slowdown. However, actual U.S. tariffs were not as significant as initially signaled, inflationary tensions eased,
major central banks, including the U.S. Federal Reserve, cautiously lowered interest rates, a ceasefire in the Middle East
has been reached, while Ukraine and Russia appear engaged in deescalation negotiations. All-in for 2025, the Company
posted record adjusted earnings of $4.64 per Class B share compared to $4.32 per Class B share for 2024, returned
$523.7 million to shareholders in dividends and share buyback and still finished the year with a healthy liquidity position with
almost $2.4 billion in cash and available credit capacity. For 2026, management is cautiously optimistic about its growth
opportunities, tariff noise from 2025 has settled and alternative supply chain opportunities have been identified, market
opportunities exist in all business segments as returns on the capital investments from the last two years are realized.
The CCL Segment reported a solid year in 2025, outperforming its significant competitors while continuing to invest
in capacity and technology additions throughout its footprint, positioning for growth and improved profitability in the
coming years. For CCL Secure, new business wins for polymer banknote substrate and passport components should drive
improved sales volume in 2026.
For 2026, growth at Avery’s Direct-to-Consumer businesses and continued profit improvement in the Horticultural
operations, is expected and should outpace legacy product lines. Further “tuck-in” acquisitions augmenting Avery’s
presence globally are also possible.
Checkpoint expects continued strong demand in 2026 for RFID-related products, including categories beyond the retail
and apparel space. Checkpoint’s new RFID inlay facility in Mexico will utilize its capacity to fulfill this initiative to become
one of the leaders in the North American market. With new large facilities in Bangladesh and Vietnam, the core MAS and
ALS retail and apparel product categories are also expected to grow and improve profitability in 2026.
For Innovia, 2026 will be significantly focused on profitably filling capacity of its new thin-gauge film line in Germany,
reducing start-up losses and turning profitable by the end of the year. The new proprietary “EcoFloat” shrink film line
in Poland is expected to continue to add volume in 2026, and new coating lines in Mexico and the U.K. should add new
product depth. All-in, Innovia is expected to improve on its 2025 results.
The Company concluded the year with cash and cash equivalents of $998.2 million and unused availability on the revolving
credit facility of approximately US$1.0 billion. The Company’s liquidity position is robust, with a net debt leverage ratio
of 0.78 times Adjusted EBITDA at the end of the current year, despite business acquisitions and net capital investments
of $24.6 million and $413.1 million, respectively, as well as $300.0 million used to buy back the Company’s Class B non-
voting shares. As always, the Company remains focused on vigilantly managing working capital and prioritizing capital
to higher-growth organic opportunities or unique acquisitions expected to enhance shareholder value. The Company
currently expects capital expenditures for 2026 to be approximately $470.0 million, supporting organic growth and new
greenfield opportunities globally. Early first-quarter 2026 orders have been stable, raw material and energy cost pressures
in line, with the economic impacts of U.S. tariffs fading, therefore if demand remains stable for the remainder of the year
and the Company executes on its global growth initiatives, results for 2026 should deliver good progress over 2025.




44       2025 Annual Report
KPMG LLP
Bay Adelaide Centre
333 Bay Street, Suite 4600
Toronto, ON M5H 2S5
Canada
Tel 416 777 8500
Fax 416 777 8818


                                                INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
To the Shareholders of CCL Industries Inc.

Opinion
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of CCL Industries Inc. (the Entity), which
comprise:
•      the consolidated statement of financial position as at December 31, 2025 and December 31,
       2024
•      the consolidated income statements for the years then ended
•      the consolidated statements of comprehensive income for the years then ended
•      the consolidated statements of changes in equity for the years then ended
•      the consolidated statements of cash flows for the years then ended
•      and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of material accounting
       policy information
(Hereinafter referred to as the “financial statements”).
In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the
consolidated financial position of the Entity as at December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, and
its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the years then ended in
accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards
Board.

Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards. Our
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the “Auditor’s Responsibilities for
the Audit of the Financial Statements” section of our auditor’s report.
We are independent of the Entity in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our
audit of the financial statements in Canada and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in
accordance with these requirements.

KPMG LLP, an Ontario limited liability partnership and member firm of the KPMG global organization of independent member firms affiliated
with KPMG International Limited, a private English company limited by guarantee. KPMG Canada provides services to KPMG LLP.




                                                                                                                                            2025 Annual Report   45
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis
for our opinion.

Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in
our audit of the financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2025. These matters were
addressed in the context of our audit of the financial statements as a whole, and in forming our
opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.
We have determined the matter described below to be the key audit matter to be communicated in
our auditor’s report.
Evaluation of goodwill and brands for impairment
Description of the matter
We draw attention to Notes 2(d), 3(e), 3(h(ii)), 12 and 13 of the financial statements.
The goodwill and indefinite-life intangible assets (goodwill and brands) balances were $2,591.4
million and $471.8 million respectively. The Entity performs goodwill and brands impairment testing
annually or more frequently when events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of a
cash generating unit (CGU) or group of CGUs may exceed its recoverable amount. The recoverable
amount is the higher of a group of CGUs’ fair value, less costs to sell, and its value in use. The value
in use is determined by discounting the future cash flows generated from the continuing performance
of each group of CGUs. Key assumptions used in the determination of the value in use include
growth rates and discount rates.
Why the matter is a key audit matter
We identified the evaluation of the goodwill and brands for impairment as a key audit matter. This
matter represented an area of significant risk of material misstatement and high degree of estimation
uncertainty in determining the value in use. Significant auditor attention and significant auditor
judgment, in particular that of senior team members and valuation professionals with specialized
skills and knowledge, were required in performing and evaluating the results of our procedures.
How the matter was addressed in the audit
The primary procedures we performed to address this key audit matter included the following:
We evaluated the forecasted profitability of each group of CGUs by comparing it to its historical
profitability growth rates. We took into account changes in conditions and events affecting the group
of CGUs to assess the adjustments, or lack of adjustments, made in arriving at those forecasted
cashflows. We considered the current economic environment along with internal and external
communications made by the Entity to evaluate if they are indicative of a continuation of, or a change
from, past experience.



                                                                                                       2




46     2025 Annual Report
We involved valuation professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in
assessing the discount rate of each group of CGUs, which was based on weighted average cost of
capital (WACC) by comparing each group of CGUs’ WACC to a WACC range that was independently
developed using publicly available data including risk premiums, betas and debt to capital ratios for
comparable entities.
We assessed the reasonableness of the recoverable amount of goodwill and brand assets by
developing an estimated recoverable amount using each group of CGUs’ future cash flows and the
independently developed discount rate developed by valuation professionals above and comparing
the result to each group of CGUs’ estimated recoverable amount.
We performed sensitivity analyses over key assumptions and assessed their impact on the Entity’s
determination that the estimated recoverable amount of each group of CGUs exceeded their carrying
amounts.

Other Information
Management is responsible for the other information. Other information comprises:
•   the information included in Management’s Discussion and Analysis.
•   the information, other than the financial statements and the auditor’s report thereon, included in
    a document likely to be entitled “Annual Report”.
Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not and will
not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information identified above and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially
inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit and remain alert for
indications that the other information appears to be materially misstated.
We obtained the information included in Management’s Discussion and Analysis as at the date of
this auditor’s report. If, based on the work we have performed on this other information, we conclude
that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact in
the auditor’s report.
We have nothing to report in this regard.
The information, other than the financial statements and the auditor’s report thereon, included in a
document likely to be entitled “Annual Report” is expected to be made available to us after the date
of this auditor’s report. If, based on the work we will perform on this other information, we conclude
that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact to
those charged with governance.




                                                                                                        3




                                                                                            2025 Annual Report   47
Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged with Governance for the
Financial Statements
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in
accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards
Board, and for such internal control as management determines is necessary to enable the
preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or
error.
In preparing the financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Entity's ability to
continue as a going concern, disclosing as applicable, matters related to going concern and using
the going concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the Entity or to
cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Entity's financial reporting
process.

Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report
that includes our opinion.
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted
in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards will always detect a material
misstatement when it exists.
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the
aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken
on the basis of the financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards, we exercise
professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit.
We also:

•    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due
     to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit
     evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

     The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one
     resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
     misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

•    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit
     procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an
     opinion on the effectiveness of the Entity's internal control.

                                                                                                      4




48      2025 Annual Report
•   Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
    estimates and related disclosures made by management.

•   Conclude on the appropriateness of management's use of the going concern basis of accounting
    and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to
    events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Entity's ability to continue as a going
    concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in
    our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the financial statements or, if such disclosures
    are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained
    up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Entity
    to cease to continue as a going concern.

•   Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the
    disclosures, and whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and
    events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

•   Communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned
    scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies
    in internal control that we identify during our audit.

•   Provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant
    ethical requirements regarding independence, and communicate with them all relationships and
    other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where
    applicable, related safeguards.

•   Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the
    financial information of the entities or business units within the group as a basis for forming an
    opinion on the group financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and
    review of the audit work performed for the purposes of the group audit. We remain solely
    responsible for our audit opinion.

•   Determine, from the matters communicated with those charged with governance, those matters
    that were of most significance in the audit of the financial statements of the current period and
    are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law
    or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare
    circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our auditor’s report
    because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the
    public interest benefits of such communication.




                                                                                                         5




                                                                                             2025 Annual Report   49
Chartered Professional Accountants, Licensed Public Accountants
The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this auditor’s report is Sarah Catherine DeGuzman.
Toronto, Canada
February 25, 2026




                                                                                                  6




50     2025 Annual Report
C O N S O L I D AT E D S TAT E M E N T S O F F I N A N C I A L P O S I T I O N
(In millions of Canadian dollars)




As at December 31                                                                Note                   2025                2024
Assets
Current assets
 Cash and cash equivalents                                                              6         $     998.2      $      828.7
 Trade and other receivables                                                            7             1,293.4           1,251.4
 Inventories                                                                            8               805.0             819.9
 Prepaid expenses                                                                                        61.0              62.1
 Assets held for sale                                                                                      —               23.5
 Income taxes recoverable                                                                                67.6              51.8
 Derivative instruments                                                             24                    8.7               0.1
Total current assets                                                                                  3,233.9           3,037.5
Non-current assets
 Property, plant and equipment                                                      10                2,844.3           2,698.1
 Right-of-use assets                                                                11                  206.3             215.4
 Goodwill                                                                        12,13                2,591.4           2,554.1
 Intangible assets                                                               12,13                1,045.7           1,109.7
 Deferred tax assets                                                                15                   78.9              94.7
 Equity-accounted investments                                                        9                   72.8              60.9
 Other assets                                                                                            28.2              31.7
 Derivative instruments                                                             24                     —               57.0
Total non-current assets                                                                              6,867.6           6,821.6
Total assets                                                                                      $ 10,101.5       $    9,859.1
Liabilities
Current liabilities
  Trade and other payables                                                          14            $   1,467.2      $    1,416.9
  Current portion of long-term debt                                                 18                  687.0               4.2
  Lease liabilities                                                                                      49.6              47.2
  Income taxes payable                                                                                   34.7              42.2
  Derivative instruments                                                            24                   38.1                —
Total current liabilities                                                                             2,276.6           1,510.5
Non-current liabilities
 Long-term debt                                                                     18                1,370.8           2,232.5
 Lease liabilities                                                                                      152.8             163.7
 Deferred tax liabilities                                                           15                  329.3             347.3
 Employee benefits                                                                  20                  293.0             307.7
 Provisions and other long-term liabilities                                                              16.1              16.7
 Derivative instruments                                                             24                   22.5                —
Total non-current liabilities                                                                         2,184.5           3,067.9
Total liabilities                                                                                     4,461.1           4,578.4
Equity
 Share capital                                                                      16                  613.5             607.8
 Contributed surplus                                                                                    121.7             101.1
 Retained earnings                                                                                    4,795.0           4,492.3
 Accumulated other comprehensive income                                             29                  110.2              79.5
Total equity attributable to shareholders of the Company                                              5,640.4           5,280.7
  Acquisitions                                                                       5
  Commitments and contingencies                                                     26
  Subsequent events                                                                 31
Total liabilities and equity                                                                      $ 10,101.5       $    9,859.1

See accompanying explanatory notes to the consolidated financial statements.

On behalf of the Board:

                                                                                 Donald G. Lang         Geoffrey T. Martin
                                                                                 Director               Director


                                                                                                       2025 Annual Report      51
C O N S O L I D AT E D I N C O M E S TAT E M E N T S
(In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)




Years ended December 31                                                        Note          2025           2024
Sales                                                                                  $   7,663.8    $   7,245.0
Cost of sales                                                                              5,367.6        5,107.3
Gross profit                                                                               2,296.2        2,137.7
Selling, general and administrative expenses                                               1,138.9        1,073.0
Restructuring and other items                                                     30          10.5            5.5
Revaluation gain                                                                   5            —           (78.1)
Earnings in equity-accounted investments                                                      (5.6)         (18.9)
                                                                                           1,152.4        1,156.2
Finance cost                                                                      19          91.9           89.8
Finance income                                                                    19         (29.8)         (23.5)
Interest on lease liabilities                                                  11,19           9.1            8.7
Net finance cost                                                                             71.2           75.0
Earnings before income tax                                                                 1,081.2        1,081.2
Income tax expense                                                                22         278.8          238.1
Net earnings                                                                           $    802.4     $    843.1
Earnings per share
Basic earnings per Class B share                                                  17   $     4.59     $     4.73
Diluted earnings per Class B share                                                17   $     4.57     $     4.70

See accompanying explanatory notes to the consolidated financial statements.




52       2025 Annual Report
C O N S O L I D AT E D S TAT E M E N T S O F C O M P R E H E N S I V E I N C O M E
(In millions of Canadian dollars)




Years ended December 31                                                                                 2025                 2024
Net earnings                                                                                        $   802.4       $        843.1
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax:
Items that may subsequently be reclassified to income:
  Foreign currency translation adjustment for foreign operations, net of
     tax expense of $7.8 for the year ended December 31, 2025 (2024 – tax expense of $4.0)               84.9                260.1
  Net losses on hedges of net investment in foreign operations, net of tax recovery of
     $7.9 for the year ended December 31, 2025 (2024 – tax recovery of $10.2)                           (54.3)               (69.2)
  Effective portion of changes in fair value of cash flow hedges, net of
     tax expense of $0.1 for the year ended December 31, 2025 (2024 – tax expense of $0.1)                0.3                  0.2
Net change in fair value of cash flow hedges transferred to the income statement,
     net of tax expense of $0.1 for the year ended December 31, 2025 (2024 – tax expense of $0.1)        (0.2)                (0.2)
Actuarial gains (losses) on defined benefit post-employment plans, net of tax expense of
     $5.0 for the year ended December 31, 2025 (2024 – tax recovery of $2.9)                             14.2                 (6.9)
Other comprehensive income, net of tax                                                                   44.9                184.0
Total comprehensive income                                                                          $   847.3       $    1,027.1

See accompanying explanatory notes to the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                        2025 Annual Report      53
C O N S O L I D AT E D S TAT E M E N T S O F C H A N G E S I N E Q U I T Y
(In millions of Canadian dollars)




                                                                                                                                  Accumulated           Total
                                                                                                                                        Other          Equity
                                                                   Class A         Class B    Total                             Comprehensive    Attributable
                                                                    Shares         Shares     Share    Contributed       Retained     Income               to
                                                                 (note 16)       (note 16)   Capital       Surplus       Earnings      (Loss)   Shareholders
Balance, January 1, 2024                                 $            4.5    $     516.0 $   520.5     $    157.9    $   4,056.2    $ (111.4) $     4,623.2

Net earnings                                                           —               —         —             — 8          43.1          —           843.1
Dividends declared
  Class A                                                              —               —         —             —           (13.5)          —          (13.5)
  Class B                                                              —               —         —             —          (192.9)          —         (192.9)
Defined benefit plan actuarial loss, net of tax                        —               —         —             —            (6.9)          —           (6.9)
Stock-based compensation plan                                          —             89.2      89.2         (55.5)            —            —           33.7
Stock options exercised                                                —              7.6       7.6          (1.3)            —            —            6.3
Repurchase of shares (note 16)                                         —             (9.5)     (9.5)           —          (193.7)          —         (203.2)
Other comprehensive income                                             —               —         —             —              —         190.9         190.9

Balance, December 31, 2024                               $            4.5    $     603.3 $   607.8     $    101.1    $   4,492.3    $    79.5 $     5,280.7

Net earnings                                                           —               —         —             —           802.4          —           802.4
Dividends declared
  Class A                                                              —               —         —             —           (14.9)          —          (14.9)
  Class B                                                              —               —         —             —          (208.8)          —         (208.8)
Defined benefit plan actuarial gain, net of tax                        —               —         —             —            14.2           —           14.2
Stock-based compensation plan                                          —             20.1      20.1          20.6             —            —           40.7
Repurchase of shares (note 16)                                         —            (14.4)    (14.4)           —          (290.2)          —         (304.6)
Other comprehensive income                                             —               —         —             —              —          30.7          30.7

Balance, December 31, 2025                                   $        4.5    $     609.0 $   613.5     $    121.7    $   4,795.0    $   110.2 $     5,640.4

See accompanying explanatory notes to the consolidated financial statements.




54        2025 Annual Report
C O N S O L I D AT E D S TAT E M E N T S O F C A S H F L O W S
(In millions of Canadian dollars)




Years ended December 31                                                              2025                 2024
Cash provided by (used for)

Operating activities
Net earnings                                                                   $    802.4       $        843.1
Adjustments for:
 Property, plant and equipment depreciation                                         332.7                305.5
 Right-of-use assets depreciation                                                    56.6                 53.8
 Intangible amortization                                                             75.9                 73.1
 Earnings in equity-accounted investments, net of dividends received                  1.0                (18.9)
 Net finance cost                                                                    71.2                 75.0
 Current income tax expense                                                         281.2                249.9
 Deferred income tax recovery                                                        (2.4)               (11.8)
 Equity-settled share-based payment transactions                                     40.7                 33.7
 Revaluation gain                                                                      —                 (78.1)
 Gain on sale of property, plant and equipment                                       (0.6)                (3.0)
                                                                                   1,658.7           1,522.3
  Change in inventories                                                               16.3             (77.5)
  Change in trade and other receivables                                              (40.1)           (142.0)
  Change in prepaid expenses                                                           1.3             (10.8)
  Change in trade and other payables                                                  20.9              70.7
  Change in income taxes recoverable and payable                                      (0.1)             (8.9)
  Change in employee benefits                                                          4.5              15.3
  Change in other assets and liabilities                                              (3.5)              9.7
                                                                                   1,658.0           1,378.8
Net interest paid                                                                    (53.4)            (57.4)
Income taxes paid                                                                   (300.2)           (257.5)
Cash provided by operating activities                                              1,304.4           1,063.9
Financing activities
  Proceeds on issuance of long-term debt                                            355.9                 236.8
  Repayment of long-term debt                                                      (487.5)               (210.0)
  Repayment of lease liabilities                                                    (54.2)                (50.4)
  Proceeds from issuance of shares                                                     —                    6.3
  Repurchase of shares (note 16)                                                   (300.0)               (200.6)
  Dividends paid                                                                   (223.7)               (206.4)
Cash used for financing activities                                                 (709.5)               (424.3)
Investing activities
  Additions to property, plant and equipment                                       (441.2)               (462.0)
  Proceeds on disposal of property, plant and equipment                              28.1                   4.6
  Business acquisitions (note 5)                                                    (24.6)               (142.9)
Cash used for investing activities                                                 (437.7)               (600.3)
  Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                         157.2                 39.3
  Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                                    828.7                774.2
  Translation adjustments on cash and cash equivalents                               12.3                 15.2
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                                       $    998.2       $        828.7

See accompanying explanatory notes to the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                    2025 Annual Report       55
N O T E S T O T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 (In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)




1.   REPORTING ENTITY

CCL Industries Inc. (the “Company”) is a public company, listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange, and is incorporated and
domiciled in Canada. These consolidated financial statements of the Company as at and for the years ended December 31,
2025 and 2024, comprise the results of the Company, its subsidiaries and its interest in joint ventures and associates. The
Company has manufacturing facilities around the world and is primarily involved in the manufacture of labels, consumer
printable media products, technology-driven label solutions, polymer banknote substrates and specialty films.


2 . B A S I S O F P R E PA R AT I O N


(a) Statement of compliance
These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by
the International Accounting Standards Board.
These consolidated financial statements were authorized for issue by the Company’s Board of Directors on February 25,
2026.

(b) Basis of measurement
These consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for the following items in
the consolidated statements of financial position:
• Derivative financial instruments are measured at fair value;
• Financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss are measured at fair value; and
•	Assets related to the defined benefit plans are measured at fair value and liabilities related to the defined benefit plans
   are calculated by qualified actuaries using the projected unit credit method.

(c) Presentation currency
These consolidated financial statements are presented in Canadian dollars, which is the Company’s presentation currency.
All financial information, except per share information, is presented in millions of Canadian dollars, unless otherwise noted.

(d) Use of estimates and judgements
The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the application of accounting policies and the reported amounts of sales and expenses during the year and the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
Estimates and assumptions are used mainly in determining the measurement of recognized transactions and balances.
In the process of applying the Company’s accounting policies, management makes various judgements, apart from those
involving estimations, that can significantly affect the amounts it recognizes in the financial statements.
Judgements, estimates and assumptions are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other
factors including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.
The Company has applied judgement in its assessment of the classification of financial instruments, the recognition and
derecognition of tax losses and provisions, the determination of cash-generating units (“CGUs”), the identification of the
indicators of impairment for property, plant and equipment, definite-life intangible assets and right-of-use assets, the
level of componentization of property, plant and equipment and in the recognition of assets and liabilities acquired in
business combinations.
Estimates are used when determining the useful lives used for depreciation and amortization of property, plant and
equipment, definite-life intangible assets, and right-of-use assets, valuation of pension and other post-employment
benefits, valuation of deferred taxes, certain fair value measures, including those related to the valuation of business
combinations, share-based payments and financial instruments and in the valuation of goodwill and indefinite-life
intangible assets.




56       2025 Annual Report
3 . M AT E R I A L AC C O U N T I N G P O L I C I E S

The accounting policies set out below have been applied consistently to all comparative information presented in these
consolidated financial statements.

(a) Basis of consolidation

(i)   Business combinations
The Company measures goodwill as the fair value of the consideration transferred including the recognized amount of any
non-controlling interest in the acquiree, less the net recognized amount of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities
assumed, all measured as of the acquisition date. When the excess is negative, a bargain purchase gain is recognized
immediately in profit or loss. The Company elects to measure, on a transaction-by-transaction basis, non-controlling
interest either at its fair value or at its proportionate share of the recognized amount of the identifiable net assets at
the acquisition date. Transaction costs, other than those associated with the issue of debt or equity securities, that the
Company incurs in connection with a business combination are expensed as incurred.

(ii) Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Company. Control exists when the Company is exposed to, or has rights to,
variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the
entity. The financial statements of subsidiaries are included in the consolidated financial statements from the date that
control commences until the date that control ceases. The accounting policies of subsidiaries have been changed, when
necessary, to align them with the policies adopted by the Company.

(iii) Associates and joint arrangements
The Company’s interests in equity-accounted investees comprise interests in associates and joint ventures.
Associates are those entities in which the Company has significant influence, but not control or joint control, over the
financial and operating policies. Significant influence is presumed to exist when the Company holds between 20% and
50% of the voting power of another entity.
The Company classifies its interests in joint arrangements as either joint operations (if the Company has rights to the assets
and has obligations for the liabilities relating to an arrangement) or joint ventures (if the Company has the rights only to the
net assets of an arrangement). When making this assessment, the Company considers the structure of the arrangements,
the legal form of any separate vehicles, the contractual terms of the arrangements and other facts and circumstances.
Investments in associates and joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method and are recognized initially at
cost. The Company’s investments include goodwill identified on acquisition, net of any accumulated impairment losses.
The consolidated financial statements include the Company’s share of the income and expenses and equity movements of
equity-accounted investees, after adjustments to align the accounting policies with those of the Company, from the date
that significant influence commences until the date that it ceases. When the Company’s share of losses exceeds its interest
in an equity-accounted investee, the carrying amount of that interest (including any long-term investments) is reduced to
nil and the recognition of further losses is discontinued, except to the extent that the Company has an obligation or has
made payments on behalf of the investee.

(iv) Transactions eliminated on consolidation
Inter-company balances and transactions, and any unrealized income and expenses arising from inter-company
transactions, are eliminated in preparing the consolidated financial statements. Unrealized gains arising from transactions
with equity-accounted investees are eliminated against the investment to the extent of the Company’s interest in the
investee. Unrealized losses are eliminated in the same way as unrealized gains, but only to the extent that there is no
evidence of impairment.




                                                                                                        2025 Annual Report   57
N O T E S T O T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 (In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)




(b) Foreign currency

(i)   Foreign currency transactions
Transactions in foreign currencies are translated to the respective functional currencies of the Company’s entities using
exchange rates at the dates of the transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the
reporting date are translated to the functional currency using the exchange rate at that date. The foreign currency gain or
loss on monetary items is the difference between amortized cost in the functional currency at the beginning of the period,
adjusted for effective interest and payments during the period, and the amortized cost in the foreign currency translated
at the exchange rate at the end of the period. Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies that
are measured at fair value are translated to the functional currency at the exchange rate at the date that the fair value was
determined. Foreign currency differences arising on translation are recognized in the consolidated income statement,
except for differences arising on the translation of a financial liability designated as a hedge of the net investment in a
foreign operation or qualifying cash flow hedges, which are recognized directly in other comprehensive income (see
note 3(b)(iii)). Foreign currency-denominated non-monetary items, measured at historical cost, have been translated at
the rate of exchange at the transaction date.
The financial statements of each of the Company’s subsidiaries are measured using the currency of the primary economic
environment in which the entity operates.
The assets and liabilities of foreign operations, including goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on acquisition,
are translated into Canadian dollars using exchange rates at the reporting date. The income and expenses of foreign
operations are translated into Canadian dollars using the average exchange rates for the period.

(ii) Foreign operations
Foreign currency differences are recognized directly in other comprehensive income (loss) and presented within the
foreign currency translation adjustment.
When a foreign operation is disposed of, the amount in other comprehensive income (loss) related to the foreign operation
is fully transferred to the consolidated income statement. A disposal occurs when the entire interest in the foreign operation
is disposed of or, in the case of a partial disposal, when the partial disposal results in the loss of control of a subsidiary
or the loss of significant influence. For any partial disposal of the Company’s interest in a subsidiary that includes a
foreign operation, the Company re-attributes the proportionate share of the relevant amounts in other comprehensive
income to non-controlling interests. For any other partial disposal of a foreign operation, the Company reclassifies to the
consolidated income statement only the proportionate share of the relevant amount in other comprehensive income.
Foreign exchange gains and losses arising from a monetary item receivable from, or payable to, a foreign operation, the
settlement of which is neither planned nor likely in the foreseeable future, are considered to form part of a net investment
in a foreign operation and are recognized directly in other comprehensive income and presented within the foreign
currency translation adjustment.

(iii) Hedge of net investment in a foreign operation
The Company applies hedge accounting to the foreign currency exposure arising between the functional currency of the
foreign operation and the parent entity’s functional currency, regardless of whether the net investment is held directly
or through an intermediate parent.
Foreign currency differences arising on the translation of a financial liability designated as a hedge of a net investment
in a foreign operation are recognized directly in other comprehensive income to the extent that the hedge is effective.
To the extent that the hedge is ineffective, such differences are recognized in the consolidated income statement. When
the hedged part of a net investment is disposed of or partially disposed of, the associated cumulative amount in equity is
transferred to the consolidated income statement as an adjustment to the consolidated income statement on disposal,
in accordance with the policy described in note 3(b)(ii).




58       2025 Annual Report
(c) Financial instruments

(i)    Financial assets and liabilities
The Company recognizes financial assets and financial liabilities initially at fair value and subsequently measures them at
either fair value or amortized cost based on the following classifications:

Amortized cost:
The Company classifies financial assets held to collect contractual cash flows at amortized cost, including cash and cash
equivalents and trade and other receivables. The Company initially recognizes the carrying amount of such assets on the
consolidated statement of financial position at fair value plus directly attributable transaction costs, and subsequently
measures them at amortized cost using the effective interest method, less any impairment losses.

Fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”):
Financial assets purchased and financial liabilities incurred, with the intention of generating earnings in the near term,
are classified as FVTPL. This category includes derivative assets and derivative liabilities that do not qualify for hedge
accounting, if any. For items classified as FVTPL, the Company initially recognizes such financial assets on the consolidated
statement of financial position at fair value and recognizes subsequent changes in the consolidated income statement.
Transaction costs incurred are expensed in the consolidated income statements. The Company does not currently hold
any assets and liabilities designated as FVTPL.

Fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”):
This category includes the Company’s investments in securities. Subsequent to initial recognition, they are measured at
fair value on the consolidated statement of financial position and changes therein are recognized in other comprehensive
income. When an investment is derecognized, the accumulated gain or loss in other comprehensive income is not
transferred to the consolidated income statement.

Other financial liabilities:
This category is for financial liabilities that are not classified as FVTPL or FVTOCI and includes trade and other payables
and long-term debt. These financial liabilities are recorded at amortized cost on the consolidated statement of financial
position.
Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount presented in the statement of financial position when, and
only when, the Company has a legal right to offset the amounts and intends either to settle on a net basis or to realize the
asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

(ii)   Derivative financial instruments, including hedge accounting
The Company uses derivative financial instruments to manage its foreign currency and interest-rate-risk exposure and its
price-risk exposure related to the purchase of raw materials. Embedded derivatives are separated from the host contract
and accounted for separately. If the economic characteristics and risks of the host contract and the embedded derivative
are not closely related, a separate instrument with the same terms as the embedded derivative would meet the definition
of a derivative, and the combined instrument is not measured at fair value through the consolidated income statement.
Changes in the fair value of separable embedded derivatives are recognized immediately in the consolidated income
statement.
On initial designation of the hedge, the Company formally documents the relationship between the hedging instrument(s)
and hedged item(s), including the risk management objectives and strategy in undertaking the hedge transaction, together
with the methods that will be used to assess the effectiveness of the hedging relationship. The Company makes periodic
assessments of prospective hedge effectiveness.
The fair value of forward exchange contracts is based on their listed market prices, if available. If a listed market price is
not available, then fair value is estimated by discounting the difference between the contractual forward price and the
current forward price for the residual maturity of the contract using a risk-free interest rate (based on government bonds).
The fair value of interest rate swaps is based on broker quotes. Those quotes are tested for reasonableness by discounting
estimated future cash flows based on the terms and maturity of each contract and using market interest rates for a similar
instrument at the measurement date.
Fair values reflect the credit risk of the instrument and include adjustments to take into account the credit risk of the group
entity and counterparty when appropriate.




                                                                                                       2025 Annual Report   59
N O T E S T O T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 (In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)




Cash flow hedges
When a derivative is designated as the hedging instrument in a hedge of the variability in cash flows attributable to a
particular risk associated with a recognized asset or liability or a highly probable forecast transaction that could affect profit
or loss, the effective portion of changes in the fair value of the derivative is recognized in other comprehensive income
and presented in the hedging reserve in equity. The amount recognized in other comprehensive income is removed and
included in profit or loss in the same period that the hedged cash flows affect profit or loss, under the same line item in
the consolidated statement of comprehensive income as the hedged item. Any ineffective portion of changes in the fair
value of the derivative is recognized immediately in the consolidated income statement.
If the hedging instrument no longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting, or it expires or is sold, terminated, exercised,
or the designation is revoked, then hedge accounting is discontinued prospectively. The cumulative gain or loss previously
recognized in other comprehensive income and presented in unrealized gains or losses on cash flow hedges in equity
remains there until the forecast transaction affects profit or loss. When the hedged item is a non-financial asset, the
amount recognized in other comprehensive income is transferred to the carrying amount of the asset when the asset is
recognized. If the forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur, then the balance in other comprehensive income
is recognized immediately in profit or loss. In other cases, the amount recognized in other comprehensive income is
transferred to the consolidated income statement in the same period that the hedged item affects profit or loss.

Fair value hedges
Fair value hedges are hedges of the fair value of recognized assets, liabilities or unrecognized firm commitments. Changes
in the fair value of derivatives that are designated as fair value hedges are recorded in the consolidated income statement,
together with any changes in the fair value of the hedged item that are attributable to the hedged risk.

(d) Property, plant and equipment

(i)   Recognition and measurement
Items of property, plant and equipment are measured at cost, less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment
losses.
Cost includes expenditures that are directly attributable to the acquisition of the asset. The cost of self-constructed assets
includes the cost of materials and direct labour, any other costs directly attributable to bringing the assets to a working
condition for their intended uses, and the costs of dismantling and removing the items and restoring the site on which
they are located. Purchased software that is integral to the functionality of the related equipment is capitalized as part
of that equipment.
The fair value of property, plant and equipment recognized as a result of a business combination is based on the amount
for which a property could be exchanged on the date of valuation between knowledgeable, willing parties in an arm’s
length transaction.
Borrowing costs related to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets are capitalized as part of the
cost of the assets.
When parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, they are accounted for as separate
items (major components) of property, plant and equipment.
Gains and losses on disposal of an item of property, plant and equipment are determined by comparing the proceeds
from disposal with the carrying amount of property, plant and equipment and are recognized within selling, general and
administrative expenses in the consolidated income statement.
The cost of replacing a part of an item of property, plant and equipment is recognized in the carrying amount of the item
if it is probable that the future economic benefits embodied within the part will flow to the Company and its cost can be
measured reliably. The carrying amount of the replaced part is derecognized. The costs of the day-to-day servicing of
property, plant and equipment are recognized in profit or loss as incurred.




60       2025 Annual Report
(ii) Depreciation
Depreciation is calculated based on the cost of the asset, or other amount substituted for cost, less its residual value.
Depreciation is recognized in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of each part of an item
of property, plant and equipment, since this most closely reflects the expected pattern of consumption of the future
economic benefits embodied in the asset.
The estimated useful lives for the current and comparative periods are as follows:
• Buildings 		Up to 40 years
• Machinery and equipment 		Up to 20 years
• Fixtures and fittings 		Up to 10 years
• Minor components 		Up to 5 years
Depreciation methods, useful lives and residual values are reviewed at each reporting date and adjusted if appropriate.

(e) Intangible assets

(i)   Goodwill
Goodwill arises on the acquisition of subsidiaries and is tested for impairment annually or more frequently if events
or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. For measurement of goodwill at initial
recognition, see note 3(a)(i).

Subsequent measurement
Goodwill is measured at cost, less accumulated impairment losses. In respect of equity-accounted investments, the
carrying amount of goodwill is included in the carrying amount of the investment.

(ii) Other intangible assets
Indefinite-life intangibles, such as brands, are tested for impairment annually or more frequently if events or circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.
Intangible assets consist of patents, trademarks, brands, software and the value of acquired customer relationships.
Impairment losses for intangible assets where the carrying value is not recoverable are measured based on fair value. Fair
value is calculated by using discounted cash flows.
The fair values of customer relationships acquired in a business combination are determined using the multi-period
excess earnings method, whereby the subject asset is valued after deducting a fair return on all other assets that are part
of creating the related cash flows.
The fair values of brands acquired in a business combination are determined using the multi-period excess earnings
method or the relief of royalty method, whereby the value of the brand is equal to the royalty savings from having
ownership as opposed to licensing the brand.
Amortization is recognized in the consolidated income statement on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives
of intangible assets, other than indefinite-life intangible assets, such as brands and goodwill, from the date that they are
available for use. The estimated useful lives for the current and comparative years are as follows:
• Patents, trademarks and other		           Up to 15 years
• Customer relationships		                  Up to 20 years
• Brands and goodwill		                     Indefinite life




                                                                                                     2025 Annual Report     61
N O T E S T O T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 (In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)




(f) Leases
The Company recognizes right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for all leases with a term of more than 12 months, unless
the underlying asset is of low value. The right-of-use asset is measured based on the initial value of the lease liability
adjusted for lease payments made at or before the commencement of the lease, initial direct costs and estimated
dismantling and restoring costs. The right-of-use asset is depreciated over the shorter of the lease term and the asset’s
useful life, unless it is reasonably certain the Company will obtain ownership by the end of the lease term, in which case
the asset is depreciated over its useful life.
The lease liability is measured at the present value of all future lease payments discounted at the lessee’s incremental
borrowing rate. Lease liabilities are measured at amortized cost using the effective interest rate method whereby interest
is recognized in profit or loss over the lease term.
The Company has adopted practical expedients related to short-term leases and leases of low-value assets whereby
lease obligations associated with these leases are recognized as an expense in the consolidated income statement when
incurred.

(g) Inventories
Inventories are measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value. The cost of inventories is based on the first-in,
first-out principle and includes expenditures incurred in acquiring the inventories, production or conversion costs, and
other costs incurred in bringing them to their existing locations and conditions. In the case of manufactured inventories
and work in progress, cost includes an appropriate share of production overheads based on normal operating capacity.
Net realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less the estimated costs of completion
and selling.
The fair value of inventories acquired in a business combination is determined based on the estimated selling price in the
ordinary course of business, less the estimated costs of completion and sale, and a reasonable profit margin based on
the effort required to complete and sell the inventories.
Estimates regarding obsolete and slow-moving inventory are also computed.

(h) Impairment

(i)   Financial assets, including receivables
A financial asset not carried at FVTPL is assessed at each reporting date to determine whether there is any objective
evidence that it is impaired. A financial asset is considered impaired if objective evidence indicates an expected credit
loss (“ECL”). Loss allowances are measured based on lifetime ECLs where losses are recognized from all possible default
events over the expected life of a financial instrument.
The Company considers evidence of impairment for financial assets measured at amortized cost at both a specific asset
and a collective level. All individually significant financial assets measured at amortized cost are assessed for specific
impairment. All individually significant financial assets measured at amortized cost that are found not to be specifically
impaired are then collectively assessed for any impairment that has been incurred but not yet identified.
In assessing collective impairment, the Company uses historical trends of the probability of default, timing of recoveries
and the amount of expected loss, adjusted for management’s judgement as to whether current and expected future
economic and credit conditions are such that the expected losses are likely to be greater than or less than those suggested
by historical trends.
An impairment loss in respect of a financial asset measured at amortized cost is calculated as the difference between
its carrying amount and the present value of the estimated future cash flows discounted at the original effective interest
rate and reflected in an allowance account against trade receivables. Losses are recognized in the consolidated income
statement. When a subsequent event causes the amount of impairment loss to decrease, the decrease in impairment loss
is reversed through profit or loss.




62       2025 Annual Report
(ii) Non-financial assets
The carrying amounts of non-financial assets, other than inventories and deferred tax assets, are reviewed at each
reporting date to determine whether there is any indication of impairment. If any such indication exists, the impairment
would be recognized in the consolidated income statement.
Impairments are recorded when the expected recoverable amount of assets is less than their carrying amount. The
recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s or a cash-generating unit’s fair value, less the cost to sell and its value in use.
In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount
rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset. For the purpose
of impairment testing, assets that cannot be tested individually are grouped together into the smallest group of assets
that generates cash inflows from continuing use that are largely independent of the cash inflows of other assets or groups
of assets. For the purposes of goodwill impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is allocated
to the CGU, or the group of CGUs, that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination. This allocation is
subject to an operating segment ceiling test and reflects the lowest level at which that goodwill is monitored for internal
reporting purposes. An impairment loss is recognized if the carrying amount of an asset or its CGU exceeds its estimated
recoverable amount. Impairment losses are recognized in profit or loss. Impairment losses, other than those relating to
goodwill, are evaluated for potential reversals when events or changes in circumstances warrant such consideration.
The carrying values of finite-life intangible assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that their carrying amounts may not be recoverable. Additionally, the carrying values of goodwill and indefinite-
life intangibles are tested annually for impairment.
An impairment loss in respect of goodwill is not reversed. In respect of other assets, impairment losses recognized in
prior years are assessed at each reporting date for any indication that the losses have decreased or no longer exist. An
impairment loss is reversed if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount. An
impairment loss is reversed only to the extent that the asset’s carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that
would have been determined, net of depreciation or amortization, if no impairment loss had been recognized.
Goodwill that forms part of the carrying amount of an equity-accounted investment is not recognized separately and
therefore is not tested for impairment separately. Instead, the entire amount of the equity-accounted investment is tested
for impairment as a single asset when there is objective evidence that the equity-accounted investment may be impaired.

(i)   Employee benefits

(i)   Defined contribution plans
A defined contribution plan is a post-employment benefit plan under which an entity pays fixed contributions into a
separate entity and will have no legal or constructive obligation to pay further amounts. Obligations for contributions to
defined contribution pension plans are recognized as an employee benefit expense in the consolidated income statement
in the period that the service is rendered by the employee.

(ii) Defined benefit plans
A defined benefit plan is a post-employment benefit plan other than a defined contribution plan. The Company’s net
obligation in respect of defined benefit post-employment plans is calculated separately for each plan by estimating the
amount of future benefit that employees have earned in return for their service in the current and prior periods; that
benefit is discounted to determine its present value using a discount rate comparable to high-quality corporate bonds. Any
unrecognized past service costs and the fair value of any plan assets are deducted. The calculation is performed annually
by a qualified actuary using the projected unit credit method. When the calculation results in a benefit to the Company, the
recognized asset is limited to the total of any unrecognized past service costs and the present value of economic benefits
available in the form of any future refunds from the plan or reductions in future contributions to the plan. An economic
benefit is available to the Company if it is realizable during the life of the plan or on settlement of the plan liabilities.
When the benefits of a plan are improved, the portion of the increased benefit relating to past service by employees is
recognized in the consolidated income statement on a straight-line basis over the average period until the benefits become
vested. To the extent that the benefits vest immediately, the expense is recognized immediately in the consolidated
income statement.
The Company recognizes all actuarial gains and losses arising from defined benefit plans directly in other comprehensive
income immediately and reports them in retained earnings.




                                                                                                         2025 Annual Report   63
N O T E S T O T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 (In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)




The Company determines the net interest expense on the net defined benefit liability for the period by applying the
discount rate used to measure the defined benefit obligation at the beginning of the annual period to the then net defined
benefit liability, taking into account any changes in the net defined benefit liability during the period as a result of the
contributions and benefit balances. Net interest expense and other expenses related to the defined benefit plans are
recognized in profit or loss.

(iii) Termination benefits
Termination benefits are recognized as an expense when the Company is demonstrably committed, without realistic
possibility of withdrawal, to a formal detailed plan to either terminate employment before the normal retirement date or
provide termination benefits as a result of an offer made to encourage voluntary redundancy. Termination benefits for
voluntary redundancies are recognized as an expense if the Company has made an offer of voluntary redundancy, it is
probable that the offer will be accepted and the number of acceptances can be estimated reliably. If benefits are payable
more than 12 months after the reporting period, then they are discounted to their present value.

(iv) Short-term benefits
Short-term employee benefit obligations are measured on an undiscounted basis and are recognized as the related service
is provided.

(v) Share-based payment transactions
For equity-settled share-based plans, the grant-date fair value of options granted to employees is recognized as an
employee expense, with a corresponding increase in equity, over the period that the employees become unconditionally
entitled to the options. The amount recognized as an expense is adjusted to reflect the actual number of share options for
which the related service and non-market vesting conditions are expected to be met. The fair value of options is measured
using the Black-Scholes model. Measurement inputs include the share price on the measurement date, the exercise price
of the instrument, the expected volatility, the weighted-average expected life of the instrument, the expected dividends,
and the risk-free interest rate. Service and non-market performance conditions attached to the awards are not taken into
account in determining fair value.
For equity-settled share-based deferred share unit, performance stock unit, long-term retention and other restricted share
unit plans, the grant-date fair value of deferred share units is recognized as an employee expense, with a corresponding
increase in equity. The grant-date fair value is not subsequently remeasured.

(j)   Provisions
A provision is recognized if, as a result of a past event, the Company has a present legal or constructive obligation that
can be estimated reliably and it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation.
Provisions are determined by discounting the expected future cash flows at a pre-tax rate that reflects current market
assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability. The unwinding of the discount is recognized
as a finance cost.

(k) Revenue
Revenue is measured based on the consideration specified in a contract with a customer. Revenue is recognized as
performance obligations are satisfied and the Company transfers control of a product or service to a customer. For
performance obligations satisfied at a point in time, revenue is recognized when the Company has a present right to
payment, the buyer has legal title to the asset, physical possession of the asset has been transferred to the buyer, the buyer
has the significant risks and rewards of ownership and the buyer has accepted the asset. Generally, the buyer obtains
control at the time goods are shipped, the product is delivered or services are rendered. For performance obligations
satisfied over time, revenue is recognized by measuring the progress toward complete satisfaction of that performance
obligation. For customer contracts that contain multiple performance obligations, each element is treated separately for
revenue recognition purposes. For these contracts, the total transaction price is allocated to each obligation based on its
relative stand-alone selling price. Revenue is then recognized for each obligation when the relevant recognition criteria
are met.
Certain contracts with customers contain incentives, including the payment of discounts based on quantities purchased.
These incentives represent variable consideration and are estimated and recognized as a reduction of related revenues.




64       2025 Annual Report
(l)   Finance income and costs
Finance income comprises interest income on invested funds, changes in the fair value of financial assets at FVTPL, and
gains on hedging instruments that are recognized in the consolidated income statement. Interest income is recognized
in the consolidated income statement as it accrues, using the effective interest method.
Finance costs comprise interest expense on borrowings, unwinding of the discount on provisions, changes in the fair
value of financial assets at FVTPL, impairment losses recognized on financial assets, and losses on hedging instruments
that are recognized in the consolidated income statement. All borrowing costs are recognized in the consolidated income
statement using the effective interest method, except for those amounts capitalized as part of the cost of qualifying
property, plant and equipment.

(m) Taxation
Income tax expense comprises current and deferred tax. Income tax expense is recognized in the consolidated income
statement except to the extent that it relates to items recognized either in other comprehensive income or directly in
equity. In such cases, the tax is also recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.

(i)   Current tax
Current tax expense is based on the results for the period as adjusted for items that are not taxable or not deductible.
Current tax is calculated using tax rates and laws that were enacted or substantively enacted at the end of the reporting
period and includes any adjustments to taxes payable in respect of previous years. Management periodically evaluates
positions taken in tax returns with respect to situations in which applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretation.
Provisions are established where appropriate based on amounts expected to be paid to the tax authorities.

(ii) Deferred tax
Deferred tax is recognized, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising between the tax bases of assets
and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated statement of financial position. Deferred tax is calculated
using tax rates and laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the end of the reporting period and which
are expected to apply when the related deferred tax asset is realized or the deferred tax liability is settled.

(iii) Deferred tax liabilities
Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognized for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax liabilities are recognized
for taxable temporary differences arising on investments in subsidiaries and associates, except where the reversal of the
temporary difference can be controlled by the Company and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse
in the foreseeable future.

(iv) Deferred tax assets
A deferred tax asset is recognized for unused tax losses, tax credits and deductible temporary differences to the extent
that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which they can be utilized. Deferred tax assets are
reviewed at each reporting date and are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit
will be realized.
Deferred tax is not recognized for taxable temporary differences arising on the initial recognition of goodwill or in
respect of temporary differences that arise on initial recognition of assets and liabilities acquired, other than in a business
combination, and those that affect neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss.

(n) Share capital
All shares are recorded as equity. When share capital is repurchased, the amount of the consideration paid, which includes
directly attributable costs, net of any tax effect, is recognized as a deduction from equity.

(o) Earnings per share
The Company presents basic and diluted earnings per share (“EPS”) data for its Class B shares. Basic EPS is calculated by
dividing net earnings attributable to shareholders of the Company by the weighted average number of shares outstanding
during the period. Diluted EPS is determined by adjusting net earnings attributable to shareholders and the weighted
average number of shares outstanding for the effects of all potentially dilutive shares.




                                                                                                        2025 Annual Report   65
N O T E S T O T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 (In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)




(p) Segment reporting
A segment is a distinguishable component of the Company that is engaged either in providing related products and
services (business segment) or in providing products and services within a particular economic environment (geographical
segment) and that is subject to risks and returns that are different from those of other segments. Segment information is
presented in respect of the Company’s business and geographical segments. The Company’s primary format for segment
reporting is based on business segments. The business segments are determined based on the Company’s management
and internal reporting structure.
Segment results, assets and liabilities include items directly attributable to a segment as well as those that can be allocated
on a reasonable basis. Unallocated items comprise mainly other investments and related revenue, loans and borrowings
and related expenses, corporate assets (primarily the Company’s headquarters) and head office expenses. Segment
capital expenditure is the total cost incurred during the period to acquire property, plant and equipment.

(q) Government grants
Government grants are recognized when there is reasonable assurance that they will be received and that the Company
will comply with conditions attached to the grant. Government grants for compensation of expenses are deducted from
the related expense on a systematic basis in the periods in which the original expenses are recognized in profit or loss.
Government grants related to assets are deducted in arriving at the asset’s carrying value. The grant is recognized in profit
or loss over the life of a depreciable asset as a reduced depreciation expense.

(r) Recently issued new accounting standards, not yet effective
In April 2024, IFRS 18, Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements, was issued by the IASB introducing new
requirements to help achieve comparability of the financial performance of similar entities. IFRS 18 focuses on the income
statement requiring new subtotals, including a newly defined operating profit subtotal which will be used as the starting
point for the statement of cash flows under the indirect method. The standard also requires the classification of income
and expenses into operating, investing and financing categories as well as disclosure of management performance
measures and guidance on grouping information in the financial statements. IFRS 18 will replace IAS 1, Presentation of
Financial Statements, retaining many of the general requirements of IAS 1. The new standard is effective for reporting
periods beginning on January 1, 2027, applied retrospectively. The Company is currently assessing the impact of IFRS 18
on its consolidated financial statements.


4. SEGMENT REPORTING


(a) Business segments
The Company has four reportable segments, as described below, which are the Company’s main business units. The
business units offer different products and services and are managed separately as they require different technology and
marketing strategies. For each of the business units, the Company’s CEO, the chief operating decision maker, reviews
internal management reports regularly.
The Company’s reportable segments are the following:
•	CCL is a converter of pressure sensitive and extruded film materials for a wide range of decorative, instructional,
   security and functional applications for government institutions and large global customers in the consumer packaging,
   healthcare, chemicals, consumer durables, electronic device and automotive markets. Extruded and labeled plastic
   tubes, aluminum aerosols and specialty bottles, folded instructional leaflets, specialty folded cartons, precision
   engineered and die cut components, electronic displays, polymer banknote substrate and other complementary
   products and services are sold in parallel to specific end-use markets.
•	Avery is a supplier of labels, specialty converted media and software solutions to enable short-run digital printing in
   businesses and homes alongside complementary products sold through distributors and mass market retailers and
   pressure sensitive tapes in Brazil. The products are split into five primary lines: (1) Printable Media Group: including
   address labels, product identification labels and name badges/cards supported by customized software solutions where
   applicable; (2) Organization Products Group: including binders, indexes, sheet protectors and writing instruments;
   (3) Direct-to-Consumer: digitally imaged labels, name and event badges, radio frequency identification (“RFID”)
   enabled key cards and wristbands, planners and kids-oriented identification labels supported by unique web-enabled
   e-commerce URLs; (4) Pressure Sensitive Tapes; and (5) Horticultural labels and tags.




66       2025 Annual Report
•	Checkpoint is a manufacturer of technology-driven loss-prevention, inventory-management and labeling solutions,
   including radio frequency and RFID solutions, to the broad retail and apparel industries globally. There are three
   primary product lines: Merchandise Availability Solutions (“MAS”), Apparel Labeling Solutions (“ALS”) and Meto. The
   MAS line focuses on electronic-article-surveillance (“EAS”) systems, including hardware, software, labels and tags for
   loss prevention and inventory control systems including RFID solutions. ALS products are apparel labels and tags,
   some of which are RFID capable. New RFID applications are also developing in the food, logistics, healthcare and many
   other markets interested in the technology. Meto is a small, separately branded Europe-centric product line, including
   hand-held pricing tools and labels and promotional in-store displays. All MAS and ALS products are sold under the
   Checkpoint brand.
•	Innovia is a global producer of specialty high-performance, multi-layer, surface-engineered films. Innovia’s international
   footprint includes major facilities located in each of Australia, Germany, Mexico, Poland and the United Kingdom.
   These films are sold to customers in the pressure sensitive materials, flexible packaging, consumer packaged goods
   and graphics materials industries worldwide, with a small percentage of the total volume consumed internally by CCL
   Secure and CCL Label within the CCL Segment. Innovia has a smaller legacy facility located in the United States, that
   produces almost its entire output for the CCL Segment.
                                                                                                   Sales                            Operating Income

                                                                        2025                      2024                    2025                  2024
CCL                                                             $   4,882.7                 $   4,502.6         $         794.1       $        713.7
Avery                                                               1,062.2                     1,049.1                   210.6                211.5
Checkpoint                                                          1,012.1                       986.9                   162.5                150.9
Innovia                                                               706.8                       706.4                    74.3                 66.2
                                                                $   7,663.8                 $   7,245.0         $    1,241.5          $      1,142.3
Corporate expenses                                                                                                     (84.2)                   (77.6)
Restructuring and other items                                                                                          (10.5)                    (5.5)
Revaluation gain                                                                                                          —                      78.1
Earnings in equity-accounted investments                                                                                 5.6                     18.9
Finance cost                                                                                                           (91.9)                   (89.8)
Finance income                                                                                                          29.8                     23.5
Interest on lease liabilities                                                                                           (9.1)                    (8.7)
Income tax expense                                                                                                    (278.8)                  (238.1)
Net earnings                                                                                                    $         802.4       $        843.1

                                                                                                           Depreciation                        Capital
                                             Total Assets               Total Liabilities              and Amortization                   Expenditures

                                                  As at December 31                                 Twelve Months Ended December 31

                                     2025         2024          2025             2024             2025           2024             2025          2024
CCL                             $ 5,525.9 $ 5,374.5         $ 1,339.8      $ 1,297.7            $ 316.7      $ 292.4          $ 307.8       $ 323.7
Avery                             1,136.3   1,110.0             303.5          307.5               40.9         40.4             30.8          25.5
Checkpoint                        1,216.9   1,249.5             439.2          457.0               56.2         51.5             51.1          64.6
Innovia                           1,147.1   1,160.3             309.0          292.5               50.0         46.8             51.5          48.2
Equity-accounted investments         72.8      60.9                —              —                  —            —                —             —
Corporate                         1,002.5     903.9           2,069.6        2,223.7                1.4          1.3               —             —
Total                           $ 10,101.5 $ 9,859.1        $ 4,461.1      $ 4,578.4            $ 465.2      $ 432.4          $ 441.2       $ 462.0

All revenues are from products and services transferred at a point in time, except $24.3 million for the year ended
December 31, 2025 (December 31, 2024 – $16.8 million), which are for maintenance service arrangements within the
Checkpoint Segment.
The Innovia Segment had intercompany revenues of $89.5 million with the CCL Segment for the year ended December 31,
2025 (2024 – $79.3 million). These transactions are eliminated in preparing the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                                          2025 Annual Report        67
N O T E S T O T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 (In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)




(b) Geographical segments
The CCL, Avery, Checkpoint and Innovia Segments are managed on a worldwide basis but operate in the following
geographical areas:
• Canada;
• United States and Puerto Rico;
• Mexico, Brazil, Chile and Argentina;
• Europe; and
• Asia, Australia, Africa, Middle East and New Zealand.
                                                                                                                                 Property, Plant and
                                                                                                                               Equipment, Goodwill
                                                                                                         Sales                 and Intangible Assets

                                                                               2025                  2024              2025                  2024
Canada                                                                  $      151.8          $     144.5        $      93.7        $        85.5
United States and Puerto Rico                                                2,794.5              2,726.6            2,121.2              2,173.6
Mexico, Brazil, Chile and Argentina                                            916.5                893.6              889.2                836.0
Europe                                                                       2,416.6              2,224.0            2,353.9              2,239.0
Asia, Australia, Africa, Middle East and New Zealand                         1,384.4              1,256.3            1,023.4              1,027.8
Consolidated                                                            $    7,663.8          $   7,245.0        $   6,481.4        $     6,361.9

The geographical segment is determined based on the location from which the sale is made.


5.   AC Q U I S I T I O N S


(a) Acquisitions in 2025
In June 2025, the Company acquired Humphreys Holdings Limited, doing business as We Print Lanyards (“WPL”), based in
Long Eaton, United Kingdom, for approximately $5.5 million, net of cash acquired. WPL’s product suite has been integrated
into the Avery Segment’s growing portfolio of access control, badging and credential technologies.
In October 2025, the Company acquired IDESCO Holding Corporation and IDSecurityonline.com, LLC (collectively
“IDESCO”), based in Manhattan, New York, for approximately $19.1 million, net of cash acquired. IDESCO provides secure
badging and identification solutions and has been integrated into the Avery Segment.
The following table summarizes the allocation of the consideration to the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities
assumed for the WPL and IDESCO acquisitions:

Cash consideration, net of cash acquired                                                                                            $         24.6
Trade and other receivables                                                                                                         $          1.9
Inventories                                                                                                                                    1.4
Prepaid expenses                                                                                                                               0.2
Property, plant and equipment                                                                                                                  0.1
Right-of-use assets                                                                                                                            1.9
Goodwill                                                                                                                                      15.5
Intangible assets                                                                                                                              8.5
Trade and other payables                                                                                                                      (2.7)
Current lease liabilities                                                                                                                     (0.4)
Income taxes payable                                                                                                                          (0.1)
Long-term lease liabilities                                                                                                                   (1.6)
Provisions and other long-term liabilities                                                                                                    (0.1)
Net assets acquired                                                                                                                 $         24.6




68       2025 Annual Report
As a result of the inherent complexity associated with the valuation of net assets acquired, the determination of the fair
value of assets and liabilities acquired for IDESCO are based upon preliminary estimates and assumptions. The Company
will continue to review information prior to finalizing the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The actual
fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed may differ from the amounts noted above.
Goodwill is comprised of the excess fair value of the consideration paid over the fair value of the net assets acquired.
Factors that make up the amount of goodwill recognized include expected synergies and employee knowledge of
operations. The total amount of goodwill for WPL and IDESCO is $15.5 million, of which $9.9 million is deductible for tax
purposes.
The following table summarizes the combined sales and net earnings that the newly acquired WPL and IDESCO have
contributed to the Company for the current reporting period:

                                                                                                               Twelve Months Ended
                                                                                                            December 31, 2025
Sales                                                                                                                $          5.8
Net earnings                                                                                                         $          0.7

(b) Pro forma information
The pro forma consolidated financial information below has been prepared following the accounting policies of the
Company as if the acquisitions took place January 1, 2025.
The pro forma consolidated financial information has been presented for illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily
indicative of results of operations and financial position that would have been achieved had the pro forma events taken
place on the dates indicated, or the future consolidated results of operations or consolidated financial position of the
Company. Future results may vary significantly from the pro forma results presented.
The following table summarizes the sales and net earnings of the Company combined with WPL and IDESCO as though
the acquisitions took place on January 1, 2025:

                                                                                                               Twelve Months Ended
                                                                                                            December 31, 2025
Sales                                                                                                                $   7,679.8
Net earnings                                                                                                         $        803.8




                                                                                                         2025 Annual Report      69
N O T E S T O T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 (In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)




(c) Acquisitions in 2024
In June 2024, the Company completed the acquisition of the remaining 50% interest in its Pacman-CCL (“Pacman”) joint
venture for cash consideration of approximately $142.9 million, net of cash acquired. Pacman, headquartered at its Dubai
manufacturing facility in the United Arab Emirates, also operates label production facilities in Oman, Egypt, Saudi Arabia
and Pakistan and has been added to the CCL Segment.
Applying the requirements under IFRS 3 – Business Combinations, the Company re-measured its previously held interest in
Pacman to its fair value. The acquisition date fair value of the previously held interest was determined to be $111.1 million,
net of cash acquired, resulting in a gain of $78.1 million reclassified to net earnings. The fair value of $111.1 million forms
part of the total purchase consideration as reflected in the table below.

Cash consideration, net of cash acquired                                                                                 $     142.9
Fair value of previously held 50% interest                                                                                     111.1
                                                                                                                         $     254.0
Trade and other receivables                                                                                              $      20.0
Inventories                                                                                                                     10.1
Prepaid expenses                                                                                                                 0.6
Property, plant and equipment                                                                                                   19.7
Right-of-use assets                                                                                                              1.4
Goodwill                                                                                                                       138.5
Intangible assets                                                                                                               95.0
Deferred tax assets                                                                                                              0.8
Trade and other payables                                                                                                        (5.0)
Current lease liabilities                                                                                                       (0.3)
Income taxes payable                                                                                                            (1.6)
Long-term lease liabilities                                                                                                     (1.5)
Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                       (19.0)
Provisions and other long-term liabilities                                                                                      (4.7)
Net assets acquired                                                                                                      $     254.0

Goodwill is comprised of the excess fair value of the consideration paid over the fair value of the net assets acquired. Factors
that make up the amount of goodwill recognized include expected synergies, employee knowledge of operations and
unrestricted access to the Middle East, India and Africa markets. The total amount of goodwill for Pacman is $138.5 million,
which is not deductible for tax purposes.


6. C A S H A N D C A S H E Q U I VA L E N T S

                                                                                                         December 31,   December 31,
                                                                                                                2025           2024
Bank balances                                                                                              $    900.8    $     753.6
Restricted cash                                                                                                   8.2            8.1
Short-term investments                                                                                           89.2           67.0
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                  $    998.2    $     828.7




70       2025 Annual Report
7.   T R A D E A N D OT H E R R E C E I VA B L E S

                                                                                             December 31,       December 31,
                                                                                                    2025               2024
Trade receivables                                                                              $   1,113.1        $    1,086.1
Other receivables                                                                                    180.3               165.3
Trade and other receivables                                                                    $   1,293.4        $    1,251.4


8 . I N V E N TO R I E S

                                                                                             December 31,       December 31,
                                                                                                    2025               2024
Raw material                                                                                   $      366.1       $        386.4
Work in progress                                                                                       81.0                 77.9
Finished goods                                                                                        357.9                355.6
Total inventories                                                                              $      805.0       $        819.9

The total amount of inventories recognized as an expense in 2025 was $5,367.6 million (2024 – $5,107.3 million), including
depreciation of $388.0 million (2024 – $358.2 million).


9. E Q U I T Y-AC C O U N T E D I N V E S T M E N T S

Summary financial information for equity-accounted investments, including joint ventures and associates, not adjusted
for the percentage ownership held by the Company, is as follows:
                                                                                                     At December 31, 2025

                                                                                Associates     Joint Ventures               Total

Net earnings                                                                $       11.2       $          —       $        11.2
Other comprehensive income                                                          25.7                  —                25.7
Total comprehensive income                                                  $       36.9       $          —       $        36.9
Carrying amount of investments in associates and joint ventures             $       72.8       $          —       $        72.8

                                                                                                      At December 31, 2024
                                                                                Associates     Joint Ventures               Total

Net earnings                                                                $       24.2       $       13.6       $         37.8
Other comprehensive loss                                                            (3.5)              (1.5)                (5.0)
Total comprehensive income                                                  $       20.7       $       12.1       $         32.8
Carrying amount of investments in associates and joint ventures             $       60.9       $          —       $         60.9

In June 2024, the Company purchased the remaining 50% interest in its Pacman-CCL joint venture. As such, Pacman’s
results subsequent to this date are fully consolidated to the Company (see note 5).




                                                                                                      2025 Annual Report        71
N O T E S T O T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 (In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)




1 0. P R O P E R T Y, P L A N T A N D E Q U I P M E N T

                                                                            Machinery              Fixtures,
                                                        Land and                  and               Fittings         Construction
                                                        Buildings           Equipment             and Other           in Progress          Total

Cost
Balance at January 1, 2024                 $            1,149.1         $    3,216.0          $          67.3    $        390.7     $   4,823.1
Acquisitions through business combinations                  7.3                 12.2                      0.2                —             19.7
Other additions                                             5.7                 56.2                      3.4             396.7           462.0
Other movements                                           123.8                233.8                      6.5            (448.2)          (84.1)
Disposals                                                  (0.3)               (65.6)                    (0.6)             (0.2)          (66.7)
Movements in exchange rates and
 inflation adjustments                                     40.8                147.0                      2.3                9.6         199.7
Balance at December 31, 2024                       $    1,326.4         $    3,599.6          $          79.1    $        348.6     $   5,353.7
Acquisitions through business combinations                  —                    0.1                       —                 —             0.1
Other additions                                            5.2                  24.5                      2.9             408.6          441.2
Other movements                                          136.0                 287.7                      3.8            (466.6)         (39.1)
Disposals                                                 (0.4)                (52.6)                    (0.8)               —           (53.8)
Movements in exchange rates and
 inflation adjustments                                     22.7                 40.7                      2.8                5.9          72.1
Balance at December 31, 2025                       $ 1,489.9            $    3,900.0          $       87.8       $        296.5     $   5,774.2
Accumulated depreciation
Balance at January 1, 2024                         $      369.4         $    1,947.5          $          39.8    $            —     $   2,356.7
Depreciation for the year                                  45.5                253.6                      6.4                 —           305.5
Other movements                                            (1.8)               (52.6)                    (3.3)                —           (57.7)
Disposals                                                  (0.2)               (64.3)                    (0.6)                —           (65.1)
Movements in exchange rates and
 inflation adjustments                                     16.0                 98.5                      1.7                 —          116.2
Balance at December 31, 2024                       $      428.9         $    2,182.7          $          44.0    $            —     $   2,655.6
Depreciation for the year                                  51.0                274.4                      7.3                 —          332.7
Other movements                                            (2.6)               (33.2)                    (0.5)                —          (36.3)
Disposals                                                  (0.4)               (47.8)                    (0.8)                —          (49.0)
Movements in exchange rates and
 inflation adjustments                                       4.9                20.3                      1.7                 —           26.9
Balance at December 31, 2025                       $     481.8          $    2,396.4          $       51.7       $            —     $   2,929.9
Carrying amounts
At December 31, 2024                               $   897.5            $    1,416.9          $       35.1       $        348.6     $   2,698.1
At December 31, 2025                               $ 1,008.1            $    1,503.6          $       36.1       $        296.5     $   2,844.3




72       2025 Annual Report
11. LEASES


(a) Right-of-use assets
			                                                                                       Machinery
                                                                      Land and                  and
                                                                      Buildings           Equipment           Other                Total

Cost
Balance at January 1, 2024                                        $     278.2         $       21.6      $     43.2       $        343.0
Acquisitions through business combinations                                1.4                   —               —                   1.4
Other additions                                                          27.5                  3.6            16.0                 47.1
Other movements                                                         (12.4)               (10.2)          (12.5)               (35.1)
Movements in exchange rates and inflation adjustments                    13.5                  1.1             1.9                 16.5
Balance at December 31, 2024                                      $     308.2         $       16.1      $     48.6       $        372.9
Acquisitions through business combinations                                1.9                   —               —                   1.9
Other additions                                                          25.5                  2.7            16.2                 44.4
Other movements                                                         (12.0)                (3.3)          (11.8)               (27.1)
Movements in exchange rates and inflation adjustments                     5.3                 (0.3)            0.8                  5.8
Balance at December 31, 2025                                      $     328.9         $       15.2      $     53.8       $        397.9
Accumulated depreciation
Balance at January 1, 2024                                        $      94.4         $       13.9      $     21.0       $        129.3
Depreciation for the year                                                37.2                  3.9            12.7                 53.8
Other movements                                                         (11.4)                (9.9)          (10.5)               (31.8)
Movements in exchange rates and inflation adjustments                     4.6                  0.7             0.9                  6.2
Balance at December 31, 2024                                      $     124.8         $        8.6      $     24.1       $        157.5
Depreciation for the year                                                39.2                  3.3            14.1                 56.6
Other movements                                                         (11.4)                (2.5)          (10.4)               (24.3)
Movements in exchange rates and inflation adjustments                     1.6                 (0.2)            0.4                  1.8
Balance at December 31, 2025                                      $     154.2         $        9.2      $     28.2       $        191.6
Carrying amounts
At December 31, 2024                                              $     183.4         $        7.5      $     24.5       $        215.4
At December 31, 2025                                              $     174.7         $        6.0      $     25.6       $        206.3

(b) Amounts recognized in the consolidated income statements and statements of cash flows
                                                                                                      December 31,    December 31,
                                                                                                             2025            2024
Interest expense on lease liabilities                                                                   $      9.1       $          8.7
Expenses relating to short-term leases                                                                  $      4.8       $          5.3
Expenses relating to leases of low-value assets, excluding short-term leases of low-value assets        $      0.7       $          0.6
Total cash outflow for leases                                                                           $     68.8       $         65.0




                                                                                                             2025 Annual Report       73
N O T E S T O T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 (In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)




1 2 . I N TA N G I B L E A S S E T S

                                                                                Patents,
                                                       Customer             Trademarks
                                                    Relationships            and Other              Brands              Total       Goodwill

Cost
Balance at January 1, 2024                         $      905.8         $       190.7         $     443.4        $   1,539.9    $   2,293.6
Acquisitions through business
  combinations                                             95.0                      —                     —            95.0         138.5
Effect of movements in exchange rates                      38.9                     8.4                  31.2           78.5         122.0
Balance at December 31, 2024                       $    1,039.7         $       199.1         $     474.6        $   1,713.4    $   2,554.1
Acquisitions through
  business combinations                                     4.0                     —                     4.5            8.5          15.5
Other movement                                            (10.9)                    —                      —           (10.9)           —
Effect of movements in exchange rates                      10.6                    5.5                   (7.3)           8.8          21.8
Balance at December 31, 2025                       $ 1,043.4            $       204.6         $     471.8        $   1,719.8    $   2,591.4
Accumulated amortization
Balance at January 1, 2024                         $      413.0         $         94.9        $           —      $    507.9     $        —
Amortization for the year                                  59.9                   13.2                    —            73.1              —
Effect of movements in exchange rates                      19.6                    3.1                    —            22.7              —
Balance at December 31, 2024                       $      492.5         $       111.2         $           —      $    603.7     $        —
Amortization for the year                                  62.8                   13.1                    —             75.9             —
Other movement                                            (10.9)                    —                     —            (10.9)            —
Effect of movements in exchange rates                       2.9                    2.5                    —              5.4             —
Balance at December 31, 2025                       $     547.3          $       126.8         $           —      $    674.1     $        —
Carrying amounts
At December 31, 2024                               $     547.2          $         87.9        $     474.6        $   1,109.7    $   2,554.1
At December 31, 2025                               $     496.1          $         77.8        $     471.8        $   1,045.7    $   2,591.4




74       2025 Annual Report
1 3 . G O O DW I L L A N D I N D E F I N I T E - L I F E I N TA N G I B L E A S S E T S


Impairment testing for cash-generating units containing goodwill and indefinite-life intangible assets
For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill and indefinite-life intangible assets are allocated to the Company’s
operating segments, which represent the lowest level within the Company at which goodwill is monitored for internal
management purposes.
The aggregate carrying amounts of goodwill and indefinite-life intangible assets allocated to each unit are as follows:
                                                                                            December 31,     December 31,
                                                                                                   2025             2024
Goodwill
 CCL                                                                                          $   1,673.4       $    1,647.9
 Avery                                                                                              404.1              384.7
 Checkpoint                                                                                         258.7              261.6
 Innovia                                                                                            255.2              259.9
                                                                                              $   2,591.4       $    2,554.1
Indefinite-life intangible assets – brands
  CCL                                                                                         $       7.9       $          7.3
  Avery                                                                                             209.0                209.6
  Checkpoint                                                                                        195.1                199.4
  Innovia                                                                                            59.8                 58.3
                                                                                              $     471.8       $        474.6

Impairment testing for goodwill and indefinite-life intangible assets was done by comparing the group of CGU’s carrying
amount to its estimated value in use, which was determined by discounting the group of CGU’s future cash flows. Key
assumptions used in the determination of the value in use include growth rates of 3% to 5% and pre-tax discount rates of
11% to 13%. Discount rates reflect current market assumptions and risks related to the group of CGUs and are based upon
the weighted average cost of capital. The Company’s historical growth rates are used as the basis in determining the growth
rate applied for impairment testing. Any adverse movement in key assumptions used, including discount rates, could lead
to an impairment in future periods. The Company completed its annual impairment testing as at September 30, 2025.
The estimated values in use of CCL, Avery, Checkpoint and Innovia group of CGUs exceeded their carrying values. As a
result, no goodwill or indefinite-life intangible assets impairment were recorded during 2025.


1 4 . T R A D E A N D OT H E R PAYA B L E S

                                                                                            December 31,     December 31,
                                                                                                   2025             2024
Trade payables                                                                                $     870.2       $        840.1
Other payables                                                                                      597.0                576.8
Trade and other payables                                                                      $   1,467.2       $    1,416.9

Supply chain financing arrangements
The Company maintains supply chain financing arrangements with certain global financial institutions at some of its
subsidiaries worldwide. Under these arrangements the suppliers receive payment from the financial institutions with the
opportunity for expediated payment terms. The Company pays the financial institution regardless of the supplier electing
to accelerate their payments through the financing arrangement. Supplier participation in these financing arrangements
is completely voluntary. The purpose of these arrangements is to facilitate efficient payment processing and provide
suppliers the option of early payment terms compared to the related invoice payment due date. The Company, including
certain subsidiaries, provide a guarantee to the financial institutions in connection with these financing arrangements.




                                                                                                    2025 Annual Report      75
N O T E S T O T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 (In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)




Additional information about the Company’s supply chain arrangements is provided on the table below:
                                                                                                               December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                                                      2025                2024
Carrying amount of financial liabilities
Presented within trade and other payables                                                                        $     134.0          $        123.2
  – of which suppliers have received payment from the financial institutions                                           114.0                    69.4
Range of payment due dates
Liabilities that are part of the arrangement                                                                    20 – 180 days after invoice date
Comparable trade payables that are not part of the arrangement                                                  20 – 180 days after invoice date

There were no significant non-cash changes relating to the carrying amount of the liabilities subject to supply chain
financing arrangements.
All payables under the arrangements are classified as current as at December 31, 2025 and 2024.


1 5. D E F E R R E D TA X


(a) Unrecognized deferred tax assets
Deferred tax assets have not been recognized in respect of the following items, which have been tax-effected:
                                                                                                               December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                                                      2025                2024
Deductible temporary differences                                                                                 $       6.4          $          5.0
Tax losses and other tax attributes                                                                                     37.7                    20.3
                                                                                                                 $      44.1          $         25.3

The unrecognized deferred tax assets on tax losses of $6.2 million will expire between 2026 and 2035, $6.6 million will
expire beyond 2035, and $10.7 million may be carried forward indefinitely. The unrecognized deferred tax asset on other
tax attributes of $14.2 million and the deductible temporary differences do not expire under current tax legislation.
Deferred tax assets have not been recognized in respect of these items because it is not probable that future taxable
income will be available against which the Company can utilize the benefits therefrom.

(b) Recognized deferred tax assets and liabilities
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are attributable to the following:

                                                         Assets                                  Liabilities                   Net (Assets) Liabilities

                         December 31,          December 31,         December 31,          December 31,         December 31,        December 31,
                                2025                  2024                 2025                  2024                 2025                2024
Property, plant
  and equipment           $         12.8          $        8.4         $      157.0          $     173.1         $     144.2          $        164.7
Intangible assets                     —                     —                 332.1                332.9               332.1                   332.9
Derivatives                           —                     —                   3.1                  2.3                 3.1                     2.3
Inventory reserves                  21.2                  20.7                  0.3                  0.3               (20.9)                  (20.4)
Employee benefit plans              76.1                  82.8                  0.7                  0.6               (75.4)                  (82.2)
Share-based payments                12.3                   8.2                   —                    —                (12.3)                   (8.2)
Capitalized research
  and development                   20.9                  30.4                    —                       —            (20.9)                  (30.4)
Provisions and other items          76.5                  78.0                   7.4                     8.0           (69.1)                  (70.0)
Tax loss carry-forwards             30.4                  36.1                    —                       —            (30.4)                  (36.1)
Balance before offset              250.2                 264.6                500.6                517.2               250.4                   252.6
Offset of tax                     (171.3)               (169.9)              (171.3)              (169.9)                 —                        —
Balance after offset          $     78.9          $       94.7         $      329.3          $     347.3         $     250.4          $        252.6


76       2025 Annual Report
                                                                                                     Recognized
                              Balance at        Recognized                                             in Other           Balance at
                      December 31, 2024          in Income                          Translation   Comprehensive   December 31, 2025
                        Liability (Asset)        Statement       Acquisitions       and Others    Income/Equity     Liability (Asset)

Property, plant
  and equipment           $       164.7     $        (8.6)   $            —     $       (11.9)    $         —         $      144.2
Intangible assets                 332.9              (8.6)                —               7.8               —                332.1
Derivatives                         2.3               1.0                 —                —              (0.2)                3.1
Inventory reserves                (20.4)             (0.4)                —              (0.1)              —                (20.9)
Employee benefit plans            (82.2)              2.8                 —              (1.0)             5.0               (75.4)
Share-based payments               (8.2)             (4.1)                —                —                —                (12.3)
Capitalized research
  and development                 (30.4)              8.3                 —                1.2              —                 (20.9)
Provisions and other items        (70.0)              1.4                 —               (0.5)             —                 (69.1)
Tax loss carry-forwards           (36.1)              5.8                 —               (0.1)             —                 (30.4)
                          $       252.6     $        (2.4)   $            —     $         (4.6)   $        4.8       $       250.4
                                                                                                     Recognized
                              Balance at        Recognized                                             in Other           Balance at
                      December 31, 2023          in Income                          Translation   Comprehensive   December 31, 2024
                        Liability (Asset)        Statement       Acquisitions       and Others    Income/Equity     Liability (Asset)

Property, plant
  and equipment           $       152.1     $         0.2    $          1.6     $        10.8     $         —         $       164.7
Intangible assets                 311.7              (6.5)             17.5              10.2               —                 332.9
Derivatives                         8.9              (0.4)               —                 —              (6.2)                 2.3
Inventory reserves                (18.7)             (1.6)             (0.1)               —                —                 (20.4)
Employee benefit plans            (70.5)             (5.6)             (0.1)             (3.1)            (2.9)               (82.2)
Share-based payments              (19.3)             11.1                —                 —                —                  (8.2)
Capitalized research
  and development                 (15.2)            (13.3)                —               (1.9)             —                 (30.4)
Provisions and other items        (71.0)              2.8               (0.7)             (1.1)             —                 (70.0)
Tax loss carry-forwards           (36.8)              1.5                 —               (0.8)             —                 (36.1)
                          $       241.2     $       (11.8)   $         18.2     $        14.1     $       (9.1)       $       252.6

The aggregate amount of temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries and joint ventures for which
deferred tax liabilities were not recognized as at December 31, 2025, is $4,044.7 million (2024 – $3,729.0 million).
The aggregate amount of temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries and joint ventures for which
deferred tax assets were not recognized as at December 31, 2025, is $22.9 million (2024 – $28.2 million).




                                                                                                        2025 Annual Report         77
N O T E S T O T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 (In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)




1 6. S H A R E C A P I TA L

                                                            Class A                                 Class B
Shares issued (in millions)                                  Shares           Amount                Shares        Amount        Total

Balance, January 1, 2024                                     11.8       $         4.5               166.0     $   516.0    $   520.5
Repurchase of shares                                           —                   —                 (2.6)         (9.5)        (9.5)
Shares converted from Class A to Class B                     (0.1)                 —                  0.1            —            —
Stock options exercised                                        —                   —                  0.1           7.6          7.6
Deferred share units exercised                                 —                   —                    *           0.1          0.1
Restricted share units exercised                               —                   —                  0.2          11.1         11.1
Performance share units                                        —                   —                  1.2          72.5         72.5
Long-term retention units exercised                            —                   —                  0.1           5.5          5.5
Balance, December 31, 2024                                   11.7                4.5                165.1         603.3        607.8
Repurchase of shares                                           —                  —                  (3.9)        (14.4)       (14.4)
Deferred share units exercised                                 —                  —                     *           2.5          2.5
Restricted share units exercised                               —                  —                   0.2          12.1         12.1
Long-term retention units exercised                            —                  —                   0.1           5.5          5.5
Balance, December 31, 2025                                   11.7       $        4.5                161.5     $   609.0    $   613.5

* Number of Class B non-voting shares issued was nominal.


At December 31, 2025, the authorized share capital comprised an unlimited number of Class A voting shares and an
unlimited number of Class B non-voting shares. The Class A and Class B shares have no par value. All issued shares are
fully paid. Both Class A and Class B shares are classified as equity.
In May 2025, the Company renewed its share repurchase program under a normal course issuer bid to purchase up to
approximately 14.5 million Class B non-voting shares, approximately 9.95% of the public float of the Class B non-voting
shares of the Company. During 2025, the Company acquired 3,907,184 of its Class B shares for $300.0 million (2024 –
2,628,909 Class B shares for $200.6 million). The excess of the purchase price over the paid-up capital was charged to
retained earnings.

(a) Class A
The holders of Class A shares receive dividends set at $0.01 per share per annum less than Class B shares; they are entitled
to one vote per share at meetings of the Company, and their shares are convertible at any time into Class B shares.

(b) Class B
Class B shares rank equally in all material respects with Class A shares, except as follows:
(i)		 Holders of Class B shares are entitled to receive material and attend, but not to vote at, regular shareholder meetings.
(ii)	Holders of Class B shares are entitled to voting privileges when, under a takeover bid when voting control has been
      acquired, consideration for the Class A shares exceeds 115% of the market price of the Class B shares.
(iii)	Holders of Class B shares are entitled to receive, or have set aside for payment, dividends declared by the Board of
      Directors from time to time, set at $0.01 per share per annum greater than Class A shares.

(c) Dividends
The annual dividends per share were as follows:
                                                                                                                   2025        2024
Class A share                                                                                                 $    1.27    $    1.15
Class B share                                                                                                 $    1.28    $    1.16




78         2025 Annual Report
1 7. E A R N I N G S P E R S H A R E


Basic earnings per share
The calculation of basic earnings per share for the year ended December 31, 2025, was based on profit attributable to
Class A shares of $53.8 million (2024 – $55.5 million) and Class B shares of $748.6 million (2024 – $787.6 million) and a
weighted average number of Class A shares outstanding of 11.7 million (2024 – 11.7 million) and Class B shares outstanding
of 163.0 million (2024 – 166.5 million).

Weighted average number of shares (in millions)
                                                                      		December 31,                         December 31,
                                                                              2025                                  2024
                                                                Class A          Class B           Class A              Class B
                                                                 Shares          Shares             Shares              Shares

Issued and outstanding shares at January 1                       11.7             165.1             11.8                166.0
Effect of share conversion from Class A to Class B                 —                 —              (0.1)                 0.1
Effect of stock options exercised                                  —                 —                —                   0.1
Effect of restricted share units exercised                         —                0.1               —                   0.2
Effect of repurchase of shares                                     —               (2.2)              —                  (0.9)
Effect of performance stock units exercised                        —                 —                —                   1.0
Weighted average number of shares at December 31                 11.7             163.0             11.7                166.5

Diluted earnings per share
The calculation of diluted earnings per share for the year ended December 31, 2025, was based on profit attributable
to Class A shares of $53.5 million (2024 – $55.1 million) and Class B shares of $748.9 million (2024 – $788.0 million) and
a diluted weighted average number of Class A shares outstanding of 11.7 million (2024 –11.7 million) and Class B shares
outstanding of 164.0 million (2024 – 167.8 million).

Weighted average number of shares – diluted (in millions)
                                                                                           December 31,      December 31,
                                                                                                  2025              2024
Weighted average number of shares (basic)                                                          174.7                178.2
Effect of deferred share units on issue                                                              0.3                  0.3
Effect of share-based compensation                                                                   0.7                  1.0
Weighted average number of shares (diluted)                                                        175.7                179.5

The average market value of the Company’s shares for the purpose of calculating the dilutive effect of share options was
based on quoted market prices for the year that the options were outstanding.




                                                                                                   2025 Annual Report        79
N O T E S T O T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 (In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)




1 8 . LOA N S A N D B O R R OW I N G S

										 December 31, 		December 31,
                  2025           2024
Current liabilities
Current portion of unsecured notes (ii)                                                                  $    685.5    $        —
Current portion of other loans (iii)                                                                            1.5            4.2
                                                                                                         $    687.0    $       4.2
Short-term operating credit lines available (iv)                                                         $     13.1    $     13.0
Short-term operating credit lines used                                                                   $       —     $       0.6
Non-current liabilities
Unsecured syndicated bank credit facilities (i)                                                          $     243.9   $     347.8
Unsecured notes (ii)                                                                                         1,119.0       1,875.0
Other loans (iii)                                                                                                7.9           9.7
                                                                                                         $   1,370.8   $   2,232.5

(i)   Unsecured syndicated bank credit facilities
As at December 31, 2025, the Company had an unsecured US$1.2 billion revolving credit facility with a syndicate of banks.
The facility bears interest at the applicable benchmark interest rate, plus an interest rate margin linked to the Company’s
net debt to EBITDA. Borrowings under the facility were €153.6 million ($247.5 million; EURIBOR plus 0.75%) and $1.0 million
of contingent letters of credit drawn on this syndicated bank credit facility.
As at December 31, 2024, the Company had an unsecured US$1.2 billion revolving credit facility with a syndicate of banks.
The facility bears interest at the applicable benchmark interest rate, plus an interest rate margin linked to the Company’s net
debt to EBITDA. Borrowings under the facility were $34.0 million (Term CORRA plus 1.0%) and €211.5 million ($314.9 million;
EURIBOR plus 1.0%) and $1.1 million of contingent letters of credit drawn on this syndicated bank credit facility.
In November 2025, this facility was amended, extending the maturity from February 28, 2027, to November 14, 2030.
The unused portion of the revolving syndicated bank credit facility was US$1,018.9 million at December 31, 2025
(December 31, 2024 – US$956.7 million).
As at December 31, 2025, transaction costs related to the unsecured syndicated bank credit facilities were $3.6 million
(December 31, 2024 – $1.1 million).

(ii) Unsecured notes
Unsecured notes as at December 31, 2025, consisted of US$600.0 million ($819.4 million; 2024 – $858.1 million) principal
amount of 144A 3.05% private notes, offered in a private placement in the United States in May 2020, maturing June 1,
2030; $299.6 million (2024 – $299.3 million) principal amount of 3.864% Series 1 Notes, maturing April 13, 2028; and
US$500.0 million ($685.5 million; 2024 – $717.6 million) principal amount of 144A 3.25% private notes, maturing on
October 1, 2026, which the Company intends to refinance. These notes bear interest payable semi-annually. The net
proceeds of all three notes were used to partially repay amounts borrowed under the unsecured syndicated bank credit
facility.
As at December 31, 2025, the Company utilized cross-currency interest rate swap agreements (“CCIRSA”) to effectively
convert notional US$408.5 million (2024 – US$408.5 million) of the 144A 3.05% private notes into €360.0 million (2024 –
€360.0 million) 2.06% and 2.00% fixed rate debt and convert notional US$376.2 million (2024 – US$376.2 million) of the
144A 3.25% private notes into €340.0 million (2024 – €340.0 million) 1.16% and 1.23% fixed rate debt in order to hedge its
euro-based assets and cash flows (note 24(a)).




80       2025 Annual Report
(iii) Other loans
Other loans include term bank loans and seller holdback loans at various rates and repayment terms.

(iv) Operating credit lines
Interest rates charged on the credit lines are based on rates varying with Term CORRA, SOFR, SONIA, EURIBOR, the prime
rate and similar market rates for other currencies.

(v) Reconciliation of changes in liabilities arising from financing activities
Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flows were, or future cash flows will be, classified in the
consolidated statement of cash flows as financing activities. Changes in the Company’s liabilities arising from financing
activities are as follows:
                                                                                                          2025                2024
Balance at January 1                                                                                $   2,236.7      $    2,074.7
Financing cash flows                                                                                     (131.6)             26.8
Foreign exchange                                                                                          (46.7)            132.6
Other                                                                                                      (0.6)              2.6
Balance at December 31                                                                              $   2,057.8      $    2,236.7

As at December 31, 2025 and 2024, there are no assets pledged as collateral against long-term debt.


1 9. F I N A N C E I N C O M E A N D C O S T


Recognized in consolidated income statement
                                                                                                 December 31,      December 31,
                                                                                                        2025              2024
Interest expense on financial liabilities measured at amortized cost                                $      76.0      $         77.8
Fees and interest recognized on other financial instruments                                               (10.2)              (12.4)
Interest expense on post-employment defined benefit plans                                                  26.1                24.4
Finance cost                                                                                               91.9               89.8
Interest income on cash and cash equivalents                                                               16.6               12.9
Interest income on other assets                                                                             1.9                0.2
Interest income on post-employment defined benefit plans                                                   11.3               10.4
Finance income                                                                                             29.8               23.5
Interest expense on lease liabilities                                                                       9.1                 8.7
Net finance cost recognized in consolidated income statement                                        $      71.2      $        75.0

The above finance income and cost are with respect to assets (liabilities) not at FVTPL.




                                                                                                         2025 Annual Report       81
N O T E S T O T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 (In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)




2 0. E M P LOY E E B E N E F I T S

                                                                                                         December 31,    December 31,
                                                                                                                2025            2024
Present value of wholly unfunded defined benefit obligations                                               $    288.8     $     282.3
Present value of partially funded defined benefit obligations                                                   329.2           334.1
Total present value of obligations                                                                              618.0           616.4
Fair value of plan assets                                                                                      (318.4)         (310.1)
Irrecoverable surplus due to asset ceiling                                                                        3.2             0.5
Recognized liability for defined benefit obligations                                                            302.8           306.8
Liability for long-service leave and jubilee plans                                                               21.8            20.9
Total employee benefits                                                                                         324.6           327.7
Total employee benefits reported in trade and other payables                                                     31.6            20.0
Total employee benefits reported in non-current liabilities                                                $    293.0     $     307.7

(a) Defined contribution post-employment plans
The Company sponsors defined contribution post-employment plans in Canada, the U.S., Thailand, the Netherlands and
the U.K. A post-employment plan is classified as a defined contribution plan if the Company pays fixed contributions
into a fund at a separate entity and the Company has no further obligation to pay any further contributions if the fund
does not hold sufficient assets to pay all employee benefits relating to employee service in the current and prior periods.
The expense for Company-sponsored defined contribution post-employment plans was $58.9 million in 2025 (2024 –
$53.3 million), of which $0.1 million (2024 – $0.1 million) was for key management personnel. Company contributions
into defined contribution state plans are included in the line item Compulsory social security contributions in the table
in note 21.

(b) Defined benefit post-employment plans
The Company also has defined benefit post-employment plans in various countries of the world. Although some of these
plans have elements in common with defined contribution plans, the Company has accounted for these as defined benefit
plans as they are not fully funded at a separate entity.

Partially funded defined benefit obligations
The Company’s defined benefit post-employment plans are not fully funded. The obligation of these plans, net of any
assets, is recorded in non-current liabilities on the consolidated statement of financial position in employee benefits
or, for payments expected to be made within the next twelve months, in trade and other payables in current liabilities.
Fluctuations in the pension liabilities resulting from actuarial gains or losses due to changes in risk factors are recorded
in other comprehensive income. The primary partially funded plans are in Canada, the U.K. and Switzerland. Details of
these plans are as follows:
(i)		In Canada, the Company has a registered partially funded defined benefit pension plan for eight retired executives (or
      their widows). The Company makes all required contributions to the plans. Benefits are based on employee earnings.
      An actuary is involved in measuring the obligation of the plan and in calculating the expense and any contributions
      required. The plan is closed to new members. The primary risk factors for this plan are longevity of plan beneficiaries,
      discount rate volatility for the value of the obligation and market risk on the assets. The Company has determined that
      any surplus in the plan after all obligations have been covered is fully available to the Company.
(ii) 	In the U.K., the Company has two registered partially funded defined benefit pension plans.
The first plan has no active members and is closed to new members. Benefits are based on final salary. All members of the
plan are either deferred or retired and benefits are provided to spouses or dependents in the event of a member’s death
before or after retirement. The Company is required to make payments of £0.5 million in deficit funding contributions
annually. An actuary is involved in measuring the obligation of the plan and in calculating the expense and any contributions
required. The primary risk factors for this plan are longevity of plan beneficiaries and discount rate volatility for the value of
the obligation and market risk on the assets. The Company has determined that any surplus in the plan after all obligations
have been covered is fully available to the Company.




82       2025 Annual Report
		On April 6, 2019, the second plan was frozen. No further benefits will be earned by members in the plan and no
   contributions will be paid into the plan other than deficit funding contributions. It is closed to new members. Benefits
   are based on a member’s final pensionable salary and length of service at retirement. Benefits are provided to spouses
   in the event of a member’s death before or after retirement. The Company is required to make payments of £1.5 million in
   deficit funding contributions annually. An actuary is involved in measuring the obligation of the plan and in calculating
   the expense and any contributions required. The primary risk factors for this plan are longevity of plan beneficiaries
   and discount rate volatility for the value of the obligation and market risk on the assets. The Company has determined
   that any surplus in the plan after all obligations have been covered is available to the Company if the plan is wound
   up; however, any surplus while the plan is ongoing is under the authority of the trustees. Active members have been
   moved to a defined contribution plan.
(iii)	In Switzerland, the Company provides a mandatory, legislated contribution-based cash balance plan for employees that
       is accounted for as a post-employment defined benefit plan. Benefits from the plan are paid out at retirement, disability
       or death. If an employee terminates from the Company prior to retirement, the vested benefit equal to the accumulated
       savings account balance is transferred to the pension plan of the new employer. The plan is governed by a foundation
       board that is legally responsible for the operation of the plan and includes employer and employee representation, in
       equal numbers. A legally required minimum level of retirement benefit is based on age-related savings contributions,
       an insured salary defined by law and a required rate of return set annually by the Swiss government. Contributions
       from both employers and employees are compulsory and vary according to age and salary. The primary risk factors
       for this plan are longevity of plan beneficiaries, discount rate volatility for the value of the obligation and market risk
       on the assets. Under Swiss pension law, any surplus assets technically belong to the pension plan and any reduction
       in contributions is at the discretion of the Board.
The most recent actuarial valuation for funding purposes for the executive defined pension plan in Canada was as of
January 1, 2024. The next required actuarial valuation will be as of January 1, 2027. The most recent actuarial valuation of
the two U.K. defined benefit pension plans for funding purposes were as of January 1, 2023. The next required valuation
is as of January 1, 2026.

Wholly unfunded defined benefit obligations
For defined benefit post-employment plans that have no assets, the Company simply funds the plans as benefits are paid.
The primary wholly unfunded plans are in Canada, the U.S., Germany and Mexico. Details of these plans are as follows:
(i)		In Canada, the Company maintains non-registered, wholly unfunded supplemental retirement arrangements for
     nine retired Canadian executives and two retired U.S. executives or their widows. The Company makes all required
     contributions to the plans. Benefits are based on employee earnings. An actuary is involved in measuring the obligation
     of the plans and in calculating the expense and any contributions required. The plans are closed to new members. The
     primary risk factors for these plans are longevity of plan beneficiaries and discount rate volatility.
(ii)	In the U.S., the Company has a post-employment, wholly unfunded deferred compensation plan for designated
      executives (“NQP”). Liabilities are based strictly on the contributions made to the plan and an established rate of return
      and are not subject to actuarial adjustments. It allows executives to elect to defer specified portions of salary, cash
      bonuses and long-term incentive plan payments. The Company contributes a matching portion of the executive’s NQP
      deferred amount to a maximum of 8% of the executive’s base salary plus bonus. The Company may also contribute a
      discretionary annual Company contribution based on a percentage of base salary and annual bonus. Contributions
      to the NQP for one of the executives vest immediately. For the other executives, immediate vesting of discretionary
      Company contributions and interest occurs on death, disability or change of control, with normal vesting occurring
      at age 60 with 10 years’ service. The Company’s matching portion and interest vest in the same manner as Company
      contributions in the 401k plan. Elective deferrals by the executive vest immediately.
(iii)	In Germany, the Company has several wholly unfunded defined benefit plans. There are four salary-based annuity
      plans that are closed to new members, but currently have approximately 60 active members. All contributions and
      benefits are funded by the Company. The primary risk factors for these plans are longevity of plan beneficiaries and
      discount rate volatility. There are also three cash balance plans for current employees. Two of those plans require the
      Company to match a specific portion of employee contributions. Upon retirement, lump sum payments are made
      unless an employee requests an annuity. The third cash balance plan has employer and employee contributions and
      pays out in three instalments upon retirement. The primary risk factor for these three plans is discount rate volatility.




                                                                                                         2025 Annual Report   83
N O T E S T O T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 (In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)




(iv)	In Mexico, the Company has several wholly unfunded defined benefit plans. All are salary-based and paid out as lump
     sums. The Company makes all required contributions to the plans. The primary risk factor for these plans is discount
     rate volatility.
(v)	The Company also has wholly unfunded post-employment defined benefit plans in Austria, Belgium, France, Italy,
     Mexico, Oman, Saudi Arabia, Thailand and the United Arab Emirates. Benefits are paid out in a lump sum upon
     retirement, disability or death. There are no employee contributions in these plans. Benefits are based on salary and
     length of service with the Company.
The following table shows the reconciliation from the opening balances to the closing balances for the defined benefit
post-employment plans, including the defined benefit pension plans, supplemental retirement plans and other post-
employment defined benefit plans.
                                                                                                   Partially           Wholly
2025                                                                                               Funded            Unfunded         Total

Accrued benefit obligation:
 Balance, beginning of year                                                                   $     334.1        $     282.3    $   616.4
 Current service cost                                                                                 2.2                7.1          9.3
 Interest cost                                                                                       15.6               13.0         28.6
 Employee contributions                                                                               1.4                2.2          3.6
 Benefits paid                                                                                      (24.6)             (15.5)       (40.1)
 Actuarial losses – experience                                                                        2.6                1.5          4.1
 Actuarial losses – demographic assumptions                                                           1.5                1.3          2.8
 Actuarial gains – financial assumptions                                                            (16.2)             (11.9)       (28.1)
 Reinstatements and transfers                                                                          —                (0.7)        (0.7)
 Effect of movements in exchange rates                                                               12.6                9.5         22.1
Balance, end of year                                                                          $     329.2        $     288.8    $   618.0
Plan assets:
  Fair value, beginning of year                                                               $     310.1        $        —     $   310.1
  Expected return on plan assets                                                                     13.8                 —          13.8
  Actuarial gains                                                                                     0.7                 —           0.7
  Employee contributions                                                                              1.4                 —           1.4
  Employer contributions                                                                              6.0               16.2         22.2
  Benefits paid                                                                                     (24.6)             (15.5)       (40.1)
  Administrative expenses                                                                            (0.8)                —          (0.8)
  Reinstatements and transfers                                                                         —                (0.7)        (0.7)
  Settlements                                                                                        (0.5)                —          (0.5)
  Effect of movements in exchange rates                                                              12.3                 —          12.3
Fair value, end of year                                                                       $     318.4        $        —     $   318.4
Irrecoverable surplus due to asset ceiling                                                    $          (3.2)   $        —     $     (3.2)
Funded status, net deficit of plans                                                           $      (14.0)      $    (288.8)   $   (302.8)
Accrued benefit liability                                                                     $      (14.0)      $    (288.8)   $   (302.8)




84       2025 Annual Report
                                                                    Partially         Wholly
2024                                                                Funded          Unfunded                 Total

Accrued benefit obligation:
 Balance, beginning of year                                     $    341.8      $     249.8       $        591.6
 Opening balance from current year acquisitions                         —               4.0                  4.0
 Current service cost                                                  1.8              6.1                  7.9
 Interest cost                                                        14.2             12.2                 26.4
 Employee contributions                                                1.4              1.5                  2.9
 Benefits paid                                                       (16.6)           (13.4)               (30.0)
 Actuarial losses – experience                                         4.2              2.1                  6.3
 Actuarial gains – demographic assumptions                            (0.8)              —                  (0.8)
 Actuarial (gains) losses – financial assumptions                    (30.7)            13.2                (17.5)
 Reinstatements and transfers                                         12.1             (0.7)                11.4
 Effect of curtailment                                                (1.0)              —                  (1.0)
 Settlements                                                         (10.5)              —                 (10.5)
 Effect of movements in exchange rates                                18.2              7.5                 25.7
Balance, end of year                                            $    334.1      $     282.3       $        616.4
Plan assets:
  Fair value, beginning of year                                 $    311.8      $        —        $        311.8
  Expected return on plan assets                                      12.4               —                  12.4
  Actuarial losses                                                   (22.7)              —                 (22.7)
  Employee contributions                                               1.4               —                   1.4
  Employer contributions                                               6.9             13.6                 20.5
  Benefits paid                                                      (16.6)           (13.4)               (30.0)
  Administrative expenses                                             (0.7)              —                  (0.7)
  Reinstatements and transfers                                        11.6             (0.2)                11.4
  Settlements                                                        (10.7)              —                 (10.7)
  Effect of movements in exchange rates                               16.7               —                  16.7
Fair value, end of year                                         $    310.1      $        —        $        310.1
Irrecoverable surplus due to asset ceiling                      $      (0.5)    $        —        $          (0.5)
Funded status, net deficit of plans                             $    (24.5)     $    (282.3)      $        (306.8)
Accrued benefit liability                                       $    (24.5)     $    (282.3)      $        (306.8)

The Company’s net defined benefit plan expense is as follows:
                                                                    Partially         Wholly
2025                                                                Funded          Unfunded                 Total

Current service cost                                            $       2.2     $       7.1       $          9.3
Net interest cost on accrued benefit liability                          1.8            13.0                 14.8
Administration costs                                                    0.8              —                   0.8
Net defined benefit plan expense                                $       4.8     $      20.1       $         24.9
Net defined benefit plan expense is recorded in:
Cost of sales                                                   $       1.4     $       1.6       $          3.0
Selling, general and administrative expenses                            1.6             4.4                  6.0
Restructuring and other items                                            —              1.1                  1.1
Finance cost                                                            1.8            13.0                 14.8
Net defined benefit plan expense                                $       4.8     $      20.1       $         24.9




                                                                                      2025 Annual Report        85
N O T E S T O T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 (In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)




                                                                                                   Partially           Wholly
2024                                                                                               Funded            Unfunded        Total

Current service cost                                                                          $           1.8    $       6.1    $    7.9
Net interest cost on accrued benefit liability                                                            1.8           12.2        14.0
Curtailment gain                                                                                         (1.0)            —         (1.0)
Settlement loss                                                                                           0.2             —          0.2
Administration costs                                                                                      0.7             —          0.7
Net defined benefit plan expense                                                              $          3.5     $      18.3    $   21.8
Net defined benefit plan expense is recorded in:
Cost of sales                                                                                 $          1.2     $       1.0    $    2.2
Selling, general and administrative expenses                                                             0.3             4.0         4.3
Restructuring and other items                                                                            0.2             1.1         1.3
Finance cost                                                                                             1.8            12.2        14.0
Net defined benefit plan expense                                                              $          3.5     $      18.3    $   21.8

Actuarial gains (losses) recognized directly in equity are as follows:
                                                                                                                       2025         2024
Actuarial losses – experience                                                                                    $      (4.1)   $    (6.3)
Actuarial gains (losses) – demographic assumptions                                                                      (2.8)         0.8
Actuarial gains – financial assumptions                                                                                 28.1         17.5
Experience gains (losses) on plan assets                                                                                 0.7        (22.7)
Actuarial gains (losses) – irrecoverable surplus                                                                        (2.7)         0.9
Recognized during the year in other comprehensive income                                                         $      19.2    $   (9.8)

Plan assets consist of the following:
                                                                                                   Partially           Wholly
2025                                                                                               Funded            Unfunded       Total

Equity securities                                                                                         37%             —           37%
Debt securities                                                                                           47%             —           47%
Real estate                                                                                                2%             —            2%
Other                                                                                                     14%             —           14%
Total                                                                                                    100%             —          100%

                                                                                                   Partially           Wholly
2024                                                                                               Funded            Unfunded          Total

Equity securities                                                                                         44%             —           44%
Debt securities                                                                                           40%             —           40%
Real estate                                                                                                2%             —            2%
Other                                                                                                     14%             —           14%
Total                                                                                                    100%             —          100%




86       2025 Annual Report
No plan assets are directly invested in the Company’s own shares or directly in any property occupied by, or other assets
used by, the Company.
The actual returns on plan assets are as follows:
                                                                                 Partially          Wholly
                                                                                 Funded           Unfunded                Total

2025                                                                        $      14.5       $         —       $         14.5
2024                                                                        $     (10.3)      $         —       $        (10.3)

The weighted average economic assumptions used to determine post-employment benefit obligations are as follows:
                                                                                 Partially          Wholly
                                                                                 Funded           Unfunded                Total

December 31, 2025
Discount rate                                                                      4.93%             4.29%               4.66%
Expected rate of compensation increase                                             2.07%             3.37%               3.03%
December 31, 2024
Discount rate                                                                      4.67%             4.07%               4.43%
Expected rate of compensation increase                                             1.15%             2.58%               2.26%

The weighted average economic assumptions used to determine post-employment plan expenses are as follows:
									 Partially                                                                                 Wholly
                                                                                 Funded           Unfunded                Total

December 31, 2025
Discount rate                                                                      4.67%             4.07%               4.43%
Expected rate of compensation increase                                             1.32%             2.58%               2.23%
December 31, 2024
Discount rate                                                                      4.12%             4.60%               4.35%
Expected rate of compensation increase                                             1.58%             2.61%               2.38%

The sensitivity analysis on the defined benefit obligation is as follows, and it is prepared by altering one assumption at
a time and keeping the other assumptions unchanged. The resulting defined benefit obligation is then compared to the
defined benefit obligation in the disclosures:
                                                                                                   Partially          Wholly
                                                                                                   Funded           Unfunded

Discount rate (increase 1%)                                                                   $     (39.5)      $        (17.8)
Discount rate (decrease 1%)                                                                   $      42.7       $         19.8
Longevity (+1 year)                                                                           $       6.3       $          9.1
Inflation (+0.25%)                                                                            $       5.0       $           —
Inflation (-0.25%)                                                                            $      (5.5)      $           —
Salary (increase 1%)                                                                          $       1.8       $          2.9
Salary (decrease 1%)                                                                          $      (0.7)      $         (2.7)
Duration (years)                                                                                      13                     8

The Company expects to contribute $6.2 million to the partially funded defined benefit plans and pay $26.9 million in
benefits for the wholly unfunded plans in 2026.

(c) Long-term incentive, long-service leave, jubilee and other plans
The Company has long-term incentive plans with share-based payments, long-service leave plans and jubilee plans in
various countries around the world. As at December 31, 2025, $1.3 million (2024 – $1.4 million) of the total obligation of
$21.8 million (2024 – $20.9 million) was classified as current and reported in trade and other payables. The expense for
cash-settled plans was $0.9 million in 2025 (2024 – $1.0 million).




                                                                                                    2025 Annual Report       87
N O T E S T O T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 (In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)




21. PERSONNEL EXPENSES

                                                                                                               2025           2024
Wages and salaries                                                                                       $   1,553.9    $   1,456.0
Compulsory social security contributions                                                                       200.3          174.7
Contributions to Company-sponsored defined contribution plans                                                   58.9           53.3
Net expenses related to defined benefit plans                                                                   24.9           21.8
Equity-settled share-based payment transactions                                                                 40.7           33.7
                                                                                                         $   1,878.7    $   1,739.5


2 2 . I N C O M E TA X E X P E N S E

                                                                                                               2025           2024
Current tax expense
Current tax on earnings before earnings in equity-accounted investments for the year                     $    281.2     $    249.9
Deferred tax expense (recovery) (note 15)
Origination and reversal of temporary differences                                                        $      (0.3)   $      (8.2)
Impact of tax rate changes                                                                                      (1.9)           0.8
Recognition of previously unrecognized tax losses and deductible temporary differences                          (0.2)          (4.4)
                                                                                                                (2.4)         (11.8)
Total income tax expense                                                                                 $    278.8     $    238.1

Reconciliation of effective tax rate
                                                                                                               2025           2024
Combined Canadian federal and provincial income tax rates                                                      25.5%          25.5%
The income tax expense on the Company’s earnings differs from the amount
 determined by the Company’s statutory rates as follows:
Net earnings for the year                                                                                $    802.4     $    843.1
Add: income tax expense                                                                                       278.8          238.1
Deduct: earnings in equity-accounted investments                                                                5.6           18.9
Earnings before income tax and equity-accounted investments                                                  1,075.6        1,062.3
Income tax using the Company’s domestic combined
  Canadian federal and provincial income tax rates                                                            274.3          259.7
Effect of tax rates in foreign jurisdictions                                                                   (6.3)           7.6
Impact of tax rate changes                                                                                     (1.9)           0.8
Recognition of previously unrecognized tax losses and deductible temporary differences                         (0.2)          (4.4)
Losses and deductible temporary differences for which no deferred tax asset was recognized                      4.1            2.1
Non-deductible expenses and other items                                                                         8.8          (27.7)
                                                                                                         $    278.8     $    238.1

Income tax expense (recovery) recognized directly in other comprehensive income		
Derivatives and foreign currency translation adjustments                                                 $      (0.2)   $      (6.2)
Actuarial losses                                                                                                 5.0           (2.9)
Total income tax recovery recognized directly in other comprehensive income                              $       4.8    $      (9.1)




88       2025 Annual Report
The Company is subject to income taxes in numerous jurisdictions. Significant judgement is required in determining
the worldwide provision for income taxes. There are many transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax
determination is uncertain. The Company recognizes liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues based on estimates of
whether additional taxes will be due. If the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts that were
initially recorded, such differences will impact the current and deferred income tax assets and liabilities in the period in
which such determination is made.

Global minimum top-up tax
The Company is subject to the global minimum top-up tax regime (“Pillar Two Rules”) in Canada under the Global Minimum
Tax Act. The Pillar Two Rules aim to ensure that large multinational enterprises pay a minimum tax of 15% on the income
arising in each jurisdiction in which they operate. The Company recognized a current expense of $0.3 million related to
top-up tax under Pillar Two tax legislation (2024 – $0.4 million).
The Company has adopted International Tax Reform – Pillar Two Model Rules (Amendments to IAS 12). These amendments
provide temporary mandatory relief from deferred tax accounting for the impacts of the top-up tax and will account for
it as a current tax when it is incurred.
Many jurisdictions have enacted new tax legislation to implement a qualified domestic minimum top-up tax (QDMTT),
effective from 2024. The Company operates in numerous jurisdictions that have adopted the QDMTT. As such, where
applicable, the Company will be liable for the top-up tax in relation to their operations in those jurisdictions.


2 3 . S H A R E - B A S E D PAY M E N T S

For options and share awards granted for stock-based compensation, $40.7 million (2024 – $33.7 million) was recognized
in the consolidated financial statements as an expense, with a corresponding offset to contributed surplus.
At December 31, 2025, the Company had five share-based compensation plans, which are described below:

(a) Employee stock option plan
Under the employee stock option plan, the Company may grant options to employees, officers and directors of the
Company. The Company does not grant options to independent directors. The exercise price of each option equals the
closing market price of the Class B non-voting shares on the last trading day prior to the grant date of the option, and an
option’s maximum term is 10 years. Options vest 25% one year from the grant date and 25% each subsequent year. The
term of these options is five years from the grant date. In general, the grants are conditional upon continued employment.
No market conditions affect vesting. Granted options are not entitled to dividends and may not be transferred or assigned
by the option holder. In 2025 and 2024, stock option grants were not awarded.
A summary of the status of the Company’s employee stock option plan as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, and changes
during the years ended on those dates, is presented below:
                                                                                     2025                                    2024
                                                                                  Weighted                                Weighted
                                                                   Shares          Average             Shares              Average
                                                             (in millions)    Exercise Price     (in millions)        Exercise Price

Outstanding at beginning of year                                      —       $         —                0.1      $         55.73
Exercised                                                             —                 —               (0.1)               55.73
Outstanding at end of year                                            —       $         —                 —       $             —

The weighted average share price of stock options exercised in 2024 was $69.25.




                                                                                                      2025 Annual Report          89
N O T E S T O T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 (In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)




(b) Deferred share units (“DSU”)
The Company maintains a deferred share unit plan. Under this plan, non-employee members of the Company’s Board of
Directors may elect to receive DSUs, in lieu of cash remuneration, for director fees that would otherwise be payable to
such directors, or any portion thereof, until DSU holdings of a prescribed limit have been achieved. In addition, director
compensation includes an annual grant of DSUs. The number of units received is equivalent to the fees earned and is
based on the fair market value of a Class B non-voting share of the Company on the date of issue of the DSU. When
dividends are paid on Class B non-voting shares of the Company, the equivalent value per DSU is calculated and the holder
receives additional DSUs in lieu of actual cash dividends based on the fair market value of a Class B non-voting share of
the Company. DSUs cannot be redeemed or paid out until such time as the director ceases to be a director. A DSU entitles
the holder to receive, on a deferred payment basis, the number of Class B non-voting shares of the Company equating to
the number of the holder’s DSUs on the redemption date. The Company accounts for the DSU plan as an equity-settled
share-based payment transaction.
The Company had 0.3 million DSUs outstanding as at December 31, 2025.

(c) Performance stock units (“PSU”)
In 2024, the Company introduced a performance stock unit plan. Under the plan, participants may be eligible to receive a
maximum of approximately 1.4 million Class B non-voting shares of the Company to be issued from treasury. The vesting
of these shares is dependent on the Company’s performance and continuing employment. The grant-date fair value of
these shares is amortized over the vesting period and recognized as compensation expense.

(d) Long-term retention plan (“LTRP”)
In 2017, the Company instituted a long-term retention plan. Under the plan, the Company provided a one-time retention
incentive to executives totaling 0.3 million restricted share units (“RSU”). The incentive vests 25% in each year beginning
in 2022 and ending in 2025, inclusive.
In 2019, under the aforementioned long-term retention plan, the Company provided a one-time retention incentive to
additional executives totaling 0.1 million RSUs. The incentive vests 25% in each year beginning in 2024 and ending in
2027, inclusive.
In 2025, under the aforementioned long-term retention plan, the Company provided a one-time retention incentive to
additional executives totaling 0.1 million RSUs. The incentive vests 25% in each year beginning in 2030 and ending in
2033, inclusive.
Each RSU is equivalent to one Class B non-voting share of the Company, to be issued from treasury. The Company had
0.1 million RSUs outstanding under this plan as at December 31, 2025.

(e) Other restricted share units
In 2020, the Company established the restricted share unit plan. Each unit is equivalent to one Class B non-voting share
of the Company. Current units vest 25% one year from the grant date and 25% each subsequent year. The term of these
units is four years from the grant date, and will be settled through equity. The grants are conditional upon continued
employment. No market conditions affect vesting. Granted units are not entitled to dividends and may not be transferred
or assigned by the unitholder.
The Company had 0.5 million restricted share units outstanding under this plan as at December 31, 2025.




90       2025 Annual Report
24. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS


(a) Hedges of net investments in foreign operations
US$123.8 million (2024 – US$123.8 million) of unsecured 144A 3.25% private notes, US$191.5 million (2024 – US$191.5 million)
of unsecured 144A 3.05% private notes and nil (2024 – US$ nil) of the unsecured syndicated bank credit facilities (hedging
items) have been used to hedge the Company’s exposure to its net investment in US-dollar-denominated operations
(hedged items), with a view to reducing foreign exchange fluctuations. The foreign exchange effect of the unsecured
144A 3.25% private notes, the unsecured 144A 3.05% private notes, the unsecured syndicated bank credit facilities and the
net investment in US-dollar-denominated subsidiaries is reported in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in
the consolidated statement of financial position. These have been and continue to be 100% fully effective hedges as the
notional amounts of the hedging items equal the portion of the net investment balance being hedged. No ineffectiveness
was recognized in the consolidated income statement in 2025 or 2024.
Unsecured syndicated bank credit facilities (hedging item) of €153.6 million (2024 – €211.5 million) were used to hedge
the Company’s exposure to its net investment in self-sustaining euro-denominated operations (hedged items) with a view
to reducing foreign exchange fluctuations. The foreign exchange effect of both the unsecured syndicated bank credit
facilities and the net investment in euro-denominated subsidiaries was reported in other comprehensive income (loss)
in the consolidated statement of financial position. This was a 100% fully effective hedge as the notional amount of the
hedging item equalled the portion of the net investment balance being hedged. No ineffectiveness was recognized in the
consolidated income statement in 2025 or 2024.
In February 2017, the Company converted US$264.7 million of the 144A 3.25% private notes (note 18) into €250.0 million
1.23% fixed rate debt using CCIRSAs (hedging items). In February 2018, a further US$111.5 million of the 144A 3.25% private
notes (note 18) were converted into €90.0 million 1.16% fixed rate debt using CCIRSAs. In June 2020, US$204.6 million and
US$203.9 million of the 144A 3.05% private notes (note 18) were converted into €180.0 million 2.06% fixed rate debt and
€180.0 million 2.00% fixed rate debt, respectively, using CCIRSAs. Each of these conversions was to hedge the Company’s
euro-based assets and cash flows. Fair value of these CCIRSAs was recorded in non-current liabilities when negative in
value and non-current assets when positive in value. The offset was recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income
(loss) in the consolidated statement of financial position. These have all been, and continue to be, 100% fully effective
hedges as the notional amounts of the hedging items equal the portion of the net investment balance being hedged. No
ineffectiveness was recognized in the consolidated income statement in 2025 or 2024.
                                                                                           Fair Value
            Notional Principal Amount              Interest Rate                         December 31
                                        Received           Paid               2025              2024
        Fixed Rate         Fixed Rate     (US$)             (€)               (C$)              (C$)            Maturity         Effective Date

US$105.8 million € 100.0 million           3.25%          1.24%    $ (15.2) million $    3.1 million    October 1, 2026    February 28, 2017
 US$84.8 million € 80.0 million            3.25%          1.20%    $ (12.2) million $    2.2 million    October 1, 2026    February 28, 2017
 US$42.3 million € 40.0 million            3.25%          1.21%    $ (6.1) million $     1.3 million    October 1, 2026    February 28, 2017
 US$31.8 million € 30.0 million            3.25%          1.29%    $ (4.6) million $     0.9 million    October 1, 2026    February 28, 2017
 US$62.1 million € 50.0 million            3.25%          1.16%    $   5.2 million $    14.8 million    October 1, 2026    February 21, 2018
 US$49.4 million € 40.0 million            3.25%          1.15%    $   3.5 million $    11.0 million    October 1, 2026    February 22, 2018
US$125.0 million € 110.0 million           3.05%          2.06%    $ (6.9) million $     7.0 million       June 1, 2030        June 10, 2020
 US$79.6 million € 70.0 million            3.05%          2.06%    $ (4.3) million $     4.8 million       June 1, 2030        June 10, 2020
 US$68.0 million € 60.0 million            3.05%          2.00%    $ (3.8) million $     3.8 million       June 1, 2030        June 23, 2020
 US$45.3 million € 40.0 million            3.05%          2.00%    $ (2.5) million $     2.7 million       June 1, 2030        June 23, 2020
 US$45.3 million € 40.0 million            3.05%          2.01%    $ (2.5) million $     2.7 million       June 1, 2030        June 23, 2020
 US$45.3 million € 40.0 million            3.05%          2.01%    $ (2.5) million $     2.7 million       June 1, 2030        June 23, 2020




                                                                                                                  2025 Annual Report       91
N O T E S T O T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 (In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)




(b) Credit risk

Exposure to credit risk
The carrying amount of financial assets represents the maximum credit exposure. The maximum exposure to credit risk
at the reporting date was as follows:
                                                                                                         December 31,   December 31,
                                                                                                                2025          20243
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                 $     998.2    $     828.7
Trade and other receivables                                                                                   1,293.4        1,251.4
Other assets                                                                                                     24.8           28.1
Derivative instruments                                                                                            8.7           57.1
                                                                                                          $   2,325.1    $   2,165.3

The aging of trade receivables at the reporting date was as follows:
                                                                                                         December 31,   December 31,
                                                                                                                2025          20243
Under 31 days                                                                                             $     628.5    $     628.8
Between 31 and 90 days                                                                                          413.8          393.7
Greater than 90 days                                                                                             90.7           80.3
                                                                                                          $   1,133.0    $   1,102.8

The movement in the allowance for impairment in respect of trade receivables during the year was as follows:
                                                                                                                2025           2024
Balance at January 1                                                                                      $      16.7    $      19.2
Increase (decrease) during the year                                                                               3.2           (2.5)
Balance at December 31                                                                                    $      19.9    $      16.7

The Company believes that no impairment allowance is necessary in respect of trade receivables not past due.




92       2025 Annual Report
(c) Liquidity risk

Exposure to liquidity risk
The following are the contractual maturities of financial liabilities, including estimated interest payments and excluding
the impact of netting agreements:
                                                                                             December 31, 2025
                              December 31, 2024                                                            Payments Due by Period
                                            Carrying     Carrying    Contractual             0–6         6–12           1–2             2–5    More than
                                            Amount       Amount      Cash Flows           Months       Months          Years           Years     5 Years

Non-derivative financial liabilities
  Secured bank loans                 $           0.1 $         —     $        —      $        —    $       —      $       —       $      —      $     —
  Unsecured bank loans                           3.6          1.6            1.6             0.4          1.1            0.1             —            —
  Unsecured 144A 3.25%
    private notes                             717.6        685.5          686.2              —         686.2             —               —            —
  Unsecured 144A 3.05%
    private notes                             858.1        819.4          823.4              —             —             —            823.4           —
  Unsecured 3.864%
    Series 1 Notes                            299.3        299.6          300.0              —             —             —            300.0           —
  Unsecured syndicated
    bank credit facility                      347.8        243.9          247.5              —             —             —            247.5           —
  Other long-term obligations                  10.2          7.8            7.8              —             —             —              7.8           —
  Interest on unsecured
    bank credit facilities                         *            *          36.7*             3.4          3.9            7.7           21.7           —
  Interest on 144A 3.25%
    private notes                                  *            *          16.7*             5.6        11.1             —               —            —
  Interest on 144A 3.05%
    private notes                                  *            *         110.9*           10.5         12.5           25.1            62.8           —
  Interest on unsecured 3.864%
    Series 1 Notes                                 *            *          26.5*             3.3          5.8          11.6             5.8           —
  Interest on other
    long-term debt                                 *            *            0.9             —             —             —              0.9           —
  Trade and other
    payables                                1,416.9      1,467.2         1,467.2*        1,467.2           —             —               —            —
Accrued post-employment
  benefit liabilities                             *            *          324.9*            3.1          3.1           28.9           107.4         182.4
Lease liabilities                             210.9        202.4          245.0            29.0         26.6           42.1            71.3          76.0
Total contractual
 cash obligations                       $   3,864.5 $ 3,727.4        $ 4,295.3       $1,522.5      $ 750.3        $ 115.5         $ 1,648.6 $ 258.4

* Accrued long-term employee benefit and post-employment benefit liability of $31.6 million, accrued interest of $10.6 million on unsecured notes,
  unsecured bonds and unsecured syndicated credit facilities, and accrued interest of $2.6 million on derivatives are reported in trade and other payables
  in 2025 (2024: $20.0 million, $10.9 million and $2.4 million, respectively).




                                                                                                                               2025 Annual Report      93
N O T E S T O T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 (In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)




(d) Currency risk

Exposure to currency risk
The Company’s exposure to foreign currency risk was as follows based on notional amounts:
                                                                         December 31, 2025                                  December 31, 2024
                                               U.S.                    U.K.                                        U.S.     U.K.
                                              Dollar                  Pound                  Euro                 Dollar   Pound              Euro

Cash and cash equivalents                    246.5                     30.0              154.2                207.3         29.6            107.5
Trade and other receivables                  329.7                     23.7              185.4                335.8         24.2            192.7
Trade and other payables                     334.0                     38.4              211.8                334.3         31.5            212.7
Long-term debt                               321.0                       —               854.6                322.4           —             913.9

Sensitivity analysis
A 5% weakening of the Canadian dollar, as indicated below, against the following currencies at December 31 would have
increased (decreased) equity and income by the amounts shown below. This analysis assumes that all other variables; in
particular, interest rates, remain constant.
                                                                                                         Equity                    Income Statement

                                                                                    2025                 2024              2025              2024
Euro                                                                                (42.1)               (43.3)            (0.1)              (1.7)
U.S. dollar                                                                         (20.0)               (21.9)             8.2                4.8
U.K. pound                                                                           29.3                 28.5             (0.2)               0.2

A 5% strengthening of the Canadian dollar against the above currencies at December 31 would have had the equal but
opposite effect on the above currencies to the amounts shown above, on the basis that all other variables remain constant.

(e) Interest rate risk
An increase of 100 basis points in interest rates on the floating rate debt and cash equivalents as at the reporting date
would increase net earnings by $7.5 million (2024 – $4.8 million increase). This analysis assumes that all other variables;
in particular, foreign currency rates, remain constant.




94       2025 Annual Report
(f) Fair values versus carrying amounts
The fair values of financial assets and liabilities, together with the carrying amounts shown in the consolidated statement
of financial position, are as follows:
                                                                       December 31, 2025                December 31, 2024
                                                                Carrying             Fair          Carrying               Fair
                                                                Amount              Value          Amount                Value

Assets carried at fair value:
Other assets                                                $      24.8       $     24.8      $      28.1       $        28.1
Derivative financial assets                                         8.7              8.7             57.1                57.1
                                                            $      33.5       $     33.5      $      85.2       $        85.2
Assets carried at amortized cost:
Trade and other receivables                                 $   1,293.4       $ 1,293.4       $   1,251.4       $    1,251.4
Cash and cash equivalents                                         998.2           998.2             828.7              828.7
                                                            $   2,291.6       $ 2,291.6       $   2,080.1       $    2,080.1
Liabilities carried at fair value:
Derivative financial liabilities                            $      60.6       $     60.6      $         —       $          —
                                                            $      60.6       $     60.6      $         —       $          —
Liabilities carried at amortized cost:
Trade and other payables                                    $   1,467.2       $ 1,467.2       $   1,416.9       $    1,416.9
Unsecured 144A 3.25% private notes                                685.5           680.9             717.6              698.8
Unsecured 144A 3.05% private notes                                819.4           776.2             858.1              772.9
Unsecured 3.864% Series 1 Notes                                   299.6           302.2             299.3              299.7
Unsecured syndicated bank credit facilities                       243.9           243.9             347.8              347.8
Other loans                                                         9.4             9.4              13.9               13.9
                                                            $   3,525.0       $ 3,479.8       $   3,653.6       $    3,550.0

The basis for determining fair values is disclosed in note 3.
The interest rates used to discount estimated cash flows for the unsecured notes are based on the government yield curve
at the reporting date, plus an adequate credit spread.




                                                                                                    2025 Annual Report      95
N O T E S T O T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 (In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)




(g) Fair value hierarchy
The table below summarizes the levels of hierarchy for financial assets and liabilities.
The different levels have been defined as follows:
• Level 1: quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;
•	Level 2: inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are observable for the asset or liability, either
   directly (i.e., as prices) or indirectly (i.e., derived from prices); and
• Level 3: inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).

                                                                               Level 1              Level 2        Level 3           Total

December 31, 2025
Other assets                                                            $       24.8          $         —      $      —      $       24.8
Derivative financial assets                                                       —                    8.7            —               8.7
Long-term debt                                                                    —               (2,012.6)           —          (2,012.6)
Derivative financial liabilities                                                  —                   60.6            —              60.6
                                                                        $       24.8          $ (1,943.3)      $      —      $ (1,918.5)

                                                                               Level 1               Level 2       Level 3           Total

December 31, 2024
Other assets                                                            $       28.1          $         —      $      —      $       28.1
Derivative financial assets                                                       —                   57.1            —              57.1
Long-term debt                                                                    —               (2,133.1)           —          (2,133.1)
                                                                        $       28.1          $ (2,076.0)      $      —      $ (2,047.9)

The methods and assumptions used to measure the fair value are as follows:
The fair value of derivative financial instruments generally reflects the estimated amounts that the Company would receive
to sell favourable contracts or pay to transfer unfavourable contracts, at the reporting date. The Company uses discounted
cash flow analysis and market data such as interest rates, credit spreads and foreign exchange spot rates to estimate the
fair value of forward agreements and interest-rate derivatives.
The fair value of long-term debt is estimated using public quotations, when available, or discounted cash flow analysis
based on the current corresponding borrowing rate for similar types of borrowing arrangements.


2 5. F I N A N C I A L R I S K M A N AG E M E N T

The Company has exposure to the following risks from its use of financial instruments:
• credit risk;
• liquidity risk; and
• market risk.
This note presents information about the Company’s exposure to each of the above risks, the Company’s objectives,
policies and processes for measuring and managing risk, and the Company’s management of capital. Further quantitative
disclosures are included throughout these consolidated financial statements.
The Company’s risk management policies are established to identify and analyze the risks faced by the Company, to set
appropriate risk limits and controls, and to monitor risks and adherence to limits. Risk management policies and systems
are reviewed regularly to reflect changes in market conditions and the Company’s activities. The Company, through its
training and management standards and procedures, aims to develop a disciplined and constructive control environment
in which all employees understand their roles and obligations.




96       2025 Annual Report
(a) Credit risk
Credit risk is the risk of financial loss to the Company if a customer or counterparty to a financial instrument fails to meet
its contractual obligations, and it arises principally from the Company’s receivables from customers and investment
securities.
The Company has established a credit policy under which each new customer is analyzed individually for creditworthiness
before the Company’s payment and delivery terms and conditions are offered. The Company’s review includes external
ratings, where available, and in some cases bank references. Purchase limits are established for each customer, which
represent the maximum open amount without requiring approval from senior management; these limits are reviewed
quarterly. Customers that fail to meet the Company’s benchmark creditworthiness may transact with the Company only
on a prepayment basis.
The Company is potentially exposed to credit risk arising from derivative financial instruments if a counterparty fails to
meet its obligations. These counterparties are large international financial institutions, and, to date, no such counterparty
has failed to meet its financial obligations to the Company. As at December 31, 2025, the Company’s exposure to credit
risk arising from derivative financial instruments amounted to $14.3 million (2024 – $62.8 million).

(b) Liquidity risk
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will not be able to meet its financial obligations as they fall due. The Company
manages liquidity by monitoring expected cash flows and to ensure the availability of credit as much as possible, that
it will always have sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities when they are due. The financial obligations of the Company
include trade and other payables, long-term debt and other long-term items. The contractual maturity of trade payables
is six months or less. Long-term debt includes instruments with varying maturities extending to 2030. The Company has
the capacity to discharge its current liabilities from the continued cash flows from business operations, an additional
$998.2 million of cash on hand and US$1,018.9 million of available capacity within its syndicated bank credit facility at
December 31, 2025.

(c) Market risk
Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices, such as foreign exchange rates, interest rates and commodity
prices, will affect the Company’s income or the value of its holdings of financial instruments. The objective of market risk
management is to manage and control market risk exposures within acceptable parameters, while optimizing the return.
The Company uses derivatives to manage market risks. Generally, the Company seeks to apply hedge accounting in
order to manage volatility in profit or loss. The Company does not utilize derivative financial instruments for speculative
purposes.

(i)   Currency risk
The Company operates internationally, giving rise to exposure to market risks from changes in foreign exchange rates.
The Company partially manages these exposures by contracting primarily in Canadian dollars, euros, U.K. pounds and
U.S. dollars. Additionally, each subsidiary’s sales and expenses are primarily denominated in its local currency, further
minimizing the foreign exchange impact on the operating results.
In other cases, borrowings are done by non-Canadian-dollar-based subsidiaries in their own functional currencies such
that the principal and interest are denominated in a currency that matches the cash flows generated by those subsidiaries.
These provide natural hedges that do not require the application of hedge accounting.

(ii) Interest rate risk
The Company is exposed to market risk related to interest rate fluctuations on its debt. To mitigate this risk, the Company
maintains a combination of fixed and floating rate debt.

(iii) Commodity price risk
Polypropylene is the most significant input cost for the Innovia Segment. It is traded in the market, with prices linked to the
market price of natural gas and refining capacity. The Segment does not use derivative financial instruments to hedge its
exposure to the volatility of polypropylene prices; therefore, movements must be managed and, where possible, passed
along to the Segment’s customers.




                                                                                                       2025 Annual Report   97
N O T E S T O T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 (In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)




(d) Capital management
The Company’s objective is to maintain a strong capital base throughout the economic cycle to maintain investor,
creditor and market confidence and to sustain the future development of the business. This capital structure supports
the Company’s objective to provide an attractive financial return to its shareholders equal to that of its leading specialty
packaging peers.
The Company defines capital as average total equity and measures the return on capital (or return on equity) by dividing
annual net earnings before goodwill impairment loss, revaluation gain, and restructuring and other items by the average
of the beginning and the end-of-year shareholders’ equity. In 2025, the return on capital was 14.8% (2024 – 15.5%).
Management and the Board maintain a balance between the expected higher return on capital that might be possible with
a higher level of financial debt and the advantages and security afforded by a lower level of financial leverage.
The Company has provided a growing level of dividends to its shareholders over the last few years, generally related to
its growth in earnings. Dividends are declared bearing in mind the Company’s current earnings, cash flow and financial
leverage.
There were no changes in the Company’s approach to capital management during the year.
The Company is subject to certain financial covenants on its unsecured syndicated bank credit facility. The Company
monitors the ratios on a quarterly basis and at December 31, 2025, was in compliance with all its covenants.


2 6. C O M M I T M E N T S A N D C O N T I N G E N C I E S


(a) Commitments
As at December 31, 2025, the Company had uncollateralized surety bonds of $30.0 million (2024 – $26.0 million), primarily
to the Brazilian Tax Authority in order to facilitate the appeal of tax reassessments. The Company intends to vigorously
defend these claims, which the Company considers to be without merit and, accordingly, has made no provision for the
matter.

(b) Contingencies
In the normal course of operations, the Company and its subsidiaries may be subject to lawsuits, investigations and other
claims, including environmental, labour, product, customer disputes and other matters.
In the first quarter of 2019, a hearing on a jurisdictional issue was heard in respect of a lawsuit launched in 2011 by Benoy
Berry and a company controlled by him, Global Secure Currency Ltd. (collectively “Berry”), in Nigerian Federal Court
against CCL Secure Pty Ltd. (formerly Innovia Security Pty Ltd.) (“ISPL”), and Innovia Films Ltd. (collectively “IFL”), as well
as other defendants not affiliated with ISPL. The court denied IFL’s motion to dismiss the lawsuit on the jurisdictional issue.
IFL is appealing that decision to the highest appeals court in Nigeria. The lawsuit alleges that IFL and the co-defendants
committed to build a banknote substrate plant in Nigeria and Berry seeks an order requiring IFL and the co-defendants to
build the plant or in lieu thereof, grant an award of total damages in the amount of €1.5 billion ($2.4 billion). IFL intends to
vigorously defend this claim, which the Company considers to be without merit and accordingly, the Company has made
no provision for the matter.
Management believes that adequate provisions for legal claims have been recorded in the accounts where required.
Although it is not always possible to accurately estimate the result or magnitude of legal claims due to the various
uncertainties involved in the legal process, management believes that the ultimate resolution of all such pending matters,
individually and in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse impact on the Company, its business, financial position
or liquidity.




98       2025 Annual Report
2 7. R E L AT E D PA R T I E S


(a) Beneficial ownership
The directors and officers of CCL Industries Inc. as a group beneficially own, control, or direct, directly or indirectly,
approximately 11.2 million of the issued and outstanding Class A voting shares, representing 95.5% of the issued and
outstanding Class A voting shares.

(b) Director’s loan
In May 2025, a $0.9 million one-year 4.0% interest-bearing unsecured promissory note was issued to a director of the
Company. As at December 31, 2025, the outstanding balance, including principal and accrued interest, totaled $0.9 million
(2024 – $nil) and is classified within trade and other receivables on the consolidated statements of financial position.


2 8 . K E Y M A N AG E M E N T P E R S O N N E L C O M P E N SAT I O N

                                                                                                      2025                2024
Short-term employee compensation and benefits                                                   $      12.5      $        12.5
Share-based compensation                                                                               19.2               15.8
Post-employment benefits                                                                                1.1                1.0
                                                                                                $      32.8      $        29.3


2 9. AC C U M U L AT E D OT H E R C O M P R E H E N S I V E I N C O M E

                                                                                                      2025                2024
Unrealized foreign currency translation gains, net of tax recovery
 of $8.8 million (2024 – tax recovery of $8.7 million)                                          $    109.9       $        79.3
Gains on derivatives designated as cash flow hedges,
 net of tax expense of $0.1 million (2024 – tax expense of $nil)                                        0.3                0.2
                                                                                                $    110.2       $        79.5


3 0. R E S T R U C T U R I N G A N D OT H E R I T E M S

                                                                                                      2025                2024
Restructuring costs                                                                             $      10.4      $         3.3
Acquisition costs                                                                                       0.1                2.2
Total restructuring and other items                                                             $      10.5      $         5.5

For the full year 2025, restructuring costs and other items represented an expense of $10.5 million ($8.0 million after tax)
as follows:
•	Restructuring and other items of $10.5 million ($8.0 million after tax), primarily related to severance charges for Avery,
   Checkpoint and CCL Segment.
For the full year 2024, restructuring costs and other items represented an expense of $5.5 million ($4.8 million after tax)
as follows:
•	Restructuring expenses of $3.3 million ($2.6 million after tax), primarily related to severance charges in the CCL
   Segment.
• Acquisition transaction costs totaled $2.2 million ($2.2 million after tax), associated with the Pacman acquisition.




                                                                                                     2025 Annual Report     99
N O T E S T O T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 (In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)




31. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

Prior to the release of the 2025 annual consolidated financial statements, the Company announced the following:
•	The Board of Directors has declared a dividend of $0.36 per Class B non-voting share and $0.3575 per Class A voting
   share, which will be payable to shareholders of record at the close of business on March 17, 2026, to be paid on March 31,
   2026.
•	In January 2026, the Company signed a binding agreement to acquire Advanced Safety Technologies B.V. and its
   subsidiaries d.b.a. ALT Technologies (“ALT”), a label producer for automotive and industrial markets, for an estimated
   $32.0 million on a debt free basis. Closing is expected during the second quarter of 2026 following regulatory approvals.




100      2025 Annual Report
SIX YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY
(In millions of Canadian dollars, except share and ratio data)




                                       2025                      2024          2023                2022                2021                2020
Sales & Net Earnings
Sales                          $    7,663.8           $    7,245.0       $   6,649.6        $   6,382.2          $   5,732.8      $    5,242.3
Depreciation and
  amortization                        465.2                  432.4            403.3               365.3               342.4                346.4
Net finance costs                      71.2                   75.0             78.0                64.8                56.9                 65.2
Net earnings                          802.41                 843.12           530.23              622.74              599.15               529.76
Basic net earnings
  per Class B share            $        4.591         $          4.732   $     2.993        $      3.504         $     3.335      $         2.966

Financial Position
Current assets                 $      3,233.9         $    3,037.5       $   2,685.3        $   2,819.7          $   2,447.6      $    2,224.7
Current liabilities                   2,276.6              1,510.5           1,416.9            1,501.4              1,418.0           1,262.0
Working capital7               ­		      957.3              1,527.0           1,268.4            1,318.3              1,029.6             962.7
Total assets                         10,101.5              9,859.1           8,924.2            8,664.4              7,627.8           7,336.7
Net debt                              1,262.0              1,618.9           1,508.2            1,522.3              1,249.2           1,390.9
Shareholders’ equity               $ 5,640.4          $    5,280.7       $   4,623.2        $   4,265.2          $   3,747.0      $    3,282.2
Net debt to equity ratio                 0.22                 0.31              0.33               0.36                 0.33              0.42
Net debt to total
  book capitalization                   18.3%                    23.5%         24.6%               26.3%               25.0%                29.8%

Number of shares (000,000’s)
Class A – Dec 31                       11.7                   11.7             11.8                11.8                11.8                 11.8
Class B – Dec 31                      161.5                  165.1            166.0               165.2               168.4                167.4
Weighted average
 for the year                         174.7                  178.2            177.6               178.0               179.7                178.7

Cash Flow
Cash provided by
 operations           $             1,304.4           $    1,063.9       $   1,003.3        $     992.8          $    838.7       $        882.9
Additions to plant,
 property & equipment                 441.2                  462.0            461.6               447.2               323.8                282.8
Business acquisitions                  24.6                  142.9            324.3               287.2               234.4                161.4
Dividends                             223.7                  206.4            188.2               170.3               151.0                128.7
Dividends per
 Class B share        $                 1.28          $          1.16    $     1.06         $      0.96          $     0.84       $         0.72

Note:
1
    After pre-tax restructuring and other items – net loss of $10.5 million.			
2
    After pre-tax revaluation gain, and restructuring and other items – net gain of $72.6 million.			
3
    After pre-tax goodwill impairment loss, and restructuring and other items – net loss of $137.8 million.			
4
    After pre-tax restructuring and other items – net loss of $11.7 million.			
5
    After pre-tax restructuring and other items – net loss of $4.4 million.			
6
    After pre-tax restructuring and other items – net loss of $27.6 million.			
7
    Current assets minus current liabilities.			




                                                                                                                      2025 Annual Report      101
2025 BUSINESS LEADERSHIP




North America                             Europe                                    Asia Pacific
Mark Cooper                               Günther Birkner                           Da Gang Li
President,                                President,                                Group Vice President,
Avery & METO                              Food & Beverage, Healthcare & Specialty   CCL Industries Greater China
Brea, California, USA                     and Innovia                               Shanghai, PR China
                                          Zurich, Switzerland
Ben Lilienthal                                                                      Reto Klauser
President,                                Derek Cumming                             Vice President & Managing Director,
Checkpoint & Group Vice President,        Group Vice President,                     CCL Label Asia
CCL Industries Central America            CCL Design                                Singapore
Thorofare, New Jersey, USA                East Kilbride, Scotland
                                                                                    Kittipong Kulratanasinsuk
Ben Rubino                                Lee Pretsell                              Vice President & Managing Director,
President,                                Group Vice President,                     CCL Label ASEAN
Home & Personal Care                      Healthcare & Specialty                    Bangkok, Thailand
Lumberton, New Jersey, USA                Dublin, Ireland
                                                                                    Ying Lin
Eric Frantz                               Reinhard Streit                           Vice President & Managing Director,
Group Vice President,                     Group Vice President,                     CCL Label China
Home & Personal Care, North America       Food & Beverage                           Guangzhou, PR China
Hermitage, Pennsylvania, USA              Völkermarkt, Austria
                                                                                    Alex Zhu
Stephan Finke                             Simon Huber                               Vice President & Managing Director,
Vice President & Managing Director,       Managing Director,                        CCL Design Electronics and Automotive
Wine & Spirits North America              Innovia Films Europe                      Parts – Greater China & ASEAN
Sonoma, California, USA                   Zurich, Switzerland                       Suzhou, PR China
Shannon Ablog                             Billy Hutchison                           Neil Sanders
Vice President & General Manager,         Vice President & Managing Director,       Vice President & Managing Director,
Sleeves USA                               CCL Design Europe                         CCL Secure – Polymer Bank Notes
Sioux Falls, South Dakota, USA            Glasgow, Scotland                         Melbourne, Australia
Bill Goldsmith                            Nicolas Jean-Jean
                                                                                    Latin America
Vice President Business Development,      Vice President & General Manager,
CCL Design North America                  Avery Europe                              Luis Jocionis
Clinton, South Carolina, USA              Maidenhead, England                       Group Vice President,
                                                                                    CCL Industries South America
Al Green                                  Mathias Maennel                           São Paulo, Brazil
Vice President,                           Vice President & Managing Director,
Technology Development                    CCL Faubel Clinical Europe
Clinton, South Carolina, USA              Melsungen, Germany
Dave Joesten                              John O’Brien
Vice President & General Manager,         Vice President & Managing Director,
CCL Healthcare Literature North America   CCL Label Healthcare & Specialty,
Baltimore, Maryland, USA                  UK & Ireland
                                          Ashford, England
Sandra Lane
Vice President,                           Jamie Robinson
CCL Secure North America                  Vice President & Managing Director,
Greensboro, North Carolina, USA           Home & Personal Care Europe and
                                          Food and Beverage, U.K.
Allison Phillips
                                          Castleford, England
Vice President,
Strategic Business Development            Sergio Soriano
Avery North America                       Vice President & Managing Director,
Brea, California, USA                     Checkpoint Merchandise Availability
                                          Solutions
Pramit Sen
                                          Barcelona, Spain
Vice President & General Manager,
CCL Healthcare Label North America
Hightstown, New Jersey, USA
Jamie Shacklett
Vice President & General Manager,
CCL Tube
Lumberton, New Jersey, USA
Patrick Thomas
Vice President & General Manager,
CCL Design North America
Strongsville, Ohio, USA

102     2025 Annual Report
2 0 2 5 C O R P O R AT E E X E C U T I V E S




Donald G. Lang                                 Kamal Kotecha                Lalitha Vaidyanathan
Executive Chairman                             Vice President, Global Tax   Senior Vice President,
                                                                            Finance-IT-Human Resources,
Geoffrey T. Martin                             Mark McClendon
                                                                            CCL Industries
President and                                  Vice President and
Chief Executive Officer                        General Counsel              Jamil D. Suleman
                                                                            Vice President, Corporate Accounting
Suzana Furtado                                 James A. Sellors
Corporate Secretary                            Senior Vice President,       Sean P. Washchuk
                                               Business Development         Senior Vice President and
                                                                            Chief Financial Officer




2 0 2 5 B OA R D O F D I R ECTO RS




Angella V. Alexander                           Andrea E. Daly               Geoffrey T. Martin
Director since 2023                            Director since 2025          Director since 2005
Chief Human Resources Officer,                 Corporate Director           President and CEO,
ATS Automation Tooling Systems Inc.            Ontario, Canada              CCL Industries Inc.
Ontario, Canada                                                             Massachusetts, USA
                                               Donald G. Lang
Andrew M. Butler                               Director since 1991          Thomas C. Peddie
Director since 2025                            Executive Chairman,          Director since 2003
President,                                     CCL Industries Inc.          Corporate Director
Lang Family Office                             Ontario, Canada              Ontario, Canada
Ontario, Canada
                                               Erin M. Lang                 Claude Tessier
Linda G. Cash                                  Director since 2016          Director since 2023
Director since 2021                            Corporate Director           Corporate Director
Corporate Director                             Ontario, Canada              Québec, Canada
Georgia, USA
                                               Michael H. Larsson
Mandeep Chawla                                 Director since 2025
Director since 2025                            President,
Chief Financial Officer,                       Dematic Corporation
Celestica Inc.                                 Michigan, USA
Ontario, Canada




                                                                                            2025 Annual Report     103
S H A R E H O L D E R S ’ I N F O R M AT I O N




Auditors                                                                   Annual and Special Meeting of Shareholders
KPMG LLP                                                                   The Annual and Special Meeting of Shareholders will be held on:
Chartered Professional Accountants                                         May 14, 2026 at 2:00 p.m.
                                                                           CCL Industries Inc.
Legal Counsel                                                              111 Gordon Baker Road
McMillan LLP                                                               Suite 801
Transfer Agent                                                             Toronto, ON M2H 3R1
TSX Trust Company                                                          Class B Share Information
301-100 Adelaide Street West                                               Stock Symbol CCL.B
Toronto, ON M5H 4H1
Email:             shareholderinquiries@tmx.com                            Listed TSX
Investor Services: (416) 682-3860 or (800) 387-0825
                                                                           Opening price 2025                                                  $74.16
Fax:               (888) 249-6189 or (416) 361-0470
                                                                           Closing price 2025		                                                $86.70
		                 (outside Canada and the U.S.A.)
                                                                           Number of trades		                                                 441,139
Website:           www.tsxtrust.com
                                                                           Trading volume (shares)                                         75,456,179
Financial Information                                                      Trading value		                                             $5,813,342,461
Institutional investors, analysts and registered representatives           Annual dividends declared                                            $1.28
requiring additional information may contact:

                                                                           Shares outstanding at December 31, 2025
Sean Washchuk
Senior Vice President and CFO                                              Class A voting shares                                              11,743,323
(416) 756-8526                                                             Class B non-voting shares                                         161,501,741

Additional copies of this report can be obtained from:
CCL Industries Inc.
Investor Relations Department
111 Gordon Baker Road
Suite 801
Toronto, ON M2H 3R1
Tel:		              (416) 756-8500
Fax:                (416) 756-8555
Email:              ccl@cclind.com
Website:            www.cclind.com




                                                                                                                                                         Designed by DELBOVE Design Studio – 2026




104      2025 Annual Report                                This report is printed on recyclable, acid-free and chlorine free paper. Printed in Canada.
CCL Industries Inc.
111 Gordon Baker Road, Suite 801
Toronto, ON M2H 3R1, Canada
Tel +1 (416) 756 8500

161 Worcester Road
Framingham, MA 01701, USA
Tel +1 (508) 872 4511



www.cclind.com
