Consolidated Financial Statements
(In millions of Canadian dollars)



CCL INDUSTRIES INC.

Years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023




                                         1
KPMG LLP
100 New Park Place, Suite 1400
Vaughan, ON L4K 0J3
Tel 905-265 5900
Fax 905-265 6390
www.kpmg.ca

                                       INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


To the Shareholders of CCL Industries Inc.
Opinion
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of CCL Industries Inc. (the Entity), which comprise:
•   the consolidated statements of financial position as at December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023
•   the consolidated income statements for the years then ended
•   the consolidated statements of comprehensive income for the years then ended
•   the consolidated statements of changes in equity for the years then ended
•   the consolidated statements of cash flow for the years then ended
•   and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant material
    accounting policy information.
(Hereinafter referred to as the “financial statements”).


In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated
financial position of the Entity as at December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, its consolidated financial
performance and its consolidated cash flows for the years then ended in accordance with IFRS Accounting
Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board.
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards. Our
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the “Auditor’s Responsibilities for the
Audit of the Financial Statements” section of our auditor’s report.
We are independent of the Entity in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of
the financial statements in Canada and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with
these requirements.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
opinion.




                            KPMG LLP, an Ontario limited liability partnership and member firm of the KPMG global
                            organization of independent member firms affiliated with KPMG International Limited, a private
                            English company limited by guarantee. KPMG Canada provides services to KPMG LLP.
                            Document classification: KPMG Confidential
Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit
of the financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2024. These matters were addressed in the
context of our audit of the financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not
provide a separate opinion on these matters.
We have determined the matters described below to be the key audit matters to be communicated in our
auditor’s report.
Evaluation of goodwill and brands for impairment
Description of the matter
We draw attention to Notes 2(d), 3(e), 3(h(ii)), 12 and 13 of the financial statements.
The goodwill and indefinite-life intangible assets (goodwill and brands) balances were $2,554.1 million and
$474.6 million respectively. The Entity performs goodwill and brands impairment testing annually or more
frequently when events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of a CGU may exceed its
recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of a CGU’s fair value, less costs to sell, and its
value in use. The value in use is determined by discounting the future cash flows generated from the
continuing performance of each CGU. Key assumptions used in the determination of the value in use include
growth rates and discount rates.
Why the matter is a key audit matter
We identified the evaluation of the goodwill and brands for impairment as a key audit matter. This matter
represented an area of significant risk of material misstatement and there is a high degree of estimation
uncertainty in determining the value in use. Significant auditor attention and significant auditor judgment, in
particular that of senior team members and valuation professionals with specialized skills and knowledge,
was required in performing and evaluating the results of our procedures
How the matter was addressed in the audit
The primary procedures we performed to address this key audit matter included the following:
We evaluated the forecasted profitability of the Entity by comparing to its historical profitability growth rates.
We took into account changes in conditions and events affecting the CGUs to assess the adjustments, or
lack of adjustments, made in arriving at those forecasted cashflows. We considered the current economic
environment along with internal and external communications made by the Entity to evaluate if they are
indicative of a continuation of, or a change from, past experience.
We involved valuation professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in assessing the
discount rate, which was based on weighted average cost of capital (WACC) by comparing each CGU’s
WACC to a WACC range that was independently developed using publicly available data including risk
premiums, betas and debt to capital ratios for comparable entities.
We assessed the reasonableness of the recoverable amount of goodwill and brand assets by developing an
estimated recoverable amount using each CGU’s future cash flows and the independently developed
discount rate developed by valuation professionals above and comparing the result to the CGU’s estimated
recoverable amount.
We performed sensitivity analyses over key assumptions and assessed their impact on the Entity’s
determination that the estimated recoverable amount of the CGUs exceeded their carrying amounts.

                                                                                                                     2
Other Information
Management is responsible for the other information. Other information comprises:
•   the information included in Management’s Discussion and Analysis filed with the relevant Canadian
    Securities Commissions.
•   the information, other than the financial statements and the auditor’s report thereon, included in a
    document likely to be entitled “Annual Report”.
Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not and will not
express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information
identified above and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the
financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit and remain alert for indications that the other
information appears to be materially misstated.
We obtained the information included in Management’s Discussion and Analysis filed with the relevant
Canadian Securities Commissions as at the date of this auditor’s report.


If, based on the work we have performed on this other information, we conclude that there is a material
misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact in the auditor’s report.
We have nothing to report in this regard. We have concluded that the following mat
The information, other than the financial statements and the auditor’s report thereon, included in a document
likely to be entitled “Annual Report” is expected to be made available to us after the date of this auditor’s
report. If, based on the work we will perform on this other information, we conclude that there is a material
misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact to those charged with governance.
Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged with Governance for the Financial
Statements
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in
accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board,
and for such internal control as management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of financial
statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Entity's ability to continue
as a going concern, disclosing as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the Entity or to cease operations, or has
no realistic alternative but to do so.
Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Entity's financial reporting process.
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes
our opinion.




                                                                                                                3
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in
accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards will always detect a material misstatement
when it exists.
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate,
they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of the
financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards, we exercise
professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit.
We also:
•   Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or
    error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is
    sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
    The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from
    error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of
    internal control.
•   Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that
    are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
    effectiveness of the Entity's internal control.
•   Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
    estimates and related disclosures made by management.
•   Conclude on the appropriateness of management's use of the going concern basis of accounting and,
    based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or
    conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Entity's ability to continue as a going concern. If we
    conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the
    related disclosures in the financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our
    opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report.
    However, future events or conditions may cause the Entity to cease to continue as a going concern.
•   Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the
    disclosures, and whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a
    manner that achieves fair presentation.
•   Communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope
    and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal
    control that we identify during our audit.
•   Provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
    requirements regarding independence, and communicate with them all relationships and other matters
    that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
•   Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial
    information of the entities or business units within the group as a basis for forming an opinion on the
    group financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work
    performed for the purposes of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.



                                                                                                                 4
•   Determine, from the matters communicated with those charged with governance, those matters that were
    of most significance in the audit of the financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key
    audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public
    disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should
    not be communicated in our auditor’s report because the adverse consequences of doing so would
    reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.




The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this auditor’s report is William J. Stephen.
Vaughan, Canada
February 20, 2025




                                                                                                               5
CCL Industries Inc.
Consolidated statements of financial position
 (In millions of Canadian dollars)
                                                                              As at December 31,       As at December 31,
                                                               Note                        2024                     2023
 Assets
 Current assets
   Cash and cash equivalents                                     6        $                828.7   $                774.2
   Trade and other receivables                                   7                       1,251.4                  1,089.3
   Inventories                                                   8                         819.9                    732.3
   Prepaid expenses                                                                         62.1                     50.6
   Assets held for sale                                         10                          23.5                        -
   Income taxes recoverable                                                                 51.8                     38.8
   Derivative instruments                                                                    0.1                      0.1
 Total current assets                                                                    3,037.5                  2,685.3
 Non-current assets
    Property, plant and equipment                               10                       2,698.1                  2,466.4
    Right-of-use assets                                         11                         215.4                    213.7
    Goodwill                                                   12,13                     2,554.1                  2,293.6
    Intangible assets                                          12,13                     1,109.7                  1,032.0
    Deferred tax assets                                         15                          94.7                    105.0
    Equity-accounted investments                                 9                          60.9                     85.0
    Other assets                                                                            31.7                     25.2
    Derivative instruments                                      24                          57.0                     18.0
 Total non-current assets                                                                6,821.6                  6,238.9
 Total assets                                                             $              9,859.1   $              8,924.2
 Liabilities
 Current liabilities
   Trade and other payables                                     14        $              1,416.9   $              1,329.5
   Current portion of long-term debt                            18                           4.2                      6.9
   Lease liabilities                                                                        47.2                     45.0
   Income taxes payable                                                                     42.2                     35.5
 Total current liabilities                                                               1,510.5                  1,416.9
 Non-current liabilities
   Long-term debt                                               18                       2,232.5                  2,067.8
   Lease liabilities                                                                       163.7                    162.7
   Deferred tax liabilities                                     15                         347.3                    346.2
   Employee benefits                                            20                         307.7                    282.5
   Provisions and other long-term liabilities                                               16.7                     13.9
   Derivative instruments                                       24                             -                     11.0
 Total non-current liabilities                                                           3,067.9                  2,884.1
 Total liabilities                                                                       4,578.4                  4,301.0
 Equity
   Share capital                                                16                         607.8                    520.5
   Contributed surplus                                                                     101.1                    157.9
   Retained earnings                                                                     4,492.3                  4,056.2
   Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)                29                          79.5                  (111.4)
 Total equity attributable to shareholders of the
                                                                                         5,280.7                  4,623.2
 Company
   Acquisitions                                                 5
   Commitments and contingencies                                26
   Subsequent event                                             31
 Total liabilities and equity                                             $              9,859.1   $              8,924.2

On behalf of the Board:
______________________                          _______________________
Donald G. Lang                                   Geoffrey T. Martin
Director                                         Director
                                                                                                                            2
See accompanying explanatory notes to the consolidated financial statements.
CCL Industries Inc.
Consolidated income statements

 (In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)

 Years ended December 31

                                                                   Note          2024          2023

 Sales                                                                     $   7,245.0   $   6,649.6
 Cost of sales                                                                 5,107.3       4,735.2
 Gross profit                                                                  2,137.7       1,914.4
 Selling, general and administrative expenses                                  1,073.0        985.6
 Restructuring and other items                                      30             5.5         42.8
 Revaluation gain                                                   5           (78.1)            -
 Goodwill impairment loss                                           13              -          95.0
 Earnings in equity-accounted investments                                       (18.9)        (17.9)
                                                                               1,156.2        808.9
 Finance cost                                                       19           89.8          94.2
 Finance income                                                     19          (23.5)        (23.6)
 Interest on lease liabilities                                     11,19           8.7           7.4
 Net finance cost                                                                75.0          78.0
 Earnings before income tax                                                    1,081.2        730.9
 Income tax expense                                                 22          238.1         200.7
 Net earnings                                                              $    843.1    $    530.2


 Earnings per share

 Basic earnings per Class B share                                   17     $     4.73    $     2.99
 Diluted earnings per Class B share                                 17     $     4.70    $     2.95




See accompanying explanatory notes to the consolidated financial statement.                            3
CCL Industries Inc.
Consolidated statements of comprehensive income

 (In millions of Canadian dollars)

 Years ended December 31


                                                                               2024        2023

 Net earnings                                                          $       843.1   $   530.2


 Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax:

 Items that may subsequently be reclassified to income:

     Foreign currency translation adjustment for foreign
     operations, net of tax expense of $4.0 for the year ended
     December 31, 2024 (2023 – tax expense of $4.5)                            260.1       (22.7)

     Net losses on hedges of net investment in foreign operations,
     net of tax recovery of $10.2 for the year ended December 31,
     2024 (2023 – tax recovery of $3.6)                                     (69.2)         (23.4)
     Effective portion of changes in fair value of cash flow hedges,
     net of tax expense of $0.1 for the year ended December 31,
     2024 (2023 – tax recovery of $0.1)                                          0.2        (0.3)

 Net change in fair value of cash flow hedges transferred to the
 income statement, net of tax expense of $0.1 for the year ended
 December 31, 2024 (2023 – tax recovery of $0.1)                               (0.2)         0.4

 Actuarial losses on defined benefit post-employment plans, net
 of tax recovery of $2.9 for the year ended December 31, 2024
 (2023 – tax recovery of $3.9)                                                 (6.9)       (11.2)
 Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax                                 184.0       (57.2)


 Total comprehensive income                                            $   1,027.1     $   473.0




See accompanying explanatory notes to the consolidated financial statements.                        4
CCL Industries Inc.
Consolidated statements of changes in equity

 (In millions of Canadian dollars)


                                                                                                                                    Accumulated
                                                        Class A         Class B          Total                                             Other         Total Equity
                                                         Shares          Shares         Share        Contributed       Retained   Comprehensive        Attributable to
                                                       (note 16)       (note 16)       Capital          Surplus        Earnings      Gain (Loss)       Shareholders

 Balance, January 1, 2023                          $        4.5    $      463.9    $    468.4    $        132.0    $    3,730.2   $       (65.4)   $         4,265.2

 Net earnings                                                  -               -             -                 -         530.2                 -               530.2

 Dividends declared

    Class A                                                    -               -             -                 -         (12.4)                -               (12.4)

    Class B                                                    -               -             -                 -        (175.8)                -              (175.8)

 Defined benefit plan actuarial loss, net of tax               -               -             -                 -         (11.2)                -               (11.2)

 Stock-based compensation plan                                 -           17.9          17.9              31.6               -                -                 49.5

 Stock options exercised                                       -           34.5          34.5              (5.9)              -                -                 28.6

 Income tax effect related to stock options                    -               -             -               0.2              -                -                  0.2

 Repurchase of shares (note 16)                                -           (0.3)         (0.3)                 -          (4.8)                -                (5.1)

 Other comprehensive loss                                      -               -             -                 -              -           (46.0)               (46.0)

 Balance, December 31, 2023                        $        4.5    $      516.0    $    520.5    $        157.9    $    4,056.2   $      (111.4)   $         4,623.2

 Net earnings                                                  -               -             -                 -         843.1                 -               843.1

 Dividends declared

    Class A                                                    -               -             -                 -         (13.5)                -               (13.5)

    Class B                                                    -               -             -                 -        (192.9)                -              (192.9)

 Defined benefit plan actuarial loss, net of tax               -               -             -                 -          (6.9)                -                (6.9)

 Stock-based compensation plan                                 -           89.2          89.2             (55.5)              -                -                 33.7

 Stock options exercised                                       -            7.6           7.6              (1.3)              -                -                  6.3

 Repurchase of shares (note 16)                                -           (9.5)         (9.5)                 -        (193.7)                -              (203.2)

 Other comprehensive gain                                      -               -             -                 -              -           190.9                190.9

 Balance, December 31, 2024                        $        4.5    $      603.3    $    607.8    $        101.1    $    4,492.3   $         79.5   $         5,280.7




See accompanying explanatory notes to the consolidated financial statement.                                                                                              5
CCL Industries Inc.
Consolidated statements of cash flow
(in thousands of Canadian dollars, except share and per share information)
 (In millions of Canadian dollars)
 Years ended December 31
                                                                               2024            2023
 Cash provided by (used for)
 Operating activities
 Net earnings                                                          $      843.1     $    530.2
 Adjustments for:
   Property, plant and equipment depreciation                                 305.5          283.8
   Right-of-use assets depreciation                                             53.8           50.7
   Intangible amortization                                                      73.1           68.8
   Earnings in equity-accounted investments,
                                                                              (18.9)         (10.5)
    net of dividends received
   Net finance cost                                                             75.0           78.0
   Current income tax expense                                                 249.9          220.8
   Deferred income tax recovery                                               (11.8)         (20.1)
   Equity-settled share-based payment transactions                              33.7           49.7
   Goodwill impairment loss                                                         -          95.0
   Revaluation gain                                                           (78.1)               -
   Gain on sale of property, plant and equipment                                (3.0)          (9.0)
                                                                             1,522.3        1,337.4
   Change in inventories                                                       (77.5)          77.4
   Change in trade and other receivables                                     (142.0)           39.2
   Change in prepaid expenses                                                 (10.8)           (0.4)
   Change in trade and other payables                                           70.7        (120.7)
   Change in income taxes recoverable and payable                               (8.9)          (0.8)
   Change in employee benefits                                                  15.3            5.6
   Change in other assets and liabilities                                        9.7         (26.6)
                                                                             1,378.8        1,311.1
 Net interest paid                                                             (57.4)         (61.4)
 Income taxes paid                                                           (257.5)        (246.4)
 Cash provided by operating activities                                       1,063.9        1,003.3
 Financing activities
   Proceeds on issuance of long-term debt                                     236.8          330.9
   Repayment of long-term debt                                               (210.0)        (414.6)
   Repayment of lease liabilities                                             (50.4)         (46.8)
   Proceeds from issuance of shares                                              6.3           28.6
   Repurchase of shares (note 16)                                            (200.6)           (5.1)
   Dividends paid                                                            (206.4)        (188.2)
 Cash used for financing activities                                          (424.3)        (295.2)
 Investing activities
   Additions to property, plant and equipment                                (462.0)        (461.6)
   Proceeds on disposal of property, plant and equipment                         4.6           17.9
   Business acquisitions (note 5)                                            (142.9)        (324.3)
 Cash used for investing activities                                          (600.3)        (768.0)
   Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                        39.3          (59.9)
   Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                             774.2          839.5
   Translation adjustments on cash and cash equivalents                         15.2           (5.4)
 Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                              $      828.7     $    774.2



See accompanying explanatory notes to the consolidated financial statement.                            6
CCL Industries Inc.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements
(in thousands of Canadian dollars, except share and per share information)
Years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023
(In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)

1. Reporting entity

    CCL Industries Inc. (the “Company”) is a public company, listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange, and is
    incorporated and domiciled in Canada. These consolidated financial statements of the Company as at and for
    the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, comprise the results of the Company, its subsidiaries and its
    interest in joint ventures and associates. The Company has manufacturing facilities around the world and is
    primarily involved in the manufacture of labels, consumer printable media products, technology-driven label
    solutions, polymer banknote substrates and specialty films.

2. Basis of preparation

(a) Statement of compliance

    These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards
    as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board.

    These consolidated financial statements were authorized for issue by the Company’s Board of Directors on
    February 20, 2025.

(b) Basis of measurement

    These consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for the following
    items in the consolidated statements of financial position:
    •   Derivative financial instruments are measured at fair value;
    •   Financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss are measured at fair value; and
    •   Assets related to the defined benefit plans are measured at fair value and liabilities related to the defined
        benefit plans are calculated by qualified actuaries using the projected unit credit method.

(c) Presentation currency

    These consolidated financial statements are presented in Canadian dollars, which is the Company’s
    presentation currency. All financial information, except per share information, is presented in millions of
    Canadian dollars, unless otherwise noted.

(d) Use of estimates and judgements

     The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and
     assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and the reported amounts of sales and expenses
     during the year and the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and
     liabilities at the date of the financial statements. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

     Estimates and assumptions are used mainly in determining the measurement of recognized transactions and
     balances.

     In the process of applying the Company’s accounting policies, management makes various judgements, apart
     from those involving estimations, that can significantly affect the amounts it recognizes in the financial
     statements.



                                                                                                                 7
CCL Industries Inc.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

(In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)

2. Basis of preparation (continued)

(d) Use of estimates and judgements (continued)

     Judgements, estimates and assumptions are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and
     other factors including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the
     circumstances.

     The Company has applied judgement in its assessment of the classification of financial instruments, the
     recognition and derecognition of tax losses and provisions, the determination of cash-generating units
     (“CGUs”), the identification of the indicators of impairment for property, plant and equipment, intangible assets
     and right-of-use assets, the level of componentization of property, plant and equipment and the allocation of
     purchase price adjustments on business combinations.

     Estimates are used when determining the amounts recorded for depreciation and amortization of property, plant
     and equipment, intangible assets, right-of-use assets, outstanding self-insurance claims, pension and other
     post-employment benefits, income and other taxes, provisions, lease liabilities, certain fair value measures,
     including those related to the valuation of business combinations, share-based payments and financial
     instruments and in the valuation of goodwill and intangible assets.

3. Material accounting policies

    The accounting policies set out below have been applied consistently to all comparative information presented
    in these consolidated financial statements.

(a) Basis of consolidation

    (i) Business combinations

    The Company measures goodwill as the fair value of the consideration transferred including the recognized
    amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquiree, less the net recognized amount (generally fair value) of
    the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed, all measured as of the acquisition date. When the excess
    is negative, a bargain purchase gain is recognized immediately in profit or loss. The Company elects to measure,
    on a transaction-by-transaction basis, non-controlling interest either at its fair value or at its proportionate share
    of the recognized amount of the identifiable net assets at the acquisition date. Transaction costs, other than
    those associated with the issue of debt or equity securities, that the Company incurs in connection with a
    business combination are expensed as incurred.

    (ii) Subsidiaries

    Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Company. Control exists when the Company is exposed to, or has
    rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through
    its power over the entity. The financial statements of subsidiaries are included in the consolidated financial
    statements from the date that control commences until the date that control ceases. The accounting policies of
    subsidiaries have been changed, when necessary, to align them with the policies adopted by the Company.




                                                                                                                      8
CCL Industries Inc.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

(In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)

3. Material accounting policies (continued)

(a) Basis of consolidation (continued)

    (iii) Associates and joint arrangements

    The Company’s interests in equity-accounted investees comprise interests in associates and joint ventures.

    Associates are those entities in which the Company has significant influence, but not control or joint control, over
    the financial and operating policies. Significant influence is presumed to exist when the Company holds between
    20% and 50% of the voting power of another entity.

    The Company classifies its interests in joint arrangements as either joint operations (if the Company has rights
    to the assets and has obligations for the liabilities relating to an arrangement) or joint ventures (if the Company
    has the rights only to the net assets of an arrangement). When making this assessment, the Company considers
    the structure of the arrangements, the legal form of any separate vehicles, the contractual terms of the
    arrangements and other facts and circumstances.

    Investments in associates and joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method and are recognized
    initially at cost. The Company’s investments include goodwill identified on acquisition, net of any accumulated
    impairment losses. The consolidated financial statements include the Company’s share of the income and
    expenses and equity movements of equity-accounted investees, after adjustments to align the accounting
    policies with those of the Company, from the date that significant influence commences until the date that it
    ceases. When the Company’s share of losses exceeds its interest in an equity-accounted investee, the carrying
    amount of that interest (including any long-term investments) is reduced to nil and the recognition of further
    losses is discontinued, except to the extent that the Company has an obligation or has made payments on behalf
    of the investee.

    (iv) Transactions eliminated on consolidation

    Inter-company balances and transactions, and any unrealized income and expenses arising from inter-company
    transactions, are eliminated in preparing the consolidated financial statements. Unrealized gains arising from
    transactions with equity-accounted investees are eliminated against the investment to the extent of the
    Company’s interest in the investee. Unrealized losses are eliminated in the same way as unrealized gains, but
    only to the extent that there is no evidence of impairment.

(b) Foreign currency

    (i)   Foreign currency transactions

    Transactions in foreign currencies are translated to the respective functional currencies of the Company’s
    entities using exchange rates at the dates of the transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in
    foreign currencies at the reporting date are translated to the functional currency using the exchange rate at that
    date. The foreign currency gain or loss on monetary items is the difference between amortized cost in the
    functional currency at the beginning of the period, adjusted for effective interest and payments during the period,
    and the amortized cost in the foreign currency translated at the exchange rate at the end of the period. Non-
    monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies that are measured at fair value are translated
    to the functional currency at the exchange rate at the date that the fair value was determined. Foreign currency
    differences arising on translation are recognized in the consolidated income statement, except for differences
    arising on the translation of a financial liability designated as a hedge of the net investment in a foreign operation


                                                                                                                     9
CCL Industries Inc.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

(In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)

3. Material accounting policies (continued)

(b) Foreign currency (continued)

    (i)    Foreign currency transactions (continued)

    or qualifying cash flow hedges, which are recognized directly in other comprehensive income (see note 3(b)(iii)).
    Foreign currency-denominated non-monetary items, measured at historical cost, have been translated at the
    rate of exchange at the transaction date.

    The financial statements of each of the Company’s subsidiaries are measured using the currency of the primary
    economic environment in which the entity operates.

    The assets and liabilities of foreign operations, including goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on
    acquisition, are translated into Canadian dollars using exchange rates at the reporting date. The income and
    expenses of foreign operations are translated into Canadian dollars using the average exchange rates for the
    period.

    (ii)   Foreign operations

    Foreign currency differences are recognized directly in other comprehensive income (loss) and presented within
    the foreign currency translation adjustment.

    When a foreign operation is disposed of, the amount in other comprehensive income (loss) related to the foreign
    operation is fully transferred to the consolidated income statement. A disposal occurs when the entire interest in
    the foreign operation is disposed of or, in the case of a partial disposal, when the partial disposal results in the
    loss of control of a subsidiary or the loss of significant influence. For any partial disposal of the Company’s
    interest in a subsidiary that includes a foreign operation, the Company re-attributes the proportionate share of
    the relevant amounts in other comprehensive income to non-controlling interests. For any other partial disposal
    of a foreign operation, the Company reclassifies to the consolidated income statement only the proportionate
    share of the relevant amount in other comprehensive income.

    Foreign exchange gains and losses arising from a monetary item receivable from, or payable to, a foreign
    operation, the settlement of which is neither planned nor likely in the foreseeable future, are considered to form
    part of a net investment in a foreign operation and are recognized directly in other comprehensive income and
    presented within the foreign currency translation adjustment.

    (iii) Hedge of net investment in a foreign operation

    The Company applies hedge accounting to the foreign currency exposure arising between the functional
    currency of the foreign operation and the parent entity’s functional currency, regardless of whether the net
    investment is held directly or through an intermediate parent.

    Foreign currency differences arising on the translation of a financial liability designated as a hedge of a net
    investment in a foreign operation are recognized directly in other comprehensive income to the extent that the
    hedge is effective. To the extent that the hedge is ineffective, such differences are recognized in the consolidated
    income statement. When the hedged part of a net investment is disposed of or partially disposed of, the
    associated cumulative amount in equity is transferred to the consolidated income statement as an adjustment
    to the consolidated income statement on disposal, in accordance with the policy described in note 3(b)(ii).


                                                                                                                  10
CCL Industries Inc.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

(In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)

3. Material accounting policies (continued)

(c) Financial instruments

    (i)   Financial assets and liabilities

    The Company recognizes financial assets and financial liabilities initially at fair value and subsequently
    measures them at either fair value or amortized cost based on the following classifications:

    Amortized cost:
    The Company classifies financial assets held to collect contractual cash flows at amortized cost, including cash
    and cash equivalents and trade and other receivables. The Company initially recognizes the carrying amount of
    such assets on the consolidated statement of financial position at fair value plus directly attributable transaction
    costs, and subsequently measures them at amortized cost using the effective interest method, less any
    impairment losses.

    Fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”):
    Financial assets purchased and financial liabilities incurred, with the intention of generating earnings in the near
    term, are classified as FVTPL. This category includes derivative assets and derivative liabilities that do not
    qualify for hedge accounting, if any. For items classified as FVTPL, the Company initially recognizes such
    financial assets on the consolidated statement of financial position at fair value and recognizes subsequent
    changes in the consolidated income statement. Transaction costs incurred are expensed in the consolidated
    income statements. The Company does not currently hold any assets and liabilities designated as FVTPL.

    Fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”):
    This category includes the Company’s investments in securities. Subsequent to initial recognition, they are
    measured at fair value on the consolidated statement of financial position and changes therein are recognized
    in other comprehensive income. When an investment is derecognized, the accumulated gain or loss in other
    comprehensive income is not transferred to the consolidated income statement.

    Other financial liabilities:
    This category is for financial liabilities that are not classified as FVTPL or FVTOCI and includes trade and other
    payables and long-term debt. These financial liabilities are recorded at amortized cost on the consolidated
    statement of financial position.

    Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount presented in the statement of financial position
    when, and only when, the Company has a legal right to offset the amounts and intends either to settle on a net
    basis or to realize the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.




                                                                                                                  11
CCL Industries Inc.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

(In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)

3. Material accounting policies (continued)

(c) Financial instruments (continued)

    (ii) Derivative financial instruments, including hedge accounting

    The Company uses derivative financial instruments to manage its foreign currency and interest-rate-risk
    exposure and its price-risk exposure related to the purchase of raw materials. Embedded derivatives are
    separated from the host contract and accounted for separately. If the economic characteristics and risks of the
    host contract and the embedded derivative are not closely related, a separate instrument with the same terms
    as the embedded derivative would meet the definition of a derivative, and the combined instrument is not
    measured at fair value through the consolidated income statement. Changes in the fair value of separable
    embedded derivatives are recognized immediately in the consolidated income statement.

    On initial designation of the hedge, the Company formally documents the relationship between the hedging
    instrument(s) and hedged item(s), including the risk management objectives and strategy in undertaking the
    hedge transaction, together with the methods that will be used to assess the effectiveness of the hedging
    relationship. The Company makes periodic assessments of prospective hedge effectiveness.

    The fair value of forward exchange contracts is based on their listed market prices, if available. If a listed market
    price is not available, then fair value is estimated by discounting the difference between the contractual forward
    price and the current forward price for the residual maturity of the contract using a risk-free interest rate (based
    on government bonds).

    The fair value of interest rate swaps is based on broker quotes. Those quotes are tested for reasonableness by
    discounting estimated future cash flows based on the terms and maturity of each contract and using market
    interest rates for a similar instrument at the measurement date.

    Fair values reflect the credit risk of the instrument and include adjustments to take into account the credit risk of
    the group entity and counterparty when appropriate.

    Cash flow hedges

    When a derivative is designated as the hedging instrument in a hedge of the variability in cash flows attributable
    to a particular risk associated with a recognized asset or liability or a highly probable forecast transaction that
    could affect profit or loss, the effective portion of changes in the fair value of the derivative is recognized in other
    comprehensive income and presented in the hedging reserve in equity. The amount recognized in other
    comprehensive income is removed and included in profit or loss in the same period that the hedged cash flows
    affect profit or loss, under the same line item in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income as the
    hedged item. Any ineffective portion of changes in the fair value of the derivative is recognized immediately in
    the consolidated income statement.




                                                                                                                      12
CCL Industries Inc.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

(In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)

3. Material accounting policies (continued)

(c) Financial instruments (continued)

    (ii) Derivative financial instruments, including hedge accounting (continued)

    If the hedging instrument no longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting, or it expires or is sold, terminated,
    exercised, or the designation is revoked, then hedge accounting is discontinued prospectively. The cumulative
    gain or loss previously recognized in other comprehensive income and presented in unrealized gains or losses
    on cash flow hedges in equity remains there until the forecast transaction affects profit or loss. When the hedged
    item is a non-financial asset, the amount recognized in other comprehensive income is transferred to the carrying
    amount of the asset when the asset is recognized. If the forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur,
    then the balance in other comprehensive income is recognized immediately in profit or loss. In other cases, the
    amount recognized in other comprehensive income is transferred to the consolidated income statement in the
    same period that the hedged item affects profit or loss.

    Fair value hedges

    Fair value hedges are hedges of the fair value of recognized assets, liabilities or unrecognized firm commitments.
    Changes in the fair value of derivatives that are designated as fair value hedges are recorded in the consolidated
    income statement, together with any changes in the fair value of the hedged item that are attributable to the
    hedged risk.

(d) Property, plant and equipment

    (i) Recognition and measurement

    Items of property, plant and equipment are measured at cost, less accumulated depreciation and accumulated
    impairment losses.

    Cost includes expenditures that are directly attributable to the acquisition of the asset. The cost of self-
    constructed assets includes the cost of materials and direct labour, any other costs directly attributable to
    bringing the assets to a working condition for their intended uses, and the costs of dismantling and removing the
    items and restoring the site on which they are located. Purchased software that is integral to the functionality of
    the related equipment is capitalized as part of that equipment.

    The fair value of property, plant and equipment recognized as a result of a business combination is based on
    the amount for which a property could be exchanged on the date of valuation between knowledgeable, willing
    parties in an arm’s length transaction.

    Borrowing costs related to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets are capitalized as part
    of the cost of the assets.

    When parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, they are accounted for as
    separate items (major components) of property, plant and equipment.




                                                                                                                 13
CCL Industries Inc.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

(In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)

3. Material accounting policies (continued)

(d) Property, plant and equipment (continued)

    (i)        Recognition and measurement (continued)

    Gains and losses on disposal of an item of property, plant and equipment are determined by comparing the
    proceeds from disposal with the carrying amount of property, plant and equipment and are recognized within
    selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated income statement.

    The cost of replacing a part of an item of property, plant and equipment is recognized in the carrying amount of
    the item if it is probable that the future economic benefits embodied within the part will flow to the Company and
    its cost can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of the replaced part is derecognized. The costs of the
    day-to-day servicing of property, plant and equipment are recognized in profit or loss as incurred.

    (ii)       Depreciation

    Depreciation is calculated based on the cost of the asset, or other amount substituted for cost, less its residual
    value.

    Depreciation is recognized in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of each part of
    an item of property, plant and equipment, since this most closely reflects the expected pattern of consumption
    of the future economic benefits embodied in the asset.

    The estimated useful lives for the current and comparative periods are as follows:

           •      Buildings                 Up to 40 years
           •      Machinery and equipment   Up to 20 years
           •       •
                  Fixtures and fittings     Up to 10 years
           •       •
                  Minor  components         Up to 5 years
                                            U
    Depreciation methods, useful lives and residual values are reviewed at each reporting date and adjusted if
    appropriate.

(e) Intangible assets

    (i)        Goodwill

    Goodwill arises on the acquisition of subsidiaries and is tested for impairment annually or more frequently if
    events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. For measurement of goodwill
    at initial recognition, see note 3(a)(i).

    Subsequent measurement

    Goodwill is measured at cost, less accumulated impairment losses. In respect of equity-accounted investments,
    the carrying amount of goodwill is included in the carrying amount of the investment.




                                                                                                                   14
CCL Industries Inc.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

(In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)

3. Material accounting policies (continued)

(e) Intangible assets (continued)

    (ii)   Other intangible assets

    Indefinite-life intangibles, such as brands, are tested for impairment annually or more frequently if events or
    circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.

    Intangible assets consist of patents, trademarks, brands, software and the value of acquired customer
    relationships. Impairment losses for intangible assets where the carrying value is not recoverable are measured
    based on fair value. Fair value is calculated by using discounted cash flows.

    The fair values of customer relationships acquired in a business combination are determined using the multi-
    period excess earnings method, whereby the subject asset is valued after deducting a fair return on all other
    assets that are part of creating the related cash flows.

    The fair values of brands acquired in a business combination are determined using the multi-period excess
    earnings method or the relief of royalty method, whereby the value of the brand is equal to the royalty savings
    from having ownership as opposed to licensing the brand.

    Amortization is recognized in the consolidated income statement on a straight-line basis over the estimated
    useful lives of intangible assets, other than indefinite-life intangible assets, such as brands and goodwill, from
    the date that they are available for use. The estimated useful lives for the current and comparative years are as
    follows:

           •   Patents, trademarks and other                 Up to 15 years
           •   Customer relationships                        Up to 20 years
           •   Brands and goodwill                           Indefinite life

(f) Leases

    The Company recognizes right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for all leases with a term of more than 12
    months, unless the underlying asset is of low value. The right-of-use asset is measured based on the initial value
    of the lease liability adjusted for lease payments made at or before the commencement of the lease, initial direct
    costs and estimated dismantling and restoring costs. The right-of-use asset is depreciated over the shorter of
    the lease term and the asset’s useful life, unless it is reasonably certain the Company will obtain ownership by
    the end of the lease term, in which case the asset is depreciated over its useful life.

    The lease liability is measured at the present value of all future lease payments discounted at the lessee’s
    incremental borrowing rate. Lease liabilities are measured at amortized cost using the effective interest rate
    method whereby interest is recognized in profit or loss over the lease term.

    The Company has adopted practical expedients related to short-term leases and leases of low-value assets
    whereby lease obligations associated with these leases are recognized as an expense in the consolidated
    income statement when incurred.




                                                                                                                 15
CCL Industries Inc.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

(In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)

3. Material accounting policies (continued)

(g) Inventories

    Inventories are measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value. The cost of inventories is based on the
    first-in, first-out principle and includes expenditures incurred in acquiring the inventories, production or
    conversion costs, and other costs incurred in bringing them to their existing locations and conditions. In the case
    of manufactured inventories and work in progress, cost includes an appropriate share of production overheads
    based on normal operating capacity.

    Net realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less the estimated costs of
    completion and selling.

    The fair value of inventories acquired in a business combination is determined based on the estimated selling
    price in the ordinary course of business, less the estimated costs of completion and sale, and a reasonable profit
    margin based on the effort required to complete and sell the inventories.

    Estimates regarding obsolete and slow-moving inventory are also computed.

(h) Impairment

     (i) Financial assets, including receivables

     A financial asset not carried at FVTPL is assessed at each reporting date to determine whether there is any
     objective evidence that it is impaired. A financial asset is considered impaired if objective evidence indicates
     an expected credit loss (“ECL”). Loss allowances are measured based on lifetime ECLs where losses are
     recognized from all possible default events over the expected life of a financial instrument.

     The Company considers evidence of impairment for financial assets measured at amortized cost at both a
     specific asset and a collective level. All individually significant financial assets measured at amortized cost are
     assessed for specific impairment. All individually significant financial assets measured at amortized cost that
     are found not to be specifically impaired are then collectively assessed for any impairment that has been
     incurred but not yet identified.

     In assessing collective impairment, the Company uses historical trends of the probability of default, timing of
     recoveries and the amount of expected loss, adjusted for management’s judgement as to whether current and
     expected future economic and credit conditions are such that the expected losses are likely to be greater than
     or less than those suggested by historical trends.

     An impairment loss in respect of a financial asset measured at amortized cost is calculated as the difference
     between its carrying amount and the present value of the estimated future cash flows discounted at the original
     effective interest rate and reflected in an allowance account against trade receivables. Losses are recognized
     in the consolidated income statement. When a subsequent event causes the amount of impairment loss to
     decrease, the decrease in impairment loss is reversed through profit or loss.




                                                                                                                  16
CCL Industries Inc.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

(In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)

3. Material accounting policies (continued)

(h) Impairment (continued)

     (ii) Non-financial assets

     The carrying amounts of non-financial assets, other than inventories and deferred tax assets, are reviewed at
     each reporting date to determine whether there is any indication of impairment. If any such indication exists,
     the impairment would be recognized in the consolidated income statement.

     Impairments are recorded when the expected recoverable amount of assets is less than their carrying amount.
     The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s or a cash-generating unit’s fair value, less the cost to sell
     and its value in use. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present
     value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and
     the risks specific to the asset. For the purpose of impairment testing, assets that cannot be tested individually
     are grouped together into the smallest group of assets that generates cash inflows from continuing use that are
     largely independent of the cash inflows of other assets or groups of assets. For the purposes of goodwill
     impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is allocated to the CGU, or the group of CGUs,
     that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination. This allocation is subject to an operating
     segment ceiling test and reflects the lowest level at which that goodwill is monitored for internal reporting
     purposes. An impairment loss is recognized if the carrying amount of an asset or its CGU exceeds its estimated
     recoverable amount. Impairment losses are recognized in profit or loss. Impairment losses, other than those
     relating to goodwill, are evaluated for potential reversals when events or changes in circumstances warrant
     such consideration.

     The carrying values of finite-life intangible assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in
     circumstances indicate that their carrying amounts may not be recoverable. Additionally, the carrying values of
     goodwill and indefinite-life intangibles are tested annually for impairment.

     An impairment loss in respect of goodwill is not reversed. In respect of other assets, impairment losses
     recognized in prior years are assessed at each reporting date for any indication that the losses have decreased
     or no longer exist. An impairment loss is reversed if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine
     the recoverable amount. An impairment loss is reversed only to the extent that the asset's carrying amount
     does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation or amortization, if
     no impairment loss had been recognized.

     Goodwill that forms part of the carrying amount of an equity-accounted investment is not recognized separately
     and therefore is not tested for impairment separately. Instead, the entire amount of the equity-accounted
     investment is tested for impairment as a single asset when there is objective evidence that the equity-accounted
     investment may be impaired.

(i) Employee benefits

     (i) Defined contribution plans

     A defined contribution plan is a post-employment benefit plan under which an entity pays fixed contributions
     into a separate entity and will have no legal or constructive obligation to pay further amounts. Obligations for
     contributions to defined contribution pension plans are recognized as an employee benefit expense in the
     consolidated income statement in the period that the service is rendered by the employee.


                                                                                                                17
CCL Industries Inc.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

(In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)

3. Material accounting policies (continued)

(i) Employee benefits (continued)

     (ii) Defined benefit plans

     A defined benefit plan is a post-employment benefit plan other than a defined contribution plan. The Company’s
     net obligation in respect of defined benefit post-employment plans is calculated separately for each plan by
     estimating the amount of future benefit that employees have earned in return for their service in the current and
     prior periods; that benefit is discounted to determine its present value using a discount rate comparable to high-
     quality corporate bonds. Any unrecognized past service costs and the fair value of any plan assets are
     deducted. The calculation is performed annually by a qualified actuary using the projected unit credit method.
     When the calculation results in a benefit to the Company, the recognized asset is limited to the total of any
     unrecognized past service costs and the present value of economic benefits available in the form of any future
     refunds from the plan or reductions in future contributions to the plan. An economic benefit is available to the
     Company if it is realizable during the life of the plan or on settlement of the plan liabilities.

     When the benefits of a plan are improved, the portion of the increased benefit relating to past service by
     employees is recognized in the consolidated income statement on a straight-line basis over the average period
     until the benefits become vested. To the extent that the benefits vest immediately, the expense is recognized
     immediately in the consolidated income statement.

     The Company recognizes all actuarial gains and losses arising from defined benefit plans directly in other
     comprehensive income immediately and reports them in retained earnings.

     The Company determines the net interest expense on the net defined benefit liability for the period by applying
     the discount rate used to measure the defined benefit obligation at the beginning of the annual period to the
     then net defined benefit liability, taking into account any changes in the net defined benefit liability during the
     period as a result of the contributions and benefit balances. Net interest expense and other expenses related
     to the defined benefit plans are recognized in profit or loss.

     (iii) Termination benefits

     Termination benefits are recognized as an expense when the Company is demonstrably committed, without
     realistic possibility of withdrawal, to a formal detailed plan to either terminate employment before the normal
     retirement date or provide termination benefits as a result of an offer made to encourage voluntary redundancy.
     Termination benefits for voluntary redundancies are recognized as an expense if the Company has made an
     offer of voluntary redundancy, it is probable that the offer will be accepted and the number of acceptances can
     be estimated reliably. If benefits are payable more than 12 months after the reporting period, then they are
     discounted to their present value.

     (iv) Short-term benefits

     Short-term employee benefit obligations are measured on an undiscounted basis and are recognized as the
     related service is provided.




                                                                                                                   18
CCL Industries Inc.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

(In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)

3. Material accounting policies (continued)

(i) Employee benefits (continued)

     (v) Share-based payment transactions

     For equity-settled share-based plans, the grant-date fair value of options granted to employees is recognized
     as an employee expense, with a corresponding increase in equity, over the period that the employees become
     unconditionally entitled to the options. The amount recognized as an expense is adjusted to reflect the actual
     number of share options for which the related service and non-market vesting conditions are expected to be
     met. The fair value of options is measured using the Black-Scholes model. Measurement inputs include the
     share price on the measurement date, the exercise price of the instrument, the expected volatility, the weighted-
     average expected life of the instrument, the expected dividends, and the risk-free interest rate. Service and
     non-market performance conditions attached to the awards are not taken into account in determining fair value.

     For equity-settled share-based deferred share unit, performance stock unit, long-term retention and other
     restricted share unit plans, the grant-date fair value of deferred share units is recognized as an employee
     expense, with a corresponding increase in equity. The grant-date fair value is not subsequently remeasured.

(j) Provisions

     A provision is recognized if, as a result of a past event, the Company has a present legal or constructive
     obligation that can be estimated reliably and it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required
     to settle the obligation. Provisions are determined by discounting the expected future cash flows at a pre-tax
     rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability.
     The unwinding of the discount is recognized as a finance cost.

(k) Revenue

     Revenue is measured based on the consideration specified in a contract with a customer. Revenue is
     recognized as performance obligations are satisfied and the Company transfers control of a product or service
     to a customer. For performance obligations satisfied at a point in time, revenue is recognized when the
     Company has a present right to payment, the buyer has legal title to the asset, physical possession of the asset
     has been transferred to the buyer, the buyer has the significant risks and rewards of ownership and the buyer
     has accepted the asset. Generally, the buyer obtains control at the time goods are shipped, the product is
     delivered or services are rendered. For performance obligations satisfied over time, revenue is recognized by
     measuring the progress toward complete satisfaction of that performance obligation. For customer contracts
     that contain multiple performance obligations, each element is treated separately for revenue recognition
     purposes. For these contracts, the total transaction price is allocated to each obligation based on its relative
     stand-alone selling price. Revenue is then recognized for each obligation when the relevant recognition criteria
     are met.

     Certain contracts with customers contain incentives, including the payment of discounts based on quantities
     purchased. These incentives represent variable consideration and are estimated and recognized as a reduction
     of related revenues.




                                                                                                                 19
CCL Industries Inc.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

(In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)

3. Material accounting policies (continued)

(l)   Finance income and costs

      Finance income comprises interest income on invested funds, changes in the fair value of financial assets at
      FVTPL, and gains on hedging instruments that are recognized in the consolidated income statement. Interest
      income is recognized in the consolidated income statement as it accrues, using the effective interest method.

      Finance costs comprise interest expense on borrowings, unwinding of the discount on provisions, changes in
      the fair value of financial assets at FVTPL, impairment losses recognized on financial assets, and losses on
      hedging instruments that are recognized in the consolidated income statement. All borrowing costs are
      recognized in the consolidated income statement using the effective interest method, except for those amounts
      capitalized as part of the cost of qualifying property, plant and equipment.

(m) Taxation

      Income tax expense comprises current and deferred tax. Income tax expense is recognized in the consolidated
      income statement except to the extent that it relates to items recognized either in other comprehensive income
      or directly in equity. In such cases, the tax is also recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in
      equity, respectively.

      (i) Current tax

      Current tax expense is based on the results for the period as adjusted for items that are not taxable or not
      deductible. Current tax is calculated using tax rates and laws that were enacted or substantively enacted at the
      end of the reporting period and includes any adjustments to taxes payable in respect of previous years.
      Management periodically evaluates positions taken in tax returns with respect to situations in which applicable
      tax regulation is subject to interpretation. Provisions are established where appropriate based on amounts
      expected to be paid to the tax authorities.

      (ii) Deferred tax

      Deferred tax is recognized, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising between the tax bases
      of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated statement of financial position. Deferred
      tax is calculated using tax rates and laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the end of the
      reporting period and which are expected to apply when the related deferred tax asset is realized or the deferred
      tax liability is settled.

      (iii) Deferred tax liabilities

      Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognized for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax liabilities are
      recognized for taxable temporary differences arising on investments in subsidiaries and associates, except
      where the reversal of the temporary difference can be controlled by the Company and it is probable that the
      temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.




                                                                                                                     20
CCL Industries Inc.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

(In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)

3.   Material accounting policies (continued)

(m) Taxation (continued)

     (iv) Deferred tax assets

     A deferred tax asset is recognized for unused tax losses, tax credits and deductible temporary differences to
     the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which they can be utilized.
     Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting date and are reduced to the extent that it is no longer
     probable that the related tax benefit will be realized.

     Deferred tax is not recognized for taxable temporary differences arising on the initial recognition of goodwill or
     in respect of temporary differences that arise on initial recognition of assets and liabilities acquired, other than
     in a business combination, and those that affect neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss.

(n) Share capital

     All shares are recorded as equity. When share capital is repurchased, the amount of the consideration paid,
     which includes directly attributable costs, net of any tax effect, is recognized as a deduction from equity.

(o) Earnings per share

     The Company presents basic and diluted earnings per share (“EPS”) data for its Class B shares. Basic EPS is
     calculated by dividing net earnings attributable to shareholders of the Company by the weighted average
     number of shares outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS is determined by adjusting net earnings
     attributable to shareholders and the weighted average number of shares outstanding for the effects of all
     potentially dilutive shares.

(p) Segment reporting

     A segment is a distinguishable component of the Company that is engaged either in providing related products
     and services (business segment) or in providing products and services within a particular economic
     environment (geographical segment) and that is subject to risks and returns that are different from those of
     other segments. Segment information is presented in respect of the Company’s business and geographical
     segments. The Company’s primary format for segment reporting is based on business segments. The business
     segments are determined based on the Company’s management and internal reporting structure.

     Segment results, assets and liabilities include items directly attributable to a segment as well as those that can
     be allocated on a reasonable basis. Unallocated items comprise mainly other investments and related revenue,
     loans and borrowings and related expenses, corporate assets (primarily the Company’s headquarters) and
     head office expenses. Segment capital expenditure is the total cost incurred during the period to acquire
     property, plant and equipment.




                                                                                                                   21
CCL Industries Inc.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

(In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)

3. Material accounting policies (continued)

(q) Government grants
     Government grants are recognized when there is reasonable assurance that they will be received and that the
     Company will comply with conditions attached to the grant. Government grants for compensation of expenses
     are deducted from the related expense on a systematic basis in the periods in which the original expenses are
     recognized in profit or loss. Government grants related to assets are deducted in arriving at the asset’s carrying
     value. The grant is recognized in profit or loss over the life of a depreciable asset as a reduced depreciation
     expense.


(r) Recently issued new accounting standards, not yet effective
     In April 2024, IFRS 18, Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements, was issued by the IASB
     introducing new requirements to help achieve comparability of the financial performance of similar entities. IFRS
     18 focuses on the income statement requiring new subtotals and the classification of income and expenses into
     operating, investing and financing categories as well as disclosure of management performance measures and
     guidance on grouping information in the financial statements. IFRS 18 will replace IAS 1, Presentation of
     Financial Statements, retaining many of the general requirements of IAS 1. The new standard is effective for
     reporting periods beginning on January 1, 2027, applied retrospectively. The Company is currently assessing
     the impact of IFRS 18 on its consolidated financial statements.


4.   Segment reporting

(a) Business segments
     The Company has four reportable segments, as described below, which are the Company’s main business
     units. The business units offer different products and services and are managed separately as they require
     different technology and marketing strategies. For each of the business units, the Company’s CEO, the chief
     operating decision maker, reviews internal management reports regularly.

     The Company’s reportable segments are the following:
     •   CCL is a converter of pressure sensitive and extruded film materials for a wide range of decorative,
         instructional, security and functional applications for government institutions and large global customers in
         the consumer packaging, healthcare, chemicals, consumer durables, electronic device and automotive
         markets. Extruded and labeled plastic tubes, aluminum aerosols and specialty bottles, folded instructional
         leaflets, specialty folded cartons, precision engineered and die cut components, electronic displays, polymer
         banknote substrate and other complementary products and services are sold in parallel to specific end-use
         markets.
     •   Avery is a supplier of labels, specialty converted media and software solutions to enable short-run digital
         printing in businesses and homes alongside complementary products sold through distributors and mass
         market retailers and pressure sensitive tapes in Brazil. The products are split into five primary lines: (1)
         Printable Media: including address labels, product identification labels and name badges/cards supported
         by customized software solutions where applicable; (2) Organization Products: including binders, indexes,
         sheet protectors and writing instruments; (3) Direct-to-Consumer: digitally imaged labels, name and event
         badges, radio frequency identification (“RFID”) enabled key cards and wristbands, planners and kids-
         oriented identification labels supported by unique web-enabled e-commerce URLs; (4) Pressure Sensitive
         Tapes; and (5) Horticultural labels and tags.



                                                                                                                 22
CCL Industries Inc.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

(In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)

4. Segment reporting (continued)

(a) Business segments (continued)

     •     Checkpoint is a manufacturer of technology-driven loss-prevention, inventory-management and labeling
           solutions, including radio frequency and RFID solutions, to the broad retail and apparel industries globally.
           The Segment has three primary product lines: Merchandise Availability Solutions (“MAS”), Apparel Labeling
           Solutions (“ALS”) and “Meto”. The MAS line focuses on electronic-article-surveillance (“EAS”) systems;
           hardware, software, labels and tags for loss prevention and inventory control systems including RFID
           solutions. ALS products are apparel labels and tags, some of which are RFID capable. Meto supplies hand-
           held pricing tools and labels and promotional in-store displays.
     •     Innovia supplies specialty, high-performance, multi-layer, surface-engineered films from facilities in
           Australia, Germany, Mexico, Poland and the United Kingdom to customers in the pressure sensitive
           materials, flexible packaging and consumer packaged goods industries worldwide. Additionally a small
           percentage of the total volume is sold internally to the CCL Segment and more so to CCL Secure. Two
           smaller facilities, in Germany and U.S., produce almost their entire output for CCL Label.


                                                                    Sales                               Operating Income
                                                      2024           2023                   2024                   2023

         CCL                             $          4,502.6   $    4,104.7   $             713.7    $             633.5

         Avery                                      1,049.1        1,039.9                 211.5                  199.5

         Checkpoint                                  986.9          875.2                  150.9                  132.0

         Innovia                                     706.4          629.8                   66.2                    45.6
                                         $          7,245.0   $    6,649.6   $            1,142.3   $            1,010.6

                                                                                           (77.6)                 (81.8)
         Corporate expenses

         Restructuring and other items                                                      (5.5)                 (42.8)

         Revaluation gain                                                                   78.1                        -

         Goodwill impairment loss                                                               -                 (95.0)

         Earnings in equity-accounted investments                                           18.9                    17.9

         Finance cost                                                                      (89.8)                 (94.2)

         Finance income                                                                     23.5                    23.6

         Interest on lease liabilities                                                      (8.7)                  (7.4)

         Income tax expense                                                               (238.1)                (200.7)
         Net earnings                                                        $             843.1    $             530.2




                                                                                                                   23
CCL Industries Inc.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

(In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)

4. Segment reporting (continued)

(a) Business segments (continued)

                                                                                                    Deprecitation and                Capital
                                   Total Assets                    Total Liabilities                  Amortization                 Expenditures
                                                As at December 31                                        Twelve Months Ended December 31
                                   2024             2023             2024               2023          2024           2023          2024              2023

        CCL                 $    5,374.5    $     4,753.9   $     1,297.7         $   1,182.1   $    292.4     $    262.7      $   323.7    $        324.7
        Avery                    1,110.0          1,081.8           307.5              303.5          40.4           42.4           25.5              13.1
        Checkpoint               1,249.5          1,106.7           457.0              426.4          51.5           47.4           64.6              43.3
        Innovia                  1,160.3          1,071.0           292.5              309.7          46.8           49.3           48.2              80.5
        Equity-accounted
         investments                60.9            85.0                  -                 -              -               -           -                 -
        Corporate                 903.9            825.8          2,223.7             2,079.3            1.3            1.5            -                 -
        Total               $    9,859.1    $     8,924.2   $     4,578.4         $   4,301.0   $    432.4     $    403.3      $   462.0    $        461.6


     All revenues are from products and services transferred at a point in time, except $16.8 million for the year ended
     December 31, 2024 (December 31, 2023 – $14.0 million), which are for maintenance service arrangements within
     the Checkpoint Segment.
     The Innovia Segment had intercompany revenues of $79.3 million with the CCL Segment for the year ended
     December 31, 2024 (2023 - $68.8 million). These transactions are eliminated in preparing the consolidated financial
     statements.

(b) Geographical segments

    The CCL, Avery, Checkpoint and Innovia Segments are managed on a worldwide basis but operate in the
    following geographical areas:
    •      Canada;
    •      United States and Puerto Rico;
    •      Mexico, Brazil, Chile and Argentina;
    •      Europe; and
    •      Asia, Australia, Africa, Middle East and New Zealand.

                                                                                                           Property, Plant and Equipment,
                                                                          Sales                            Goodwill and Intangible Assets
                                                                  2024                     2023                    2024                    2023
     Canada                                         $            144.5        $            153.5     $              85.5       $            71.3
     United States and Puerto Rico                              2,726.6                  2,568.0               2,173.6                2,024.6
     Mexico, Brazil, Chile and Argentina                         893.6                     849.3                   836.0                   832.7
     Europe                                                     2,224.0                  2,060.8               2,239.0                2,090.4
     Asia, Australia, Africa, Middle East
                                                                1,256.3                  1,018.0               1,027.8                     773.0
      and New Zealand
     Consolidated                                   $           7,245.0       $          6,649.6     $         6,361.9         $      5,792.0

    The geographical segment is determined based on the location from which the sale is made.




                                                                                                                                                24
CCL Industries Inc.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

(In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)

5. Acquisitions

(a) Acquisitions in 2024

     In June 2024, the Company completed the acquisition of the remaining 50% interest in its Pacman-CCL
     (“Pacman”) joint venture for cash consideration of approximately $142.9 million, net of cash acquired. Pacman,
     headquartered at its Dubai manufacturing facility in the United Arab Emirates, also operates label production
     facilities in Oman, Egypt, Saudi Arabia and Pakistan and has been added to the CCL Segment.

     Applying the requirements under IFRS 3 – Business Combinations, the Company re-measured its previously
     held interest in Pacman to its fair value. The acquisition date fair value of the previously held interest was
     determined to be $111.1 million, net of cash acquired, resulting in a gain of $78.1 million reclassified to net
     earnings. The fair value of $111.1 million forms part of the total purchase consideration as reflected in the table
     below.

       Cash consideration, net of cash acquired                                                         $        142.9
       Fair value of previously held 50% interest                                                                111.1
                                                                                                        $        254.0

       Trade and other receivables                                                                      $         20.0
       Inventories                                                                                                10.1
       Prepaid expenses                                                                                             0.6
       Property, plant and equipment                                                                              19.7
       Right-of-use assets                                                                                          1.4
       Goodwill                                                                                                  138.5
       Intangible assets                                                                                          95.0
       Deferred tax assets                                                                                          0.8
       Trade and other payables                                                                                   (5.0)
       Current lease liabilities                                                                                  (0.3)
       Income taxes payable                                                                                       (1.6)
       Long-term lease liabilities                                                                                (1.5)
       Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                  (19.0)
       Provisions and other long-term liabilities                                                                 (4.7)
       Net assets acquired                                                                              $        254.0


     As a result of the inherent complexity associated with the valuation of net assets acquired, the determination of
     the fair value of assets and liabilities acquired for Pacman are based upon preliminary estimates and
     assumptions. The Company will continue to review information prior to finalizing the fair value of the assets
     acquired and liabilities assumed. The actual fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed may differ
     from the amounts noted above.

     Goodwill is comprised of the excess fair value of the consideration paid over the fair value of the net assets
     acquired. Factors that make up the amount of goodwill recognized include expected synergies, employee
     knowledge of operations and unrestricted access to the Middle East, India and Africa markets. The total amount
     of goodwill for Pacman is $138.5 million, which is not deductible for tax purposes.




                                                                                                                  25
CCL Industries Inc.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

(In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)

5. Acquisitions (continued)

(a) Acquisitions in 2024 (continued)

     The following table summarizes the combined sales and net earnings that the newly acquired Pacman has
     contributed to the Company since the date of acquisition.

                                                                                               Twelve Months Ended
                                                                                                 December 31, 2024
        Sales                                                                              $                    55.4
        Net earnings                                                                       $                    12.4


(b) Pro forma information

     The pro forma consolidated financial information below has been prepared following the accounting policies of
     the Company as if the acquisition took place January 1, 2024.

     The pro forma consolidated financial information has been presented for illustrative purposes only and is not
     necessarily indicative of results of operations and financial position that would have been achieved had the pro
     forma events taken place on the dates indicated, or the future consolidated results of operations or consolidated
     financial position of the Company. Future results may vary significantly from the pro forma results presented.

     The following table summarizes the sales and net earnings of the Company combined with Pacman as though
     the acquisition took place on January 1, 2024:

                                                                                               Twelve Months Ended
                                                                                                 December 31, 2024
        Sales                                                                              $                  7,286.1
        Net earnings                                                                       $                   849.9


(c) Acquisitions in 2023

     In April 2023, the Company acquired privately owned eAgile Inc. (“eAgile”), based in Grand Rapids, Michigan,
     for approximately $52.2 million, net of cash acquired. eAgile is a start-up technology company with proprietary,
     patented hardware and software solutions for the healthcare industry alongside RFID inlays embedded into
     labels. This business is being integrated into the CCL Segment.

     In April 2023, the Company acquired the intellectual property of Alert Systems ApS (“Alert”), based in
     Hoersholm, Denmark, for approximately $3.2 million. Alert’s patent protected anti-theft solutions were added to
     the Checkpoint Segment.

     In April 2023, the Company acquired privately owned Data Management, Inc. (“DMI”), based in Farmington,
     Connecticut, for approximately $10.2 million, net of cash acquired. DMI’s tracking and identification badges
     business has been added to the Avery Segment.

     In July 2023, the Company acquired privately owned Oomph Made Limited (“Oomph”), based in Liphook, United
     Kingdom, for approximately $6.6 million, net of cash acquired. Oomph is a designer and supplier of Radio
     Frequency Identification and Near-Field Communication access cards and wristbands and has been added to
     the Avery Segment.




                                                                                                                 26
CCL Industries Inc.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

(In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)

5. Acquisitions (continued)

(c) Acquisitions in 2023 (continued)

     In July 2023, the Company acquired Pouch Partners S.r.l., Italy (“Pouch”), a subsidiary of Swiss headquartered
     Capri-Sun Group, based in Milan, Italy, for approximately $39.6 million, net of cash acquired. This business is
     trading as CCL Specialty Pouches and has become an integral new product offering within the CCL Segment.

     In July 2023, the Company acquired privately owned Creaprint S.L. (“Creaprint”), based in Alicante, Spain, for
     approximately $37.7 million, net of cash and debt acquired. Creaprint is a specialized producer of inmould labels
     and has been added to the CCL Segment.

     In August 2023, the Company acquired all the intellectual property of Imprint Energy Inc. ("IEI”), based in
     Alameda, California, for $26.6 million. IEI is a start-up proprietary technology company with the know-how for
     ultrathin, non-hazardous and non-toxic printed batteries for devices, sensors and wearables. This product line
     has become part of the CCL Segment.

     The following table summarizes the allocation of the consideration to the fair value of the assets acquired and
     liabilities assumed for the eAgile, Alert, DMI, Oomph, Pouch, Creaprint and IEI acquisitions:

       Cash consideration, net of cash acquired                                                        $       154.6
       Deferred consideration                                                                                   12.8
       Assumed debt                                                                                              8.7
                                                                                                       $       176.1

       Trade and other receivables                                                                     $         17.9
       Inventories                                                                                               18.1
       Prepaid expenses                                                                                           0.2
       Property, plant and equipment                                                                             34.6
       Right-of-use assets                                                                                        6.9
       Goodwill                                                                                                123.4
       Intangible assets                                                                                         13.6
       Deferred tax assets                                                                                        3.9
       Trade and other payables                                                                                (31.0)
       Current lease liabilities                                                                                (1.3)
       Income taxes payable                                                                                     (0.2)
       Long-term lease liabilities                                                                              (5.5)
       Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                 (3.3)
       Employee benefits                                                                                        (1.0)
       Provisions and other long-term liabilities                                                               (0.2)
       Net assets acquired                                                                             $       176.1


     Goodwill is comprised of the excess fair value of the consideration paid over the fair value of the net assets
     acquired. Factors that make up the amount of goodwill recognized include expected synergies and employee
     knowledge of operations. The total amount of goodwill for eAgile, Alert, DMI, Oomph, Pouch, Creaprint and IEI
     is $123.4 million, of which $33.7 million is deductible for tax purposes.

     In July 2023, the Company acquired privately owned Faubel & Co. Nachfolger GmbH (“Faubel”), headquartered
     in Melsungen, Germany, for approximately $169.7 million, net of cash acquired. Faubel is a specialist in labels
     for pharmaceutical clinical trials globally and is being reported within the CCL Segment.




                                                                                                                 27
CCL Industries Inc.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

(In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)

5. Acquisitions (continued)

(c) Acquisitions in 2023 (continued)

     The following table summarizes the allocation of the consideration to the fair value of the assets acquired and
     liabilities assumed for the Faubel acquisition:

       Cash consideration, net of cash acquired                                                       $      169.7

       Trade and other receivables                                                                    $       10.2
       Inventories                                                                                              6.3
       Prepaid expenses                                                                                         0.1
       Property, plant and equipment                                                                          39.3
       Right-of-use assets                                                                                      0.4
       Goodwill                                                                                               86.5
       Intangible assets                                                                                      66.8
       Deferred tax assets                                                                                      0.8
       Trade and other payables                                                                               (6.4)
       Current lease liabilities                                                                              (0.2)
       Income taxes payable                                                                                   (8.8)
       Long-term lease liabilities                                                                            (0.3)
       Deferred tax liabilities                                                                              (20.6)
       Employee benefits                                                                                      (0.4)
       Provisions and other long-term liabilities                                                             (4.0)
       Net assets acquired                                                                            $      169.7


     Goodwill is comprised of the excess fair value of the consideration paid over the fair value of the net assets
     acquired. Factors that make up the amount of goodwill recognized include expected synergies and employee
     knowledge of operations. The total amount of goodwill for Faubel is $86.5 million, which is not deductible for
     tax purposes.


6. Cash and cash equivalents

                                                                                  December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                         2024                2023

       Bank balances                                                          $           753.6   $            687.4
       Restricted cash                                                                      8.1                  9.1
       Short-term investments                                                              67.0                 77.7
       Cash and cash equivalents                                              $           828.7   $            774.2




                                                                                                               28
CCL Industries Inc.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

(In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)

7. Trade and other receivables

                                                                                  December 31,               December 31,
                                                                                         2024                       2023

       Trade receivables                                                      $           1,086.1        $          984.7
       Other receivables                                                                    165.3                   104.6
       Trade and other receivables                                            $           1,251.4        $         1,089.3


8. Inventories

                                                                                  December 31,               December 31,
                                                                                         2024                       2023

       Raw material                                                           $            386.4         $          330.2
       Work in progress                                                                     77.9                     77.3
       Finished goods                                                                      355.6                    324.8
       Total inventories                                                      $            819.9         $          732.3

    The total amount of inventories recognized as an expense in 2024 was $5,107.3 million (2023 – $4,735.2 million),
    including depreciation of $358.2 million (2023 – $333.4 million).

9. Equity-accounted investments
    Summary financial information for equity-accounted investments, including joint ventures and associates, not
    adjusted for the percentage ownership held by the Company, is as follows:

                                                                                                 At December 31, 2024
                                                                                               Joint
                                                                         Associates         Ventures               Total
      Net earnings                                                       $        24.2     $        13.6       $    37.8
      Other comprehensive loss                                                    (3.5)             (1.5)           (5.0)
      Total comprehensive income                                         $        20.7     $        12.1       $    32.8
      Carrying amount of investments in associates and joint ventures    $        60.9     $         -         $    60.9

                                                                                                 At December 31, 2023
                                                                                                   Joint
                                                                          Associates           Ventures            Total
      Net earnings                                                       $        26.1     $         9.7       $    35.8
      Other comprehensive loss                                                    (7.7)             (2.4)          (10.1)
      Total comprehensive income                                         $        18.4     $         7.3       $    25.7
      Carrying amount of investments in associates and joint ventures    $        50.6     $        34.4       $    85.0

   In June 2024, the Company purchased the remaining 50% interest in its Pacman-CCL joint venture. As such,
   Pacman’s results subsequent to this date are fully consolidated to the Company (see note 5).




                                                                                                                    29
CCL Industries Inc.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

(In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)

10. Property, plant and equipment

                                                                                    Machinery     Fixtures,
                                                                   Land and               and      Fittings
                                                                   Buildings        Equipment    and Other         Total
  Cost
  Balance at January 1, 2023                                      $   1,015.0   $     3,353.5    $   56.2     $ 4,424.7
  Acquisitions through business combinations                            37.6             32.6          3.7          73.9
  Other additions                                                       49.3           407.1           5.2         461.6
  Other movements                                                       52.3           (102.7)         2.4         (48.0)
  Disposals                                                             (7.5)           (95.6)        (0.6)       (103.7)
  Movements in exchange rates and inflation adjustments                  2.4             11.8          0.4          14.6

  Balance at December 31, 2023                                    $ 1,149.1     $     3,606.7    $   67.3     $   4,823.1


  Acquisitions through business combinations                             7.3             12.2          0.2          19.7
  Other additions                                                        5.7           452.9           3.4         462.0
  Other movements                                                      123.8           (214.4)         6.5         (84.1)
  Disposals                                                             (0.3)           (65.8)        (0.6)        (66.7)
  Movements in exchange rates and inflation adjustments                 40.8           156.6           2.3         199.7

  Balance at December 31, 2024                                    $ 1,326.4     $     3,948.2    $   79.1     $ 5,353.7

   Accumulated depreciation
   Balance at January 1, 2023                                     $    332.7    $     1,843.8    $   35.9     $   2,212.4
   Depreciation for the year                                            41.9           236.7           5.2         283.8
   Other movements                                                      (1.0)           (44.1)        (1.1)        (46.2)
   Disposals                                                            (3.9)           (90.4)        (0.5)        (94.8)
   Movements in exchange rates and inflation adjustments                (0.3)             1.5          0.3           1.5

   Balance at December 31, 2023                                   $    369.4    $     1,947.5    $   39.8     $ 2,356.7


   Depreciation for the year                                            45.5           253.6           6.4         305.5
   Other movements                                                      (1.8)           (52.6)        (3.3)        (57.7)
   Disposals                                                            (0.2)           (64.3)        (0.6)        (65.1)
   Movements in exchange rates and inflation adjustments                16.0             98.5          1.7         116.2

   Balance at December 31, 2024                                   $    428.9    $     2,182.7    $   44.0     $ 2,655.6


   Carrying amounts
   At December 31, 2023                                           $    779.7    $     1,659.2    $   27.5     $ 2,466.4
   At December 31, 2024                                           $    897.5    $     1,765.5    $   35.1     $ 2,698.1


 The Company has committed to a plan to sell its Belgian manufacturing facility and other plant assets within the
 Innovia Segment. As such, the assets being disposed of are presented as assets held for sale on the consolidated
 statements of financial position. As at December 31, 2024, assets held for sale is $23.5 million (2023 - $nil). Efforts
 to sell the assets have started and a sale is expected in 2025.



                                                                                                                           30
CCL Industries Inc.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

(In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)

11. Leases

(a) Right-of-use assets

                                                                                       Machinery
                                                                      Land and               and
                                                                      Buildings        Equipment        Other        Total
   Cost
   Balance at January 1, 2023                                     $      232.6     $        20.4    $   38.0     $   291.0
   Acquisitions through business combinations                               5.6              1.4          0.3          7.3
   Other additions                                                        58.9               1.6        16.8          77.3
   Other movements                                                        (21.6)            (1.5)       (11.5)       (34.6)
   Movements in exchange rates and inflation adjustments                    2.7             (0.3)        (0.4)         2.0

   Balance at December 31, 2023                                   $      278.2     $        21.6    $   43.2     $   343.0

   Acquisitions through business combinations                               1.4              -            -            1.4
   Other additions                                                        27.5               3.6        16.0          47.1
   Other movements                                                        (12.4)           (10.2)       (12.5)       (35.1)
   Movements in exchange rates and inflation adjustments                  13.5               1.1          1.9         16.5

   Balance at December 31, 2024                                   $      308.2     $        16.1    $   48.6     $   372.9


   Accumulated depreciation
   Balance at January 1, 2023                                     $       79.1     $        11.2    $   20.5     $   110.8
   Depreciation for the year                                              35.4               4.5        10.8          50.7
   Other movements                                                        (20.2)            (1.5)       (10.2)       (31.9)
   Movements in exchange rates and inflation adjustments                    0.1             (0.3)        (0.1)        (0.3)

   Balance at December 31, 2023                                   $       94.4     $        13.9    $   21.0     $   129.3

   Depreciation for the year                                              37.2               3.9        12.7          53.8
   Other movements                                                        (11.4)            (9.9)       (10.5)       (31.8)
   Movements in exchange rates and inflation adjustments                    4.6              0.7          0.9          6.2

   Balance at December 31, 2024                                   $      124.8     $         8.6    $   24.1     $   157.5


   Carrying amounts
   At December 31, 2023                                           $      183.8     $         7.7    $   22.2     $   213.7

   At December 31, 2024                                           $      183.4     $         7.5    $   24.5     $   215.4




                                                                                                                         31
CCL Industries Inc.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

(In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)

11. Leases (continued)

(b) Amounts recognized in the consolidated income statements and statements of cash flows

                                                                                    December 31,                        December 31,
                                                                                           2024                                2023

        Interest expense on lease liabilities                                $                    8.7        $                      7.4
        Expenses relating to short-term leases                               $                    5.3        $                      5.0
        Expenses relating to leases of low-value assets,
         excluding short-term leases of low-value assets                     $                    0.6        $                      0.5
        Total cash outflow for leases                                        $                  65.0         $                     59.7



12. Intangible assets

                                                                         Patents,
                                                         Customer     Trademarks
                                                      Relationships     and Other       Brands                Total         Goodwill
 Cost
 Balance at January 1, 2023                       $         837.5     $   185.3     $   441.5           $   1,464.3     $    2,193.5
 Acquisitions through business
 combinations                                                69.6            3.6           7.2                   80.4         209.9
 Impairment                                                    -             -             -                      -           (95.0)
 Effect of movements in exchange rates                       (1.3)           1.8          (5.3)               (4.8)           (14.8)
 Balance at December 31, 2023                     $         905.8     $   190.7     $   443.4           $   1,539.9     $    2,293.6

 Acquisitions through business
 combinations                                                95.0            -             -                     95.0         138.5
 Effect of movements in exchange rates                       38.9            8.4         31.2                    78.5         122.0

 Balance at December 31, 2024                     $       1,039.7     $   199.1     $   474.6           $   1,713.4     $    2,554.1

 Accumulated amortization
 Balance at January 1, 2023                       $         363.8     $     82.2    $      -            $    446.0      $      -
 Amortization for the year                                   55.5           13.3           -                     68.8          -
 Effect of movements in exchange rates                       (6.3)          (0.6)          -                  (6.9)            -

 Balance at December 31, 2023                     $         413.0     $     94.9    $      -            $    507.9      $      -

 Amortization for the year                                   59.9           13.2           -                     73.1          -
 Effect of movements in exchange rates                       19.6            3.1           -                     22.7          -

 Balance at December 31, 2024                     $         492.5     $   111.2     $      -            $    603.7      $      -

 Carrying amounts

 At December 31, 2023                             $         492.8     $     95.8    $   443.4           $   1,032.0     $    2,293.6
 At December 31, 2024                             $         547.2     $     87.9    $   474.6           $   1,109.7     $    2,554.1




                                                                                                                                   32
CCL Industries Inc.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

(In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)

13. Goodwill and indefinite-life intangible assets

    Impairment testing for cash-generating units containing goodwill and indefinite-life intangible assets

    For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill and indefinite-life intangible assets are allocated to the
    Company’s operating segments, which represent the lowest level within the Company at which goodwill is
    monitored for internal management purposes.

    The aggregate carrying amounts of goodwill and indefinite-life intangible assets allocated to each unit are as
    follows:

                                                                             December 31,             December 31,
                                                                                    2024                     2023
      Goodwill

         CCL                                                            $           1,647.9   $             1,419.9
         Avery                                                                        384.7                  381.2
         Checkpoint                                                                   261.6                  247.1
         Innovia                                                                      259.9                  245.4

                                                                        $           2,554.1   $             2,293.6
      Indefinite-life intangible assets – brands

         CCL                                                            $               7.3   $                 7.2
         Avery                                                                        209.6                  195.4
         Checkpoint                                                                   199.4                  186.3
         Innovia                                                                       58.3                   54.6
                                                                        $             474.6   $              443.5


    Impairment testing for goodwill and indefinite-life intangible assets was done by a comparison of the CGU’s
    carrying amount to its estimated value in use, determined by discounting the CGU’s future cash flows. Key
    assumptions used in the determination of the value in use include growth rates of 3% to 5% and pre-tax discount
    rates of 10% to 12%. Discount rates reflect current market assumptions and risks related to the CGUs and are
    based upon the weighted average cost of capital. The Company’s historical growth rates are used as the basis
    in determining the growth rate applied for impairment testing. Any adverse movement in key assumptions used,
    including discount rates, could lead to an impairment in future periods. The Company completed its annual
    impairment testing as at September 30, 2024.

    The estimated values in use of CCL, Avery, Checkpoint and Innovia CGUs exceeded their carrying values. As
    a result, no goodwill or indefinite-life intangible assets impairment were recorded during 2024.

    In 2023, subsequent to performing its annual impairment test, the Company assessed that there were indications
    of goodwill impairment for the Innovia segment as a result of the closure of a Belgian production facility and
    continuing demand challenges in the label materials industry, which required the carrying value of the CGU to
    be re-tested for impairment at December 31, 2023. The recoverable amount of the Innovia CGU, measured at
    its fair value in use, was $762.8 million at December 31, 2023. This resulted in a non-cash goodwill impairment
    charge of $95.0 million for the Innovia segment, which was recognized on a separate line in the consolidated
    income statements. The pre-tax discount rate used at December 31, 2023 was 11%.



                                                                                                              33
CCL Industries Inc.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

(In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)

14. Trade and other payables
                                                                                             December 31,            December 31,
                                                                                                    2024                    2023

       Trade payables                                                                    $            840.1     $              801.2
       Other payables                                                                                 576.8                    528.3
       Trade and other payables                                                          $          1,416.9     $            1,329.5

     Supply chain financing arrangements (“SCF”)
     The Company maintains supply chain financing arrangements with certain global financial institutions at some
     of its subsidiaries worldwide. Under these arrangements the suppliers receive payment from the financial
     institutions with the opportunity for expediated payment terms. The Company pays the financial institution
     regardless of the supplier electing to accelerate their payments through the financing arrangement. Supplier
     participation in these financing arrangements is completely voluntary. The purpose of these arrangements is to
     facilitate efficient payment processing and provide suppliers the option of early payment terms compared to the
     related invoice payment due date. The Company, including certain subsidiaries, provide a guarantee to the
     banks in connection with these financing arrangements.
     Additional information about the Company’s supply chain arrangements is provided in the table below:

                                                                                              December 31,               January 1,
                                                                                                     2024                     2024
       Carrying amount of financial liabilities
       Presented within trade and other payables                                 $                     123.2    $             107.2
            -   of which suppliers have received payment                                                69.4                       *
       Range of payment due dates
                                                                                        20 – 180 days after
       Liabilities that are part of the arrangement                                            invoice date                        *
                                                                                        20 – 180 days after
       Comparable trade payables that are not part of the arrangement                          invoice date                        *
       *The Company applied transitional relief under Supplier Finance Arrangements – Amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 7 and has not provided
       comparative information in the first year of adoption.

     There were no significant non-cash changes relating to the carrying amount of the liabilities subject to supply
     chain financing arrangements.
     All payables under the arrangements are classified as current as at December 31, 2024.




                                                                                                                                   34
CCL Industries Inc.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

(In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)

15. Deferred tax
    (a) Unrecognized deferred tax assets
    Deferred tax assets have not been recognized in respect of the following items:

                                                                                                December 31,                     December 31,
                                                                                                       2024                             2023

       Deductible temporary differences                                                  $                        5.0        $                 7.6
       Tax losses                                                                                                20.3                         46.1
                                                                                         $                       25.3        $                53.7

    The unrecognized deferred tax assets on tax losses of $3.9 million will expire between 2025 and 2034, $6.8
    million will expire beyond 2034, and $9.6 million may be carried forward indefinitely. The deductible temporary
    differences do not expire under current tax legislation. Deferred tax assets have not been recognized in respect
    of these items because it is not probable that future taxable income will be available against which the Company
    can utilize the benefits therefrom.

    (b) Recognized deferred tax assets and liabilities
    Deferred tax assets and liabilities are attributable to the following:

                                                      Assets                             Liabilities                        Net (Assets) Liabilities
                                            December           December        December                December         December              December
                                             31, 2024           31, 2023        31, 2024                31, 2023         31, 2024              31, 2023
     Property, plant and equipment      $       8.4      $         6.7     $      173.1        $        158.8           $        164.7    $     152.1
     Intangible assets                          -                  -              332.9                 311.7                    332.9          311.7
     Derivatives                                -                  -                 2.3                  8.9                      2.3               8.9
     Inventory reserves                        20.7               19.3               0.3                  0.6                    (20.4)          (18.7)
     Employee benefit plans                    82.8               71.1               0.6                   0.6                   (82.2)          (70.5)
     Share-based payments                       8.2               19.3               -                     -                      (8.2)          (19.3)
     Capitalized research and
                                               30.4               15.2               -                     -                     (30.4)         (15.2)
      development
     Provisions and other items                78.0               76.2               8.0                   5.2                   (70.0)          (71.0)
     Tax loss carry-forwards                   36.1               36.8               -                     -                     (36.1)          (36.8)

     Balance before offset                    264.6             244.6              517.2                485.8                    252.6          241.2
     Offset of tax                           (169.9)            (139.6)        (139.8)
                                                                                  (169.9)              (139.6)                     -                 -
     Balance after offset               $      94.7      $      105.0      $      347.3        $        346.2           $        252.6    $     241.2




                                                                                                                                               35
CCL Industries Inc.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

(In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)

15. Deferred tax (continued)

    (b) Recognized deferred tax assets and liabilities (continued)

                           Balance at                                                     Recognized in          Balance at
                         December 31,        Recognized                                      Other             December 31,
                               2023           in Income                    Translation   Comprehensive              2024
                         Liability (Asset)   Statement      Acquisitions   and Others    Income/Equity        Liability (Asset)

       Property, plant
       and equipment     $        152.1      $      0.2     $      1.6     $    10.8     $        -       $            164.7
       Intangible
       assets                     311.7            (6.5)          17.5          10.2              -                    332.9

       Derivatives                   8.9           (0.4)           -              -              (6.2)                   2.3
       Inventory
       reserves                    (18.7)          (1.6)          (0.1)           -               -                    (20.4)
       Employee
       benefit plans               (70.5)          (5.6)          (0.1)          (3.1)           (2.9)                 (82.2)
       Share-based
       payments                    (19.3)          11.1            -              -               -                      (8.2)
       Capitalized
       research and
       development                 (15.2)         (13.3)           -             (1.9)            -                    (30.4)
       Provisions
       and other
       items                       (71.0)           2.8           (0.7)          (1.1)            -                    (70.0)
       Tax loss
       carry-forwards              (36.8)           1.5            -             (0.8)            -                    (36.1)

                         $        241.2      $    (11.8)    $     18.2     $    14.1     $       (9.1)    $            252.6




                                                                                                                         36
CCL Industries Inc.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

(In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)

15. Deferred tax (continued)

    (b) Recognized deferred tax assets and liabilities (continued)

                           Balance at                                                     Recognized in         Balance at
                         December 31,        Recognized                                      Other            December 31,
                               2022           in Income                    Translation   Comprehensive              2023
                         Liability (Asset)   Statement      Acquisitions   and Others    Income/Equity        Liability (Asset)

       Property, plant
       and equipment     $        124.8      $     23.2     $      3.6     $     (0.7)   $        1.2     $            152.1
       Intangible
       assets                     291.2            (5.6)          22.1            4.0             -                    311.7

       Derivatives                   8.2            0.9            -              0.1            (0.3)                    8.9
       Inventory
       reserves                    (17.1)          (1.3)          (0.6)           0.3             -                    (18.7)
       Employee
       benefit plans               (67.2)          (2.3)          (0.2)           3.1            (3.9)                 (70.5)
       Share-based
       payments                    (11.6)          (5.2)           -             (2.3)           (0.2)                 (19.3)
       Capitalized
       research and
       development                  (9.3)          (8.7)           -              2.8             -                    (15.2)
       Provisions
       and other
       items                       (57.7)          (9.1)          (1.7)          (2.5)            -                    (71.0)
       Tax loss
       carry-forwards              (21.1)         (12.0)          (4.0)           0.3             -                    (36.8)

                         $        240.2      $    (20.1)    $     19.2     $      5.1    $       (3.2)    $            241.2


    The aggregate amount of temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries and joint ventures
    for which deferred tax liabilities were not recognized as at December 31, 2024, is $3,729.0 million (2023 –
    $2,918.7 million).

    The aggregate amount of temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries and joint ventures
    for which deferred tax assets were not recognized as at December 31, 2024, is $28.2 million (2023 – $30.1
    million).




                                                                                                                         37
CCL Industries Inc.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

(In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)

16. Share capital
    Shares issued (in millions)
                                                                 Class A                          Class B
                                                      Shares                   Amount   Shares              Amount         Total
      Balance, January 1, 2023                           11.8          $        4.5      165.2         $     463.9    $   468.4
      Repurchase of shares                                 -                     -        (0.1)               (0.3)         (0.3)
      Stock options exercised                              -                     -         0.5                34.5         34.5
      Restricted share units exercised                     -                     -         0.2                 7.9           7.9
      Performance share units                              -                     -         0.1                 6.4           6.4
      Long-term retention units exercised                  -                     -         0.1                 3.6           3.6

      Balance, December 31, 2023                         11.8                   4.5      166.0               516.0        520.5
      Repurchase of shares                                 -                     -        (2.6)               (9.5)         (9.5)
      Shares converted from Class A to Class B           (0.1)                   -         0.1                 -             -
      Stock options exercised                              -                     -         0.1                 7.6           7.6
      Deferred share units exercised                       -                     -         *                   0.1           0.1
      Restricted share units exercised                     -                     -         0.2                11.1         11.1
      Performance share units                              -                     -         1.2                72.5         72.5
      Long-term retention units exercised                  -                     -         0.1                 5.5           5.5
      Balance, December 31, 2024                         11.7                   4.5      165.1         $     603.3    $   4607.8
                                                                           $
     * Number of Class B non-voting shares issued was nominal.

    At December 31, 2024, the authorized share capital comprised an unlimited number of Class A voting shares and
    an unlimited number of Class B non-voting shares. The Class A and Class B shares have no par value. All issued
    shares are fully paid. Both Class A and Class B shares are classified as equity.
    In May 2024, the Company renewed its share repurchase program under a normal course issuer bid to purchase
    up to 14.75 million Class B non-voting shares, approximately 9.93% of the public float of the Class B non-voting
    shares of the Company. During 2024, the Company acquired 2,628,909 of its Class B shares for cancellation at
    an average price of $76.31 per share. During 2023, the Company acquired 87,305 of its Class B shares for
    cancellation at an average price of $58.87 per share. The excess of the purchase price over the paid-up capital
    was charged to retained earnings.

    (a) Class A
    The holders of Class A shares receive dividends set at $0.01 per share per annum less than Class B shares;
    they are entitled to one vote per share at meetings of the Company, and their shares are convertible at any time
    into Class B shares.

    (b) Class B
     Class B shares rank equally in all material respects with Class A shares, except as follows:
       (i)    Holders of Class B shares are entitled to receive material and attend, but not to vote at, regular
              shareholder meetings.
      (ii)    Holders of Class B shares are entitled to voting privileges when, under a takeover bid when voting control
              has been acquired, consideration for the Class A shares exceeds 115% of the market price of the Class
              B shares.
     (iii)    Holders of Class B shares are entitled to receive, or have set aside for payment, dividends declared
              by the Board of Directors from time to time, set at $0.01 per share per annum greater than Class A
              shares.


                                                                                                                                 38
CCL Industries Inc.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

(In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)

16. Share capital (continued)

    (c) Dividends

    The annual dividends per share were as follows:
                                                                                    2024                   2023
       Class A share                                                         $       1.15           $       1.05
       Class B share                                                         $       1.16           $       1.06


17. Earnings per share

    Basic earnings per share

    The calculation of basic earnings per share for the year ended December 31, 2024, was based on profit
    attributable to Class A shares of $55.5 million (2023 – $35.0 million) and Class B shares of $787.6 million (2023
    – $495.2 million) and a weighted average number of Class A shares outstanding of 11.7 million (2023 – 11.8
    million) and Class B shares outstanding of 166.5 million (2023 – 165.8 million).

    Weighted average number of shares (in millions)
                                                                    December 31,                December 31,
                                                                        2024                        2023
                                                                  Class A      Class B        Class A     Class B
                                                                  Shares        Shares        Shares      Shares

        Issued and outstanding shares at January 1                   11.8          166.0         11.8         165.2
        Effect of share conversion from Class A to Class B           (0.1)           0.1             -               -
        Effect of stock options exercised                                -           0.1             -             0.3
        Effect of restricted share units exercised                       -           0.2             -             0.2
        Effect of repurchase of shares                                   -          (0.9)           -                -
        Effect of performance stock units exercised                      -           1.0             -             0.1
        Weighted average number of shares at December 31             11.7          166.5         11.8         165.8

    Diluted earnings per share

    The calculation of diluted earnings per share for the year ended December 31, 2024, was based on profit
    attributable to Class A shares of $55.1 million (2023 – $34.6 million) and Class B shares of $788.0 million (2023
    – $495.6 million) and a diluted weighted average number of Class A shares outstanding of 11.7 million (2023 –
    11.8 million) and Class B shares outstanding of 167.8 million (2023 – 168.1 million).

    Weighted average number of shares – diluted (in millions)
                                                                                    December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                           2024                 2023

        Weighted average number of shares (basic)                                           178.2                  177.6
        Effect of deferred share units on issue                                               0.3                    0.3
        Effect of share-based compensation                                                    1.0                    2.0
        Weighted average number of shares (diluted)                                         179.5                  179.9


    The average market value of the Company’s shares for the purpose of calculating the dilutive effect of share
    options was based on quoted market prices for the year that the options were outstanding.

                                                                                                                   39
CCL Industries Inc.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

(In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)

18. Loans and borrowings
                                                                                     December 31,          December 31,
                                                                                            2024                  2023
        Current liabilities
        Current portion of other loans (iii)                                        $            4.2   $               6.9

        Short-term operating credit lines available (iv)                            $          13.0    $            13.5
        Short-term operating credit lines used                                      $            0.6   $               0.6

        Non-current liabilities
        Unsecured syndicated bank credit facilities (i)                             $         347.8    $           307.0
        Unsecured notes (ii)                                                                1,875.0              1,747.4
        Other loans (iii)                                                                       9.7                 13.4
                                                                                    $       2,232.5    $         2,067.8

    (i) Unsecured syndicated bank credit facilities
    As at December 31, 2024, the Company had an unsecured US$1.2 billion revolving credit facility with a syndicate
    of banks. The facility bears interest at the applicable benchmark interest rate, plus an interest rate margin linked
    to the Company’s net debt to EBITDA. Borrowings under the facility were $34.0 million (Term CORRA plus 1.0%)
    and €211.5 million ($314.9 million; EURIBOR plus 1.0%) and $1.1 million of contingent letters of credit drawn
    on this syndicated bank credit facility.
    As at December 31, 2023, $15.0 million (CDOR plus 1.0%), €201.0 million ($293.6 million; EURIBOR plus 1.0%)
    and $1.1 million of contingent letters of credit were drawn on this syndicated bank credit facility.
    In May 2022, this facility was amended, extending the maturity from February 28, 2025, to February 28, 2027.
    The unused portion of the revolving syndicated bank credit facility was US$956.7 million at December 31, 2024
    (December 31, 2023 – US$966.1 million).
    As at December 31, 2024, transaction costs related to the unsecured syndicated bank credit facilities were $1.1
    million (December 31, 2023 – $1.6 million).




                                                                                                                  40
CCL Industries Inc.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

(In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)

18. Loans and borrowings (continued)

    (ii)   Unsecured notes
    Unsecured notes as at December 31, 2024, consisted of US$600.0 million ($858.1 million; 2023 - $788.7 million)
    principal amount of 144A 3.05% private notes, offered in a private placement in the United States in May 2020,
    maturing June 1, 2030; $299.3 million (2023 - $299.1 million) principal amount of 3.864% Series 1 Notes,
    maturing April 13, 2028; and US$500.0 million ($717.6 million; 2023 - $659.6 million) principal amount of 144A
    3.25% private notes, maturing on October 1, 2026. These notes bear interest payable semi-annually. The net
    proceeds of all three notes were used to partially repay amounts borrowed under the unsecured syndicated bank
    credit facility.
    As at December 31, 2024, the Company utilized cross-currency interest rate swap agreements (“CCIRSA”) to
    effectively convert notional US$408.5 million (2023 – US$408.5 million) of the 144A 3.05% private notes into
    €360.0 million (2023 – €360.0 million) 2.06% and 2.00% fixed rate debt and convert notional US$376.2 million
    (2023 – US$376.2 million) of the 144A 3.25% private notes into €340.0 million (2023 - €340.0 million) 1.16%
    and 1.23% fixed rate debt in order to hedge its euro-based assets and cash flows (note 24(a)).

    (iii) Other loans
    Other loans include term bank loans at various rates and repayment terms.

    (iv) Operating credit lines
    Interest rates charged on the credit lines are based on rates varying with Term CORRA, SOFR, SONIA,
    EURIBOR, the prime rate and similar market rates for other currencies.

    (v)    Reconciliation of changes in liabilities arising from financing activities
    Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flows were, or future cash flows will be,
    classified in the consolidated statement of cash flows as financing activities. Changes in the Company's liabilities
    arising from financing activities are as follows:
                                                                                          2024                   2023
      Balance at January 1                                                 $           2,074.7    $           2,182.2
      Financing cash flows                                                                26.8                  (83.7)
      Foreign exchange                                                                   132.6                  (33.4)
      Other                                                                                 2.6                    9.6
      Balance at December 31                                               $           2,236.7    $           2,074.7


     As at December 31, 2024 and 2023, there are no assets pledged as collateral against long-term debt.




                                                                                                                   41
CCL Industries Inc.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

(In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)

19. Finance income and cost

     Recognized in consolidated income statement                                       December 31,            December 31,
                                                                                                  2024                 2023
      Interest expense on financial liabilities measured at amortized cost         $              77.8     $            83.5
      Fees and interest recognized on other financial instruments                                 (12.4)               (11.9)
      Interest expense on post-employment defined benefit plans                                   24.4                  22.6
      Finance cost                                                                                89.8                  94.2

      Interest income on cash and cash equivalents                                                12.9                  12.7
     Interest income on other assets                                                                0.2                     0.2
      Interest income on post-employment defined benefit plans                                    10.4                  10.7
      Finance income                                                                              23.5                  23.6

      Interest expense on lease liabilities                                                         8.7                     7.4

      Net finance cost recognized in consolidated income statement                 $              75.0     $            78.0

     The above finance income and cost are with respect to assets (liabilities) not at FVTPL.


20. Employee benefits
                                                                                 December 31,                  December 31,
                                                                                        2024                          2023

      Present value of wholly unfunded defined benefit obligations           $           282.3     $                 249.8
      Present value of partially funded defined benefit obligations                      334.1                       341.8
      Total present value of obligations                                                 616.4                       591.6
      Fair value of plan assets                                                         (310.1)                     (311.8)
      Irrecoverable surplus due to asset ceiling                                           0.5                          1.4
      Recognized liability for defined benefit obligations                               306.8                       281.2
      Liability for long-service leave and jubilee plans                                  20.9                         18.5
      Total employee benefits                                                            327.7                       299.7
      Total employee benefits reported in trade and other payables                        20.0                         17.2
      Total employee benefits reported in non-current liabilities            $           307.7     $                 282.5


    (a) Defined contribution post-employment plans

    The Company sponsors defined contribution post-employment plans in Canada, the U.S., Thailand, the
    Netherlands and the U.K. A post-employment plan is classified as a defined contribution plan if the Company
    pays fixed contributions into a fund at a separate entity and the Company has no further obligation to pay any
    further contributions if the fund does not hold sufficient assets to pay all employee benefits relating to employee
    service in the current and prior periods. The expense for Company-sponsored defined contribution post-
    employment plans was $53.3 million in 2024 (2023 – $41.3 million), of which $0.1 million (2023 – $0.1 million)
    was for key management personnel. Company contributions into defined contribution state plans are included
    in the line item Compulsory social security contributions in the table in note 21.




                                                                                                                       42
CCL Industries Inc.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

(In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)

20. Employee benefits (continued)

    (b) Defined benefit post-employment plans

    The Company also has defined benefit post-employment plans in various countries of the world. Although some
    of these plans have elements in common with defined contribution plans, the Company has accounted for these
    as defined benefit plans as they are not fully funded at a separate entity.

    Partially funded defined benefit obligations

    The Company's defined benefit post-employment plans are not fully funded. The obligation of these plans, net
    of any assets, is recorded in non-current liabilities on the consolidated statement of financial position in employee
    benefits or, for payments expected to be made within the next twelve months, in trade and other payables in
    current liabilities. Fluctuations in the pension liabilities resulting from actuarial gains or losses due to changes in
    risk factors are recorded in other comprehensive income. The primary partially funded plans are in Canada, the
    U.K., Switzerland and the Netherlands. Details of these plans are as follows:

     (i)    In Canada, the Company has a registered partially funded defined benefit pension plan for seven retired
            executives and one active employee. The Company makes all required contributions to the plans. Benefits
            are based on employee earnings. An actuary is involved in measuring the obligation of the plan and in
            calculating the expense and any contributions required. The plan is closed to new members. The primary
            risk factors for this plan are longevity of plan beneficiaries, discount rate volatility for the value of the
            obligation and market risk on the assets. The Company has determined that any surplus in the plan after
            all obligations have been covered is fully available to the Company.

     (ii)   In the U.K., the Company has two registered partially funded defined benefit pension plans.

            The first plan has no active members and is closed to new members. Benefits are based on final salary.
            All members of the plan are either deferred or retired and benefits are provided to spouses or dependents
            in the event of a member's death before or after retirement. The Company is required to make payments
            of £0.5 million in deficit funding contributions annually. An actuary is involved in measuring the obligation
            of the plan and in calculating the expense and any contributions required. The primary risk factors for this
            plan are longevity of plan beneficiaries and discount rate volatility for the value of the obligation and market
            risk on the assets. The Company has determined that any surplus in the plan after all obligations have
            been covered is fully available to the Company.

            On April 6, 2019, the second plan was frozen. No further benefits will be earned by members in the plan
            and no contributions will be paid into the plan other than deficit funding contributions. It is closed to new
            members. Benefits are based on a member’s final pensionable salary and length of service at retirement.
            Benefits are provided to spouses in the event of a member’s death before or after retirement. The Company
            is required to make payments of £1.5 million in deficit funding contributions annually. An actuary is involved
            in measuring the obligation of the plan and in calculating the expense and any contributions required. The
            primary risk factors for this plan are longevity of plan beneficiaries and discount rate volatility for the value
            of the obligation and market risk on the assets. The Company has determined that any surplus in the plan
            after all obligations have been covered is available to the Company if the plan is wound up; however, any
            surplus while the plan is ongoing is under the authority of the trustees. Active members have been moved
            to a defined contribution plan.




                                                                                                                       43
CCL Industries Inc.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

(In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)

20. Employee benefits (continued)

     (b) Defined benefit post-employment plans (continued)

     Partially funded defined benefit obligations (continued)

       (iii) In Switzerland, the Company provides a mandatory, legislated contribution-based cash balance plan for
             employees that is accounted for as a post-employment defined benefit plan. Benefits from the plan are
             paid out at retirement, disability or death. If an employee terminates from the Company prior to retirement,
             the vested benefit equal to the accumulated savings account balance is transferred to the pension plan
             of the new employer. The plan is governed by a foundation board that is legally responsible for the
             operation of the plan and includes employer and employee representation, in equal numbers. A legally
             required minimum level of retirement benefit is based on age-related savings contributions, an insured
             salary defined by law and a required rate of return set annually by the Swiss government. Contributions
             from both employers and employees are compulsory and vary according to age and salary. The primary
             risk factors for this plan are longevity of plan beneficiaries, discount rate volatility for the value of the
             obligation and market risk on the assets. Under Swiss pension law, any surplus assets technically belong
             to the pension plan and any reduction in contributions is at the discretion of the Board.

       (iv) In the Netherlands, the Company provides a defined-benefit career average pay plan for a small number
             of employees. An actuary is involved in measuring the obligation of the plan. Benefits from the plan are
             paid through retirement and at death, before or during retirement, to the spouse or dependents. If a
             member of the plan leaves the Company, the member may choose to have the benefits of the plan
             transferred into the plan of the new employer. The benefit formula is based on a percentage of each
             year's pensionable salary up to a set maximum salary, less a social security offset. Benefits are
             guaranteed by an insurance company and the Company is required to pay annual premiums on the
             insurance contract based on a contract interest rate. There are no employee contributions to the plan.
             The primary risk factors for this plan are longevity of plan beneficiaries and discount rate volatility. This
             plan was frozen as of December 31, 2018, and all members were moved to a defined contribution plan.

     The most recent actuarial valuation for funding purposes for the executive defined pension plan in Canada was
     as of January 1, 2024. The next required actuarial valuation will be as of January 1, 2027. The most recent
     actuarial valuation of the two U.K. defined benefit pension plans for funding purposes were as of January 1,
     2023. The next required valuation is as of January 1, 2026.

     Wholly unfunded defined benefit obligations

     For defined benefit post-employment plans that have no assets, the Company simply funds the plans as benefits
     are paid. The primary wholly unfunded plans are in Canada, the U.S., Germany and Mexico. Details of these
     plans are as follows:




                                                                                                                    44
CCL Industries Inc.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

(In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)

20. Employee benefits (continued)

     (b) Defined benefit post-employment plans (continued)

     Wholly unfunded defined benefit obligations (continued)

         (i)     In Canada, the Company maintains non-registered, wholly unfunded supplemental retirement
                arrangements for one active Canadian executive, eight retired Canadian executives and two retired
                U.S. executives or their widows. The Company makes all required contributions to the plans. Benefits
                are based on employee earnings. An actuary is involved in measuring the obligation of the plans and
                in calculating the expense and any contributions required. The plans are closed to new members. The
                primary risk factors for these plans are longevity of plan beneficiaries and discount rate volatility.

         (ii)   In the U.S., the Company has a post-employment, wholly unfunded deferred compensation plan for
                designated executives (“NQP”). Liabilities are based strictly on the contributions made to the plan and
                an established rate of return and are not subject to actuarial adjustments. It allows executives to elect
                to defer specified portions of salary, cash bonuses and long-term incentive plan payments. The
                Company contributes a matching portion of the executive’s NQP deferred amount to a maximum of 8%
                of the executive’s base salary plus bonus. The Company may also contribute a discretionary annual
                Company contribution based on a percentage of base salary and annual bonus. Contributions to the
                NQP for one of the executives vest immediately. For the other executives, immediate vesting of
                discretionary Company contributions and interest occurs on death, disability or change of control, with
                normal vesting occurring at age 60 with 10 years' service. The Company’s matching portion and interest
                vest in the same manner as Company contributions in the 401k plan. Elective deferrals by the executive
                vest immediately.

         (iii) In Germany, the Company has several wholly unfunded defined benefit plans. There are four salary-
               based annuity plans that are closed to new members, but currently have approximately 60 active
               members. All contributions and benefits are funded by the Company. The primary risk factors for
               these plans are longevity of plan beneficiaries and discount rate volatility. There are also three cash
               balance plans for current employees. Two of those plans require the Company to match a specific
               portion of employee contributions. Upon retirement, lump sum payments are made unless an
               employee requests an annuity. The third cash balance plan has employer and employee
               contributions and pays out in three instalments upon retirement. The primary risk factor for these
               three plans is discount rate volatility.

         (iv) In Mexico, the Company has several wholly unfunded defined benefit plans. All are salary-based and
              paid out as lump sums. The Company makes all required contributions to the plans. The primary risk
              factor for these plans is discount rate volatility.

         (v) The Company also has wholly unfunded post-employment defined benefit plans in Austria, Belgium,
             France, Italy, Mexico, Oman, Saudi Arabia, Thailand and the United Arab Emirates. Benefits are paid
             out in a lump sum upon retirement, disability or death. There are no employee contributions in these
             plans. Benefits are based on salary and length of service with the Company.




                                                                                                                    45
CCL Industries Inc.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

(In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)

20. Employee benefits (continued)

     The following table shows the reconciliation from the opening balances to the closing balances for the defined
     benefit post-employment plans, including the defined benefit pension plans, supplemental retirement plans and
     other post-employment defined benefit plans.
                                                                                 Partially          Wholly
     2024                                                                                                           Total
                                                                                 Funded            Unfunded

     Accrued benefit obligation:
      Balance, beginning of year                                             $      341.8      $      249.8    $    591.6
      Opening balance from current year acquisitions                                  -                 4.0           4.0
      Current service cost                                                             1.8              6.1               7.9
       Interest cost                                                                  14.2             12.2             26.4
       Employee contributions                                                          1.4              1.5               2.9
       Benefits paid                                                                 (16.6)           (13.4)            (30.0)
       Actuarial losses – experience                                                   4.2              2.1               6.3
       Actuarial gains – demographic assumptions                                      (0.8)             -                (0.8)
      Actuarial (gains) losses – financial assumptions                               (30.7)            13.2             (17.5)
      Reinstatements and transfers                                                    12.1             (0.7)            11.4
      Effect of curtailment                                                           (1.0)             -                (1.0)
      Settlements                                                                    (10.5)             -               (10.5)
       Effect of movements in exchange rates                                          18.2              7.5             25.7

     Balance, end of year                                                    $      334.1      $      282.3    $    616.4

     Plan assets:
       Fair value, beginning of year                                         $       311.8     $        -      $    311.8
       Expected return on plan assets                                                 12.4              -               12.4
       Actuarial losses                                                               (22.7)            -               (22.7)
       Employee contributions                                                           1.4             -                 1.4
       Employer contributions                                                           6.9            13.6             20.5
       Benefits paid                                                                  (16.6)          (13.4)            (30.0)
      Administrative expenses                                                          (0.7)            -                (0.7)
      Reinstatements and transfers                                                    11.6             (0.2)            11.4
      Settlements                                                                     (10.7)            -               (10.7)
       Effect of movements in exchange rates                                          16.7              -               16.7

     Fair value, end of year                                                 $       310.1     $         -     $    310.1
     Irrecoverable surplus due to asset ceiling                              $         (0.5)   $        -      $         (0.5)
     Funded status, net deficit of plans                                     $        (24.5)   $     (282.3)   $    (306.8)

     Accrued benefit liability                                               $       (24.5)    $     (282.3)   $    (306.8)




                                                                                                                   46
CCL Industries Inc.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

(In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)

20. Employee benefits (continued)

                                                                      Partially          Wholly
     2023                                                                                                Total
                                                                      Funded            Unfunded

     Accrued benefit obligation:
      Balance, beginning of year                                  $      314.0      $      240.4    $    554.4
      Opening balance from current year acquisitions                       -                 1.4           1.4
       Current service cost                                                 2.1              5.6               7.7
      Past service cost                                                      -               0.1               0.1
       Interest cost                                                       14.0             11.1             25.1
       Employee contributions                                               1.2              1.7               2.9
       Benefits paid                                                      (16.1)           (10.2)            (26.3)
       Actuarial losses – experience                                        8.0              2.6             10.6
       Actuarial (gains) losses – demographic assumptions                  (1.9)             0.4              (1.5)
      Actuarial (gains) losses – financial assumptions                     10.7             (4.7)              6.0
      Reinstatements and transfers                                         (0.7)             0.3              (0.4)
      Effect of curtailment                                                  -              (0.1)             (0.1)
      Settlements                                                           0.1              -                 0.1
       Effect of movements in exchange rates                               10.4              1.2             11.6

     Balance, end of year                                         $      341.8      $      249.8    $    591.6

     Plan assets:
       Fair value, beginning of year                              $       298.6     $        -      $    298.6
       Expected return on plan assets                                      13.2              -               13.2
       Actuarial losses                                                     (0.6)            -                (0.6)
       Employee contributions                                                1.2             -                 1.2
       Employer contributions                                                6.3            10.6             16.9
       Benefits paid                                                       (16.1)          (10.2)            (26.3)
      Administrative expenses                                               (0.7)            -                (0.7)
      Reinstatements and transfers                                           -              (0.4)             (0.4)
      Settlements                                                           (0.1)            -                (0.1)
       Effect of movements in exchange rates                               10.0              -               10.0

     Fair value, end of year                                      $       311.8     $        -      $    311.8
     Irrecoverable surplus due to asset ceiling                   $         (1.4)   $        -      $         (1.4)
     Funded status, net deficit of plans                          $        (31.4)   $     (249.8)   $    (281.2)

     Accrued benefit liability                                    $       (31.4)    $     (249.8)   $    (281.2)




                                                                                                        47
CCL Industries Inc.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

(In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)

20. Employee benefits (continued)
    The Company’s net defined benefit plan expense is as follows:
                                                                                 Partially         Wholly
      2024                                                                                                        Total
                                                                                 Funded          Unfunded
      Current service cost                                                   $        1.8       $      6.1    $     7.9
      Net interest cost on accrued benefit liability                                  1.8             12.2         14.0
      Curtailment gain                                                               (1.0)             -           (1.0)
      Settlement loss                                                                 0.2              -            0.2
      Administration costs                                                            0.7              -            0.7
      Net defined benefit plan expense                                       $        3.5       $     18.3    $    21.8
      Net defined benefit plan expense is recorded in:
      Cost of sales                                                          $        1.2       $      1.0    $     2.2
      Selling, general and administrative expenses                                    0.3              4.0          4.3
      Restructuring and other items                                                   0.2              1.1          1.3
      Finance cost                                                                    1.8             12.2         14.0
      Net defined benefit plan expense                                       $        3.5       $     18.3    $    21.8



                                                                                 Partially         Wholly
      2023                                                                                                        Total
                                                                                 Funded          Unfunded
      Current service cost                                                   $        2.1       $      5.6    $        7.7
      Past service cost                                                               -                0.1          0.1
      Net interest cost on accrued benefit liability                                  0.8             11.1         11.9
      Curtailment gain                                                                -               (0.1)        (0.1)
      Settlement loss                                                                 0.2              -            0.2
      Administration costs                                                            0.7              -            0.7
      Net defined benefit plan expense                                       $        3.8       $     16.7    $    20.5
      Net defined benefit plan expense is recorded in:
      Cost of sales                                                          $        1.5       $      1.4    $        2.9
      Selling, general and administrative expenses                                    1.5              4.2             5.7
      Finance cost                                                                    0.8             11.1         11.9
      Net defined benefit plan expense                                       $        3.8       $     16.7    $    20.5



    Actuarial gains (losses) recognized directly in equity are as follows:

                                                                                             2024                 2023
      Actuarial losses – experience                                          $                (6.3)           $   (10.6)
      Actuarial gains – demographic assumptions                                                0.8                     1.5
      Actuarial gains (losses) – financial assumptions                                       17.5                  (6.0)
      Experience losses on plan assets                                                       (22.7)                (0.6)
      Actuarial gains – irrecoverable surplus                                                  0.9                  0.7
      Recognized during the year in other comprehensive loss                 $                (9.8)           $   (15.0)




                                                                                                                  48
CCL Industries Inc.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

(In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)

20. Employee benefits (continued)

    Plan assets consist of the following:


                                                                         Partially       Wholly
      2024                                                                                               Total
                                                                         Funded         Unfunded

      Equity securities                                                     44%             -               44%
      Debt securities                                                       40%             -               40%
      Real estate                                                             2%            -                   2%
      Other                                                                 14%             -               14%
      Total                                                                100%             -              100%

                                                                          Partially        Wholly
      2023                                                                                              Total
                                                                          Funded          Unfunded

      Equity securities                                                     38%                 -           38%
      Debt securities                                                       44%                 -           44%
      Real estate                                                             3%                -               3%
      Other                                                                 15%                 -           15%
      Total                                                                100%                 -          100%

     No plan assets are directly invested in the Company’s own shares or directly in any property occupied by, or
     other assets used by, the Company.




                                                                                                                 49
CCL Industries Inc.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

(In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)

20. Employee benefits (continued)

    The actual returns on plan assets are as follows:
                                                                             Partially          Wholly
                                                                                                                      Total
                                                                             Funded            Unfunded

      2024                                                               $      (10.3)                 $-       $     (10.3)
      2023                                                               $         12.6                $-       $      12.6

    The weighted average economic assumptions used to determine post-employment benefit obligations are as
    follows:
                                                                          Partially                  Wholly
                                                                                                                      Total
                                                                          Funded                    Unfunded
      December 31, 2024
      Discount rate                                                          4.67%                    4.07%          4.43%
      Expected rate of compensation increase                                 1.15%                    2.58%          2.26%
      December 31, 2023
      Discount rate                                                          4.15%                    4.62%          4.35%
      Expected rate of compensation increase                                 1.67%                    2.63%          2.37%

    The weighted average economic assumptions used to determine post-employment plan expenses are as follows:

                                                                          Partially                Wholly
                                                                                                                      Total
                                                                          Funded                  Unfunded
      December 31, 2024
      Discount rate                                                          4.12%                  4.60%            4.35%
      Expected rate of compensation increase                                 1.58%                  2.61%            2.38%

      December 31, 2023
      Discount rate                                                          4.45%                  4.34%            4.40%
      Expected rate of compensation increase                                 1.71%                  2.56%            2.35%

    The sensitivity analysis on the defined benefit obligation is as follows, and it is prepared by altering one
    assumption at a time and keeping the other assumptions unchanged. The resulting defined benefit obligation is
    then compared to the defined benefit obligation in the disclosures:
                                                                                          Partially                   Wholly
                                                                                          Funded                    Unfunded

      Discount rate (increase 1%)                                              $          (40.4)            $           (19.1)
      Discount rate (decrease 1%)                                              $           43.6             $            20.9
      Longevity (+1 year)                                                      $            7.5             $             8.8
      Inflation (+0.25%)                                                       $            4.9             $                 -
      Inflation (-0.25%)                                                       $            (5.4)           $                 -
      Salary (increase 1%)                                                     $            1.9             $             2.6
      Salary (decrease 1%)                                                     $            (1.4)           $            (2.5)
      Duration (years)                                                                       14                                9

The Company expects to contribute $5.3 million to the partially funded defined benefit plans and pay $18.6 million
in benefits for the wholly unfunded plans in 2025.


                                                                                                                         50
CCL Industries Inc.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

(In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)

20. Employee benefits (continued)

    (c) Long-term incentive, long-service leave, jubilee and other plans
    The Company has long-term incentive plans with share-based payments, long-service leave plans and jubilee
    plans in various countries around the world. As at December 31, 2024, $1.4 million (2023 – $0.8 million) of the
    total obligation of $20.9 million (2023 – $18.5 million) was classified as current and reported in trade and other
    payables. The expense for these plans was $22.9 million in 2024 (2023 – $37.9 million).


21. Personnel expenses

                                                                                                2024            2023
      Wages and salaries                                                            $        1,456.0    $    1,322.1
      Compulsory social security contributions                                                 174.7           159.6
      Contributions to Company-sponsored defined contribution plans                             53.3            41.3
      Net expenses related to defined benefit plans                                             21.8            20.5
      Equity-settled share-based payment transactions                                           33.7            49.7
                                                                                    $        1,739.5    $    1,593.2


22. Income tax expense

      Current tax expense                                                                    2024             2023
      Current tax on earnings before earnings in equity-
      accounted investments for the year                                            $        249.9     $     220.8

      Deferred tax expense (benefit) (note 15)
      Origination and reversal of temporary differences                             $         (8.2)    $       (6.5)
      Impact of tax rate changes                                                               0.8             (1.2)
      Recognition of previously unrecognized tax losses and deductible
      temporary differences                                                                   (4.4)          (12.4)
                                                                                            (11.8)           (20.1)
      Total income tax expense                                                      $        238.1     $     200.7




                                                                                                                 51
CCL Industries Inc.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

(In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)

22. Income tax expense (continued)

    Reconciliation of effective tax rate
                                                                                              2024          2023
     Combined Canadian federal and provincial income tax rates                               25.5%         26.5%
     The income tax expense on the Company’s earnings differs from the amount
     determined by the Company’s statutory rates as follows:
      Net earnings for the year                                                         $     843.1    $   530.2
      Add: income tax expense                                                                 238.1        200.7
      Deduct: earnings in equity-accounted investments                                         18.9         17.9
      Earnings before income tax and equity-accounted investments                           1,062.3        713.0
      Income tax using the Company’s domestic combined Canadian federal and
      provincial income tax rates                                                             259.7        202.5
      Effect of tax rates in foreign jurisdictions                                              7.6        (14.3)
      Impact of tax rate changes                                                                0.8         (1.2)
      Recognition of previously unrecognized tax losses and deductible temporary
      differences                                                                              (4.4)       (12.4)
      Losses and deductible temporary differences for which no deferred tax asset
      was recognized                                                                            2.1          2.7
      Non-deductible expenses and other items                                                 (27.7)        23.4
                                                                                       $      238.1    $   200.7
      Income tax expense (recovery) recognized directly in other
      comprehensive income

      Derivatives and foreign currency translation adjustments                         $       (6.2)   $     1.0
      Actuarial losses                                                                         (2.9)        (3.9)
      Total income tax recovery recognized directly
      in other comprehensive income                                                    $       (9.1)   $    (2.9)

   The Company is subject to income taxes in numerous jurisdictions. Significant judgement is required in
   determining the worldwide provision for income taxes. There are many transactions and calculations for which
   the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. The Company recognizes liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues
   based on estimates of whether additional taxes will be due. If the final tax outcome of these matters is different
   from the amounts that were initially recorded, such differences will impact the current and deferred income tax
   assets and liabilities in the period in which such determination is made.




                                                                                                                52
CCL Industries Inc.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

(In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)

22. Income tax expense (continued)

     Global minimum top-up tax

     The Company is subject to the global minimum top-up tax regime (“Pillar Two Rules”) in Canada under the
     Global Minimum Tax Act. The Pillar Two Rules aim to ensure that large multinational enterprises pay a minimum
     tax of 15% on the income arising in each jurisdiction in which they operate. The Company recognized a current
     expense of $0.4 million related to top-up tax under Pillar Two tax legislation (2023 – nil).

     The Company has adopted International Tax Reform – Pillar Two Model Rules (Amendments to IAS 12). These
     amendments provide temporary mandatory relief from deferred tax accounting for the impacts of the top-up tax
     and will account for it as a current tax when it is incurred.

     Many jurisdictions have enacted new tax legislation to implement a qualified domestic minimum top-up tax
     (QDMTT), effective in either 2024 or 2025. The Company operates in numerous jurisdictions that have adopted
     the QDMTT. As such, where applicable, the Company’s subsidiaries will be liable for the top-up tax in relation
     to their operations in those jurisdictions instead of the Company.


23. Share-based payments
    For options and share awards granted for stock-based compensation, $33.7 million (2023 – $49.5 million) was
    recognized in the consolidated financial statements as an expense, with a corresponding offset to contributed
    surplus.
    At December 31, 2024, the Company had five share-based compensation plans, which are described below:

   (a) Employee stock option plan
    Under the employee stock option plan, the Company may grant options to employees, officers and directors of the
    Company. The Company does not grant options to independent directors. The exercise price of each option
    equals the closing market price of the Class B non-voting shares on the last trading day prior to the grant date
    of the option, and an option's maximum term is 10 years. Options vest 25% one year from the grant date and 25% each
    subsequent year. The term of these options is five years from the grant date. In general, the grants are conditional
    upon continued employment. No market conditions affect vesting. Granted options are not entitled to dividends and
    may not be transferred or assigned by the option holder. In 2024 and 2023, stock option grants were not awarded.

    A summary of the status of the Company’s employee stock option plan as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, and
    changes during the years ended on those dates, is presented below:
                                                                                        2024                                 2023
                                                                                   Weighted                             Weighted
                                                               Shares                Average       Shares                Average
                                                           (in millions)       Exercise Price   (in millions)       Exercise Price
    Outstanding at beginning of year                               0.1     $           55.73           1.3      $           61.64
    Exercised                                                     (0.1)                55.73          (0.5)                 55.73
    Forfeited                                                      -                      -           (0.7)                 66.87
    Outstanding at end of year                                     -       $              -            0.1      $           55.73
    Options exercisable at end of year                             -       $              -            0.1      $           55.73

    The weighted average share price of stock options exercised in 2024 was $69.25 (2023 – $64.23).




                                                                                                                             53
CCL Industries Inc.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

(In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)

23. Share-based payments (continued)

   (b) Deferred share units (“DSU”)

    The Company maintains a deferred share unit plan. Under this plan, non-employee members of the
    Company’s Board of Directors may elect to receive DSUs, in lieu of cash remuneration, for director fees that
    would otherwise be payable to such directors, or any portion thereof, until DSU holdings of a prescribed limit
    have been achieved. In addition, director compensation includes an annual grant of DSUs. The number of
    units received is equivalent to the fees earned and is based on the fair market value of a Class B non -voting
    share of the Company on the date of issue of the DSU. When dividends are paid on Class B non-voting
    shares of the Company, the equivalent value per DSU is calculated and the holder receives additional DSUs
    in lieu of actual cash dividends based on the fair market value of a Class B non-voting share of the Company.
    DSUs cannot be redeemed or paid out until such time as the director ceases to be a director. A DSU entitles
    the holder to receive, on a deferred payment basis, the number of Class B non-voting shares of the Company
    equating to the number of the holder’s DSUs on the redemption date. The Company accounts for the DSU
    plan as an equity-settled share-based payment transaction.
    The Company had 0.3 million DSUs outstanding as at December 31, 2024.

   (c) Performance stock units (“PSU”)

    In 2024, the Company introduced a performance stock unit plan. Under the plan, participants may be eligible
    to receive a maximum of approximately 1.4 million Class B non-voting shares of the Company to be issued
    from treasury. The vesting of these shares is dependent on the Company’s performance and continuing
    employment. The grant-date fair value of these shares is amortized over the vesting period and recognized
    as compensation expense.
    The 2019 PSU plan vested in the current year resulting in the issuance of approximately 1.2 million Class
    B non-voting shares of the Company.

   (d) Long-term retention plan (“LTRP”)

    In 2017, the Company instituted a long-term retention plan. Under the plan, the Company provided a one -
    time retention incentive to executives totaling 0.3 million restricted share units (“RSU”). The incentive vests
    25% in each year beginning in 2022 and ending in 2025, inclusive.
    In 2019, under the aforementioned long-term retention plan, the Company provided a one-time retention
    incentive to additional executives totaling 0.1 million RSUs. The incentive vests 25% in each year beginning
    in 2024 and ending in 2027, inclusive.
    Each RSU is equivalent to one Class B non-voting share of the Company, to be issued from treasury. The
    Company had 0.2 million RSUs outstanding under this plan as at December 31, 2024.

   (e) Other restricted share units

    In 2020, the Company established the restricted share unit plan. Each unit is equivalent to one Class B
    non-voting share of the Company. Current units vest 25% one year from the grant date and 25% each
    subsequent year. The term of these units is four years from the grant date, and will be settled through
    equity. The grants are conditional upon continued employment. No market conditions affect vesting.
    Granted units are not entitled to dividends and may not be transferred or assigned by the unitholder.
    The Company had 0.5 million restricted share units outstanding under this plan as at December 31, 2024.



                                                                                                              54
CCL Industries Inc.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

(In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)

24. Financial instruments

    (a) Hedges of net investments in foreign operations

    US$123.8 million (2023 – US$123.8 million) of unsecured 144A 3.25% private notes, US$191.5 million (2023 –
    US$191.5 million) of unsecured 144A 3.05% private notes and nil (2023 – US$ nil) of the unsecured syndicated
    bank credit facilities (hedging items) have been used to hedge the Company’s exposure to its net investment in
    US-dollar-denominated operations (hedged items), with a view to reducing foreign exchange fluctuations. The
    foreign exchange effect of the unsecured 144A 3.25% private notes, the unsecured 144A 3.05% private notes,
    the unsecured syndicated bank credit facilities and the net investment in US-dollar-denominated subsidiaries
    is reported in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in the consolidated statement of financial
    position. These have been and continue to be 100% fully effective hedges as the notional amounts of the
    hedging items equal the portion of the net investment balance being hedged. No ineffectiveness was
    recognized in the consolidated income statement in 2024 or 2023.

    Unsecured syndicated bank credit facilities (hedging item) of €211.5 million (2023 – €201.0 million) were used
    to hedge the Company’s exposure to its net investment in self-sustaining euro-denominated operations (hedged
    items) with a view to reducing foreign exchange fluctuations. The foreign exchange effect of both the unsecured
    syndicated bank credit facilities and the net investment in euro-denominated subsidiaries was reported in other
    comprehensive income (loss) in the consolidated statement of financial position. This was a 100% fully effective
    hedge as the notional amount of the hedging item equalled the portion of the net investment balance being
    hedged. No ineffectiveness was recognized in the consolidated income statement in 2024 or 2023.

    In February 2017, the Company converted US$264.7 million of the 144A 3.25% private notes (note 18) into
    €250.0 million 1.23% fixed rate debt using CCIRSAs (hedging items). In February 2018, a further US$111.5
    million of the 144A 3.25% private notes (note 18) were converted into €90.0 million 1.16% fixed rate debt using
    CCIRSAs. In June 2020, US$204.6 million and US$203.9 million of the 144A 3.05% private notes (note 18)
    were converted into €180.0 million 2.06% fixed rate debt and €180.0 million 2.00% fixed rate debt, respectively,
    using CCIRSAs. Each of these conversions was to hedge the Company’s euro-based assets and cash flows.
    Fair value of these CCIRSAs was recorded in non-current liabilities when negative in value and non-current
    assets when positive in value. The offset was recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in
    the consolidated statement of financial position. These have all been, and continue to be, 100% fully effective
    hedges as the notional amounts of the hedging items equal the portion of the net investment balance being
    hedged. No ineffectiveness was recognized in the consolidated income statement in 2024 or 2023.




                                                                                                               55
CCL Industries Inc.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

(In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)

24. Financial instruments (continued)
    (a) Hedges of net investments in foreign operations (continued)
                                                                            Fair Value
      Notional Principal Amount             Interest Rate
                                                                           December 31

       Fixed Rate       Fixed Rate Received (US$)     Paid (€)     2024 (C$)             2023 (C$)                 Maturity       Effective Date
     US$105.8 million €100.0 million    3.25%         1.24%        $3.1 million         $(4.5) million       October 1, 2026 February 28, 2017
      US$84.8 million   €80.0 million   3.25%         1.20%        $2.2 million         $(3.3) million       October 1, 2026 February 28, 2017
      US$42.3 million   €40.0 million   3.25%         1.21%        $1.3 million         $(1.8) million       October 1, 2026 February 28, 2017
      US$31.8 million   €30.0 million   3.25%         1.29%        $0.9 million         $(1.4) million       October 1, 2026 February 28, 2017
      US$62.1 million   €50.0 million   3.25%         1.16%       $14.8 million          $9.9 million        October 1, 2026 February 21, 2018
      US$49.4 million   €40.0 million   3.25%         1.15%       $11.0 million          $7.5 million        October 1, 2026 February 22, 2018
     US$125.0 million €110.0 million    3.05%         2.06%        $7.0 million          $0.3 million         June 1, 2030        June 10, 2020
      US$79.6 million   €70.0 million   3.05%         2.06%        $4.8 million                    nil        June 1, 2030        June 10, 2020
      US$68.0 million   €60.0 million   3.05%         2.00%        $3.8 million          $0.2 million         June 1, 2030        June 23, 2020
      US$45.3 million   €40.0 million   3.05%         2.00%        $2.7 million                    nil        June 1, 2030        June 23, 2020
      US$45.3 million   €40.0 million   3.05%         2.01%        $2.7 million          $0.1 million         June 1, 2030        June 23, 2020
      US$45.3 million   €40.0 million   3.05%         2.01%        $2.7 million                    nil        June 1, 2030        June 23, 2020


    (b) Credit risk
    Exposure to credit risk
    The carrying amount of financial assets represents the maximum credit exposure. The maximum exposure to
    credit risk at the reporting date was as follows:

                                                                                      December 31, 2024                   December 31, 2023
        Cash and cash equivalents                                                 $                      828.7       $                 774.2
        Trade and other receivables                                                                 1,251.4                          1,089.3
        Other assets                                                                                      28.1                          21.9
        Derivative instruments                                                                            57.1                          18.1
                                                                                  $                 2,165.3          $               1,903.5

    The aging of trade receivables at the reporting date was as follows:

                                                                                      December 31, 2024                   December 31, 2023
        Under 31 days                                                          $                         628.8       $                583.7
        Between 31 and 90 days                                                                           393.7                        353.1
        Greater than 90 days                                                                              80.3                          67.1
                                                                               $                   1,102.8           $              1,003.9

    The movement in the allowance for impairment in respect of trade receivables during the year was as follows:

                                                                                                          2024                         2023
        Balance at January 1                                                      $                       19.2        $                 17.7
        (Decrease) increase during the year                                                                (2.5)                         1.5
        Balance at December 31                                                    $                       16.7        $                 19.2

    The Company believes that no impairment allowance is necessary in respect of trade receivables not past due.


                                                                                                                                        56
CCL Industries Inc.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

(In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)

24. Financial instruments (continued)
    (c) Liquidity risk
    Exposure to liquidity risk
    The following are the contractual maturities of financial liabilities, including estimated interest payments and
    excluding the impact of netting agreements:
                                December 31,                                             December 31, 2024
                                       2023                                                        Payments Due by Period
                                    Carrying          Carrying    Contractual           0–6      6–12       1–2            2–5                  More Than
                                     Amount           Amount      Cash Flows          Months   Months      Years          Years                   5 Years
    Non-derivative financial
    liabilities
       Secured bank loans       $           0.1   $        0.1    $       0.1     $       -       $     0.1    $     -      $        -      $        -
       Unsecured bank loans                 7.0            3.6            3.6             1.0           0.9          1.4             0.3             -
       Unsecured
       144A 3.25% private
       notes                             659.6           717.6          719.2              -             -         719.2             -               -
       Unsecured 144A
       3.05% private notes               788.7           858.1          863.0              -             -           -               -             863.0
       Unsecured
       3.864% Series 1 Notes             299.1           299.3          300.0              -             -           -            300.0              -

       Unsecured syndicated
       bank credit facility              307.0           347.8          348.9             -              -           -            348.9              -
       Other long-term
       obligations                         13.2           10.2           10.2             2.2            -           -               8.0             -
       Interest on unsecured
       bank credit facilities                 *               *          31.9*            7.2           7.4        14.9              2.4             -

       Interest on 144A 3.25%
       private notes                          *               *          40.9*            5.9         11.7         23.3              -                  -

       Interest on 144A 3.05%
       private notes                          *               *         142.6*           11.0         13.1          26.3           79.0             13.2

       Interest on unsecured
       3.864% Series 1 Notes                  *               *          38.1*            3.3           5.8         11.6           17.4              -

       Interest on other
       long-term debt                         *               *           1.3             0.1            -           -               1.2             -

       Trade and other
       payables                        1,329.5         1,416.9        1,416.9*        1,416.9            -           -               -               -
    Accrued post-
    employment benefit
    liabilities                               *               *         289.0*            2.7           2.7         35.8           91.8            156.0

    Lease liabilities                    207.7           210.9          246.0            25.6          24.9         42.0           73.0             80.5
    Total contractual cash
    obligations                 $      3,611.9    $    3,864.5    $   4,451.7     $ 1,475.9       $    66.6    $   874.5    $     922.0     $     1,112.7

   * Accrued long-term employee benefit and post-employment benefit liability of $20.0 million, accrued interest of $10.9 million on unsecured notes,
   unsecured bonds and unsecured syndicated credit facilities, and accrued interest of $2.4 million on derivatives are reported in trade and other
   payables in 2024 (2023: $17.2 million, $10.1 million and $2.4 million, respectively).




                                                                                                                                           57
CCL Industries Inc.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

(In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)

24. Financial instruments (continued)

    (d) Currency risk

    Exposure to currency risk

    The Company’s exposure to foreign currency risk was as follows based on notional amounts:

                                                      December 31, 2024                       December 31, 2023

                                                                    U.K.                 U.S.           U.K.
                                            U.S. Dollar           Pound      Euro       Dollar        Pound        Euro
       Cash and cash equivalents                  207.3             29.6    107.5       157.6          14.4        146.1
       Trade and other receivables                335.8             24.2    192.7       317.7          28.5        177.4
       Trade and other payables                   334.3             31.5    212.7       335.0          27.4        239.4
       Long-term debt                             322.4               -     913.9       325.1             -        905.9

    Sensitivity analysis

    A 5% weakening of the Canadian dollar, as indicated below, against the following currencies at December 31
    would have increased (decreased) equity and income by the amounts shown below. This analysis assumes that
    all other variables; in particular, interest rates, remain constant.

                                                                              Equity                    Income Statement
                                                                           2024        2023           2024         2023
        Euro                                                               (43.3)      (42.3)          (1.7)         0.2
        U.S. dollar                                                        (21.9)      (20.3)           4.8          4.0
        U.K. pound                                                          28.5       26.7             0.2          0.4

    A 5% strengthening of the Canadian dollar against the above currencies at December 31 would have had the
    equal but opposite effect on the above currencies to the amounts shown above, on the basis that all other
    variables remain constant.

    (e) Interest rate risk

    An increase of 100 basis points in interest rates on the floating rate debt and cash equivalents as at the reporting
    date would increase net earnings by $4.8 million (2023 – $4.6 million increase). This analysis assumes that all
    other variables; in particular, foreign currency rates, remain constant.




                                                                                                                   58
CCL Industries Inc.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

(In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)

24. Financial instruments (continued)

    (f) Fair values versus carrying amounts

    The fair values of financial assets and liabilities, together with the carrying amounts shown in the consolidated
    statement of financial position, are as follows:

                                                                  December 31, 2024                      December 31, 2023
                                                               Carrying                                Carrying
                                                               Amount             Fair Value           Amount            Fair Value
        Assets carried at fair value:

        Other assets                                       $         28.1     $           28.1     $          21.9   $          21.9
        Derivative financial assets                                  57.1                 57.1                18.1              18.1
                                                           $         85.2     $           85.2     $          40.0   $          40.0

        Assets carried at amortized cost:
        Trade and other receivables                        $       1,251.4    $        1,251.4     $       1,089.3   $       1,089.3
        Cash and cash equivalents                                   828.7                828.7               774.2             774.2
                                                           $       2,080.1    $        2,080.1     $       1,863.5   $       1,863.5
        Liabilities carried at fair value:
        Derivative financial liabilities                   $              -   $                -   $          11.0   $          11.0
                                                           $              -   $                -   $          11.0   $          11.0

        Liabilities carried at amortized cost:
        Trade and other payables                           $       1,416.9    $        1,416.9     $       1,329.5   $       1,329.5
        Unsecured 144A 3.25% private notes                          717.6                698.8               659.6             630.3
        Unsecured 144A 3.05% private notes                          858.1                772.9               788.7             692.4
        Unsecured 3.864% Series 1 Notes                             299.3                299.7               299.1             288.8
        Unsecured syndicated bank credit facilities                 347.8                347.8               307.0             307.0
        Other loans                                                  13.9                 13.9                20.3              20.3
                                                           $      3,653.6     $        3,550.0     $       3,404.2   $       3,268.3

    The basis for determining fair values is disclosed in note 3.

    The interest rates used to discount estimated cash flows for the unsecured notes are based on the government
    yield curve at the reporting date, plus an adequate credit spread.




                                                                                                                                59
CCL Industries Inc.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

(In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)

24. Financial instruments (continued)

    (g) Fair value hierarchy

    The table below summarizes the levels of hierarchy for financial assets and liabilities.

    The different levels have been defined as follows:

    •         Level 1: quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;
    •        Level 2: inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are observable for the asset or liability,
             either directly (i.e., as prices) or indirectly (i.e., derived from prices); and
    •        Level 3: inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).
                                                              Level 1              Level 2          Level 3                Total
            December 31, 2024
            Other assets                                $         28.1       $           -    $            -       $        28.1
            Derivative financial assets                              -                57.1                 -                57.1
            Long-term debt                                           -           (2,133.1)                 -           (2,133.1)
                                                        $         28.1       $   (2,076.0)    $            -       $   (2,047.9)

                                                              Level 1              Level 2           Level 3              Total
            December 31, 2023
            Other assets                                $         21.9       $            -   $                -   $       21.9
            Derivative financial assets                              -                18.1                     -           18.1
            Long-term debt                                           -            (1,938.8)                    -       (1,938.8)
            Derivative financial liabilities                         -               (11.0)                    -          (11.0)
                                                        $         21.9       $    (1,931.7)   $                -   $   (1,909.8)

     The methods and assumptions used to measure the fair value are as follows:
     The fair value of derivative financial instruments generally reflects the estimated amounts that the Company
     would receive to sell favourable contracts or pay to transfer unfavourable contracts, at the reporting date. The
     Company uses discounted cash flow analysis and market data such as interest rates, credit spreads and foreign
     exchange spot rates to estimate the fair value of forward agreements and interest-rate derivatives.
     The fair value of long-term debt is estimated using public quotations, when available, or discounted cash flow
     analysis based on the current corresponding borrowing rate for similar types of borrowing arrangements.

25. Financial risk management

        The Company has exposure to the following risks from its use of financial instruments:

        •       credit risk;
        •       liquidity risk; and
        •       market risk.

     This note presents information about the Company’s exposure to each of the above risks, the Company’s
     objectives, policies and processes for measuring and managing risk, and the Company’s management of
     capital. Further quantitative disclosures are included throughout these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                                           60
CCL Industries Inc.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

(In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)

25. Financial risk management (continued)

     The Company’s risk management policies are established to identify and analyze the risks faced by the
     Company, to set appropriate risk limits and controls, and to monitor risks and adherence to limits. Risk
     management policies and systems are reviewed regularly to reflect changes in market conditions and the
     Company’s activities. The Company, through its training and management standards and procedures, aims to
     develop a disciplined and constructive control environment in which all employees understand their roles and
     obligations.

     (a) Credit risk

     Credit risk is the risk of financial loss to the Company if a customer or counterparty to a financial instrument
     fails to meet its contractual obligations, and it arises principally from the Company’s receivables from customers
     and investment securities.

     The Company has established a credit policy under which each new customer is analyzed individually for
     creditworthiness before the Company’s payment and delivery terms and conditions are offered. The Company’s
     review includes external ratings, where available, and in some cases bank references. Purchase limits are
     established for each customer, which represent the maximum open amount without requiring approval from
     senior management; these limits are reviewed quarterly. Customers that fail to meet the Company’s benchmark
     creditworthiness may transact with the Company only on a prepayment basis.

     The Company is potentially exposed to credit risk arising from derivative financial instruments if a counterparty
     fails to meet its obligations. These counterparties are large international financial institutions, and, to date, no
     such counterparty has failed to meet its financial obligations to the Company. As at December 31, 2024, the
     Company’s exposure to credit risk arising from derivative financial instruments amounted to $62.8 million (2023
     – $21.1 million).

     (b) Liquidity risk

     Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will not be able to meet its financial obligations as they fall due. The
     Company manages liquidity by monitoring expected cash flows and to ensure the availability of credit as much
     as possible, that it will always have sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities when they are due. The financial
     obligations of the Company include trade and other payables, long-term debt and other long-term items. The
     contractual maturity of trade payables is six months or less. Long-term debt includes instruments with varying
     maturities extending to 2030. The Company has the capacity to discharge its current liabilities from the
     continued cash flows from business operations, an additional $828.7 million of cash on hand and US$956.7
     million of available capacity within its syndicated bank credit facility at December 31, 2024.

     (c) Market risk

     Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices, such as foreign exchange rates, interest rates and
     commodity prices, will affect the Company’s income or the value of its holdings of financial instruments. The
     objective of market risk management is to manage and control market risk exposures within acceptable
     parameters, while optimizing the return.

     The Company uses derivatives to manage market risks. Generally, the Company seeks to apply hedge
     accounting in order to manage volatility in profit or loss. The Company does not utilize derivative financial
     instruments for speculative purposes.



                                                                                                                   61
CCL Industries Inc.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

(In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)

25. Financial risk management (continued)

     (c) Market risk (continued)

     (i) Currency risk

     The Company operates internationally, giving rise to exposure to market risks from changes in foreign
     exchange rates. The Company partially manages these exposures by contracting primarily in Canadian dollars,
     euros, U.K. pounds and U.S. dollars. Additionally, each subsidiary’s sales and expenses are primarily
     denominated in its local currency, further minimizing the foreign exchange impact on the operating results.

     In other cases, borrowings are done by non-Canadian-dollar-based subsidiaries in their own functional
     currencies such that the principal and interest are denominated in a currency that matches the cash flows
     generated by those subsidiaries. These provide natural hedges that do not require the application of hedge
     accounting.

     (ii) Interest rate risk

     The Company is exposed to market risk related to interest rate fluctuations on its debt. To mitigate this risk, the
     Company maintains a combination of fixed and floating rate debt.

     (iii) Commodity price risk

     Polypropylene is the most significant input cost for the Innovia Segment. It is traded in the market, with prices
     linked to the market price of natural gas and refining capacity. The Segment does not use derivative financial
     instruments to hedge its exposure to the volatility of polypropylene prices; therefore, movements must be
     managed and, where possible, passed along to the Segment’s customers.

     (d) Capital management

     The Company’s objective is to maintain a strong capital base throughout the economic cycle to maintain
     investor, creditor and market confidence and to sustain the future development of the business. This capital
     structure supports the Company’s objective to provide an attractive financial return to its shareholders equal to
     that of its leading specialty packaging peers.

     The Company defines capital as average total equity and measures the return on capital (or return on equity)
     by dividing annual net earnings before goodwill impairment loss, revaluation gain, and restructuring and other
     items by the average of the beginning and the end-of-year shareholders’ equity. In 2024, the return on capital
     was 15.5% (2023 – 15.0%).

     Management and the Board maintain a balance between the expected higher return on capital that might be
     possible with a higher level of financial debt and the advantages and security afforded by a lower level of
     financial leverage.

     The Company has provided a growing level of dividends to its shareholders over the last few years, generally
     related to its growth in earnings. Dividends are declared bearing in mind the Company’s current earnings, cash
     flow and financial leverage.




                                                                                                                  62
CCL Industries Inc.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

(In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)

25. Financial risk management (continued)

    (d) Capital management (continued)

    There were no changes in the Company’s approach to capital management during the year.

    The Company is subject to certain financial covenants on its unsecured syndicated bank credit facility. The
    Company monitors the ratios on a quarterly basis and at December 31, 2024, was in compliance with all its
    covenants.

26. Commitments and contingencies

    (a) Commitments

    As at December 31, 2024, the Company had uncollateralized surety bonds of $26.0 million (2023 – $56.7
    million), primarily to the Brazilian Tax Authority in order to facilitate the appeal of tax reassessments. The
    Company intends to vigorously defend these claims, which the Company considers to be without merit and,
    accordingly, has made no provision for the matter.

    (b) Contingencies

    In the normal course of operations, the Company and its subsidiaries may be subject to lawsuits, investigations
    and other claims, including environmental, labour, product, customer disputes and other matters.

    In the first quarter of 2019, a hearing on a jurisdictional issue was heard in respect of a lawsuit launched in 2011
    by Benoy Berry and a company controlled by him, Global Secure Currency Ltd. (collectively “Berry”), in Nigerian
    Federal Court against CCL Secure Pty Ltd. (formerly Innovia Security Pty Ltd.) (“ISPL”), and Innovia Films Ltd.
    (collectively “IFL”), as well as other defendants not affiliated with ISPL. The court denied IFL’s motion to dismiss
    the lawsuit on the jurisdictional issue. IFL is appealing that decision to the highest appeals court in Nigeria. The
    lawsuit alleges that IFL and the co-defendants committed to build a banknote substrate plant in Nigeria and
    Berry seeks an order requiring IFL and the co-defendants to build the plant or in lieu thereof, grant an award of
    total damages in the amount of €1.5 billion ($2.2 billion). IFL intends to vigorously defend this claim, which the
    Company considers to be without merit and accordingly, the Company has made no provision for the matter.

    Management believes that adequate provisions for legal claims have been recorded in the accounts where
    required. Although it is not always possible to accurately estimate the result or magnitude of legal claims due to
    the various uncertainties involved in the legal process, management believes that the ultimate resolution of all
    such pending matters, individually and in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse impact on the Company,
    its business, financial position or liquidity.




                                                                                                                  63
CCL Industries Inc.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

(In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)

27. Related parties

    (a) Beneficial ownership
    The directors and officers of CCL Industries Inc. as a group beneficially own, control, or direct, directly or
    indirectly, approximately 11.2 million of the issued and outstanding Class A voting shares, representing 95.4%
    of the issued and outstanding Class A voting shares.

    (b) Loan guarantees
    The Company previously provided various loan guarantees for its joint ventures and associates. As these were
    fully repaid in July 2023, there are currently no loans at its joint ventures and associates that are guaranteed by
    the Company (2023 – $nil).

28. Key management personnel compensation

                                                                                                 2024             2023
      Short-term employee compensation and benefits                                         $     12.5    $         8.1
      Share-based compensation                                                                    15.8             22.7
      Post-employment benefits                                                                     1.0              1.0
                                                                                            $     29.3    $        31.8

29. Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)

                                                                                                 2024             2023

      Unrealized foreign currency translation gains (losses), net of tax
      recovery of $8.7 million (2023 – tax recovery of $2.5 million)                    $        79.3     $     (111.6)
      Gains on derivatives designated as cash flow hedges, net of tax
      expense of $nil (2023 – tax expense of $nil)                                                 0.2            0.2
                                                                                        $        79.5     $     (111.4)




                                                                                                                 64
CCL Industries Inc.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

(In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)

30. Restructuring and other items
                                                                                                  2024             2023
        Restructuring costs                                                                $        3.3    $        41.1
        Acquisition costs                                                                           2.2              1.7
        Total restructuring and other items                                                $        5.5    $        42.8

For the full year 2024, restructuring costs and other items represented an expense of $5.5 million ($4.8 million after
tax) as follows:
    •    Restructuring expenses of $3.3 million ($2.6 million after tax), primarily related to severance charges in the
         CCL Segment.
    •    Acquisition transaction costs totaled $2.2 million ($2.2 million after tax), associated with the Pacman
         acquisition.
For the full year 2023, restructuring costs and other items represented an expense of $42.8 million ($41.2 million
after tax) as follows:
    •    Restructuring expenses of $41.1 million ($39.5 million after tax), primarily related to severance and
         reorganization costs largely across Innovia, CCL Segment and Checkpoint.
    •    Acquisition transaction costs totaled $1.7 million ($1.7 million after tax), for the eight acquisitions closed in
         2023.

31. Subsequent event

Prior to the release of the 2024 annual consolidated financial statements, the Company announced the following:
    •    The Board of Directors has declared a dividend of $0.32 per Class B non-voting share and $0.3175 per
         Class A voting share, which will be payable to shareholders of record at the close of business on March 17,
         2025, to be paid on March 31, 2025.




                                                                                                                    65
                   MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

                   YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024 AND 2023
(TABULAR AMOUNTS IN MILLIONS OF CANADIAN DOLLARS, EXCEPT PER SHARE
                               DATA)

This Management’s Discussion and Analysis of the financial condition and results of
operations (“MD&A”) of CCL Industries Inc. (“the Company”) relates to the years
ended December 31, 2024 and 2023. In preparing this MD&A, the Company has
taken into account information available until February 20, 2025, unless otherwise
noted. This MD&A should be read in conjunction with the Company’s December 31,
2024, annual consolidated financial statements, which form part of the CCL
Industries Inc. 2024 Annual Report dated February 20, 2025. The consolidated
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial
Reporting Standards (“IFRS”), and, unless otherwise noted, both the financial
statements and this MD&A are expressed in Canadian dollars as the presentation
currency. The major measurement currencies of the Company’s operations are the
Canadian dollar, U.S. dollar, euro, Argentine peso, Australian dollar, Bangladeshi
taka, Brazilian real, Chilean peso, Chinese renminbi, Danish krone, Egyptian pound,
Hong Kong dollar, Hungarian forint, Indian rupee, Israeli shekel, Japanese yen,
Malaysian ringgit, Mexican peso, Moroccan dirham, New Zealand dollar, Omani rial,
Philippine peso, Polish zloty, Russian ruble, Saudi riyal, Singaporean dollar, South
African rand, South Korean won, Swiss franc, Thai baht, Turkish lira, United Arab
Emirates dirham, U.K. pound sterling and Vietnamese dong. All per Class B non-
voting share (“Class B share”) amounts in this document are expressed on an
undiluted basis, unless otherwise indicated. The Company’s Audit Committee and
its Board of Directors (the “Board”) have reviewed this MD&A to ensure consistency
with the approved strategy and results of the business.

Additional information relating to the Company, including the Company’s Annual
Information Form, is available on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca or on the Company’s
website www.cclind.com.



                                          INDEX

1. Corporate Overview
    A)   The Company                              B) Customers and Markets
    C)   Strategy and Financial Targets           D) Recent Acquisitions and Dispositions
    E)   Subsequent Event                         F) Consolidated Annual Financial Results
    G)   Seasonality and Fourth Quarter
           Financial Results

2. Business Segment Review
    A)   General                                  B) CCL Segment
    C)   Avery                                    D) Checkpoint
    E)   Innovia                                  F) Joint Ventures



                                              1
3. Financing and Risk Management
    A)   Liquidity and Capital Resources         B) Cash Flow
    C)   Interest Rate, Foreign Exchange         D) Equity and Dividends
         Management and Other Hedges
    E)   Commitments and Other Contractual       F) Controls and Procedures
         Obligations

4. Risks and Uncertainties

5. Accounting Policies and Non-IFRS Measures
    A)   Key Performance Indicators and          B) Accounting Policies
         Non-IFRS Measures
    C)   Critical Accounting Estimates           D) Related Party Transactions


6. Outlook

Forward-Looking Information This MD&A contains forward-looking information
and forward-looking statements, as defined under applicable securities laws
(hereinafter collectively referred to as “forward-looking statements”) that involve a
number of risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements include all
statements that are predictive in nature or depend on future events or conditions.
Forward-looking statements are typically identified by, but not limited to, the words
“believes,” “expects,” “anticipates,” “estimates,” “intends,” “plans” or similar
expressions. Statements regarding the operations, business, financial condition,
priorities, ongoing objectives, strategies and outlook of the Company, other than
statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements. Specifically, this MD&A
contains forward-looking statements regarding the anticipated growth in sales,
income and profitability of the Company’s segments; the Company’s improvement
in market share; the Company’s capital spending levels and planned capital
expenditures in 2025; the adequacy of the Company’s financial liquidity; the
Company’s targeted return on equity, improved return on total capital, adjusted
earnings per share, adjusted EBITDA growth rates and dividend payout; the
Company’s effective tax rate; the Company’s ongoing business strategy; the
Company’s ability to maintain a Net Debt to Adjusted EBITDA ratio below 3.5 times;
the Company’s expectations regarding general business and economic conditions;
the Company’s Corporate Social Responsibility initiative to enhance the integration
of social and environmental objectives into its business operations and strategy; the
Company’s expectation to achieve its overall environmental footprint and waste
reduction goals for 2025 and 2030; the Company’s ability to successfully deploy
initiatives that reduce the carbon footprint of its products and services; the continuing
impact the conflicts in Europe and the Middle East will have on the global economy
and the global supply chain; the Company’s success in passing on foreign exchange
movements and input cost changes, including inflationary costs, to its customer
base; the Company’s expectation to reduce absolute Scope 1 and 2 emissions 50%
by 2032; the Company’s expectation that it will engage its suppliers to set science-
based targets by 2030; the Company’s expectation to reach net-zero greenhouse
gas emissions across the value chain by 2050; the Company’s expectation to reduce
absolute greenhouse gas emissions from Scopes 1, 2 and select Scope 3 categories
90% by 2050; the expectation that Checkpoint will take its share of the rapidly

                                             2
expanding RFID market; the expectation that Innovia will successfully complete
construction and commence commercial operation of its new film manufacturing
facility in Germany in the first half of 2025; the expectation that Innovia will
successfully consolidate the production from the closure of the Belgium facility into
its facilities in the U.K. and Australia; the expectation that the CCL Segment’s
capacity and technology investments in 2024 and 2025 will position it for growth and
improved profitability in the coming years; the expectation that new business wins
for CCL Secure’s polymer bank note substrate will drive improved sales volume
especially in the first half of 2025; the expectation that Avery’s direct-to-consumer
businesses, plus horticultural operations, will outpace legacy product lines and that
further “tuck-in” acquisitions are possible; Checkpoint’s expectation that there will be
strong demand for RFID-related products, including products beyond retail, and that
Checkpoint’s new RFID inlay facility in Mexico will position the Segment to be a
leader in North America; Checkpoint’s expectation that core MAS and ALS apparel
production categories will grow and improve profitability in 2025; Innovia’s
expectation that the new “EcoFloat” shrink film line in Poland will continue to add
volume in 2025, and new coating lines in Mexico and the U.K. will add new product
depth; the expectation that Innovia will improve 2025 results compared to 2024.

Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. They involve
known and unknown risks and uncertainties relating to future events and conditions,
including, but not limited to, the impact of competition; consumer confidence and
spending preferences; general economic and geopolitical conditions; currency
exchange rates; interest rates and credit availability; technological change; changes
in government regulations; risks associated with operating and product hazards; and
the Company’s ability to attract and retain qualified employees. Do not unduly rely
on forward-looking statements as the Company’s actual results could differ
materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements. Forward-
looking statements are also based on a number of assumptions, which may prove
to be incorrect, including, but not limited to, assumptions about the following: higher
consumer spending; increased customer demand for the Company’s products;
continued historical growth trends, market growth in specific segments and entering
into new segments; the Company’s ability to provide a wide range of products to
multinational customers on a global basis; the benefits of the Company’s focused
strategies and operational approach; the Company’s ability to implement its
acquisition strategy and successfully integrate acquired businesses; the
achievement of the Company’s plans for improved efficiency and lower costs,
including the ability to pass on polypropylene resin, aluminum and other inflationary
cost increases to its customers; the availability of cash and credit; fluctuations of
currency exchange rates; the Company’s continued relations with its customers; and
general business and economic conditions. Should one or more risks materialize or
should any assumptions prove incorrect, then actual results could vary materially
from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Further details
on key risks can be found throughout this report and particularly in Section 4: “Risks
and Uncertainties.”




                                           3
Except as otherwise indicated, forward-looking statements do not take into account
the effect that transactions or non-recurring or other special items announced or
occurring after the statements are made may have on the business. Such statements
do not, unless otherwise specified by the Company, reflect the impact of dispositions,
sales of assets, monetizations, mergers, acquisitions, other business combinations
or transactions, asset write-downs or other charges announced or occurring after
forward-looking statements are made. The financial impact of these transactions and
non-recurring and other special items can be complex and depends on the facts
particular to each of them; therefore, the financial impact cannot be described in a
meaningful way in advance of knowing the specific facts.

The forward-looking statements are provided as of the date of this MD&A and the
Company does not assume any obligation to update or revise the forward-looking
statements to reflect new events or circumstances, except as required by law.

Unless the context otherwise indicates, a reference to “the Company” means CCL
Industries Inc. and its subsidiary companies and equity-accounted investments.

1.     CORPORATE OVERVIEW

A) The Company

Founded in 1951, and publicly listed under its current name since 1980, the
Company’s corporate offices are located in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, and
Framingham, Massachusetts, United States, with a regional centre for Asia Pacific
in Singapore. The corporate offices provide executive and centralized services such
as finance, accounting, internal audit, treasury, risk management, legal, tax, human
resources, information technology, environmental, health and safety, sustainability
and oversight of operations. The Company employs approximately 26,300 people in
213 production facilities located in North America, Latin America, Europe, Middle
East, Australia, Africa and Asia including an equity investment in a venture operating
four facilities.

The CCL Segment (“CCL”) is the world’s largest converter of pressure sensitive
and extruded film materials for a wide range of decorative, instructional, security and
functional applications for government institutions and large global customers in
consumer packaging, healthcare, chemicals, consumer durables, electronic device
and automotive markets. Extruded and labeled plastic tubes, aluminum aerosols and
specialty bottles, folded instructional leaflets, specialty folded cartons, precision
engineered and die cut components, electronic displays, polymer banknote
substrate and other complementary products and services are sold in parallel to
specific end-use markets. Avery is the world’s largest supplier of labels, specialty
converted media and software solutions to enable short-run digital printing in
businesses and homes alongside complementary products sold through distributors,
mass-market stores and e-commerce retailers. Checkpoint is a leading developer
of RF and RFID-based technology systems for loss prevention and inventory
management applications, including labeling and tagging solutions, for the broad
retail and apparel industries worldwide. Innovia is a leading global producer of
specialty, high-performance, multi-layer, surface-engineered films for label,
                                          4
packaging and security applications. The Company partly backward integrates into
materials science, with capabilities in polymer extrusion, adhesive development,
coating and lamination, surface engineering and metallurgy deployed as needed
across the four business segments.

B) Customers and Markets

The state of the global economy and geopolitical events can affect consumer
demand and customers’ marketing and sales strategies to promote growth, including
the introduction of new products. These factors directly influence the demand for the
Company’s products. Growth expectations generally mirror the trends of each of the
markets and product lines in which the Company’s customers compete and the
growth of the economy in each geographic region. The Company attempts to gain
market share in each market and category over time.

The markets served by the CCL Segment are large and diverse, with some sectors
highly fragmented, but with few competitors having the Company’s substantial
operating breadth or global reach. Avery has a dominant market-leading position for
its products in North America, Europe and Australia. Checkpoint has significant
market positions in all regions of the world and sells directly to retailers and apparel
manufacturers and competes with other global retail labeling companies. Innovia
operates plants in Europe, Mexico and Australia and has additional distribution
capabilities in the United States that sell films to pressure sensitive materials
producers, flexible packaging converters and the consumer-packaged goods
industry, while also producing film internally for security and label applications.

C) Strategy and Financial Targets

The Company’s strategy is to increase shareholder value through investment in
organic growth and product innovations around the world, augmented by
acquisitions. The Company builds on the strength of its people in marketing,
manufacturing and product development and nurtures strong relationships with its
international, national and regional customers and suppliers. The Company
anticipates increasing its market share in most product categories by capitalizing on
market insights and the growth of its customers, and by following developments such
as globalization, new product innovation, sustainability, branding and consumer
trends.

The CCL Segment aspires to be the market leader and the highest value-added
producer in each customer sector and region in which it chooses to compete. The
primary objective is to invest in growth globally, both organically and by acquisition.
Avery objectives align to its core competencies in label and badging solutions
centred on specialty converted media that enable short-run digital printing in homes
and businesses and increasingly using the direct-to-consumer channel, both
organically and by acquisition. Checkpoint focuses on technology-driven loss-
prevention and inventory-management and labeling solutions for the retail and
apparel industries, inclusive of a rapidly developing RFID product portfolio. Innovia
is a leading global producer of specialty, high-performance, multi-layer, surface-

                                           5
engineered films for label, packaging and security applications. Innovia also provides
significant depth and capability to develop proprietary films for label applications.

The Company’s financial strategy is to be fiscally prudent and conservative. The
2024 financial results delivered strong cash flow and a solid balance sheet after
investing $142.9 million to acquire Pacman and $457.4 million in net capital
expenditures to execute global growth initiatives whilst returning $407.0 million to
shareholders in the form of dividends and share buyback. Even during good and
challenging economic cycles, such as the prolonged impact of the COVID (“CV19”)
pandemic, and geopolitical events such as the conflicts in the Ukraine and the Middle
East, which have dampened consumer demand, led to instability in energy,
commodity and currency markets, and resulted in elevated inflationary pressures,
the Company has maintained high levels of cash on hand and unused lines of credit
to reduce its financial risk and to provide flexibility when acquisition opportunities are
available. As at December 31, 2024, the Company had $828.7 million of cash on
hand and approximately US$956.7 million of undrawn capacity on the Company’s
unsecured revolving credit facility.

The Company maintains a continuous focus on minimizing its investment in working
capital to maximize cash flow in support of growth in the business. In addition, capital
expenditures target the most attractive growth opportunities and are expected to be
accretive to earnings. The Company’s financial discipline and prudent allocation of
capital have ensured sufficient available liquidity and a secure financial foundation
for the long-term future.

A key financial target for the Company is return on equity before goodwill impairment
loss, restructuring and other items, non-cash acquisition accounting adjustments,
revaluation gain, and tax adjustments (“ROE,” a non-IFRS measure; see “Key
Performance Indicators and Non-IFRS Measures” in Section 5A). The Company
continues to execute its strategy with a goal of achieving a comparable ROE level to
its leading peers in specialty packaging. 2024 ROE of 15.5%, improved compared
to 2023 due to a solid increase in adjusted net earnings:

                             2024       2023      2022      2021      2020      2019
 Return on Equity             15.5%     15.0%     15.9%      17.2%     17.8%     17.8%

Another metric used by the investment community as a comparative measure is
return on total capital before goodwill impairment loss, restructuring and other items,
non-cash acquisition accounting adjustments, revaluation gain and tax adjustments
(“ROTC,” a non-IFRS measure; see “Key Performance Indicators and Non-IFRS
Measures” in Section 5A). The chart below details performance since 2019. The
Company targets delivering returns in excess of its cost of capital. ROTC of 11.8%
for 2024 improved compared to 2023 due to the solid increase in adjusted net
earnings and modest capital deployed for acquisitions for 2024:




                                            6
                           2024      2023       2022     2021    2020    2019
 Return on Total Capital   11.8%     11.2%      11.8%    12.5%   11.9%   10.8%

ROTC should increase as the Company deleverages its balance sheet and
increases net earnings executing its global initiatives profitably.

The long-term growth rate of adjusted basic earnings per Class B share (a non-IFRS
measure; see “Key Performance Indicators and Non-IFRS Measures” in Section 5A)
is another important financial target. This measure excludes goodwill impairment
loss, restructuring and other items, revaluation gain, tax adjustments, gains on
business dispositions and non-cash acquisition accounting adjustments.
Management believes that, by taking into account the continuing benefits from the
Company’s focused strategies and operational approach, a positive growth rate in
adjusted basic earnings per share is realistic under reasonable economic
circumstances.

The Company has achieved significant growth in its annual adjusted basic earnings
per share since 2019:

                             2024      2023       2022   2021    2020     2019
 Basic EPS Growth Rate       58.2%    (14.6%)     5.1%   12.5%   10.4%     1.5%

 Adjusted Basic EPS
                             14.9%      5.3%      5.9%    9.4%   10.4%     2.2%
 Growth Rate

In 2024, adjusted basic earnings increased by 14.9% to $4.32 per Class B share.
Improved profitability came from all the Company’s segments, CCL, Avery,
Checkpoint and Innovia. The Company believes continuing growth in earnings per
share is achievable as the Company executes its global business strategies across
all of its segments.

The Company will continue to focus on generating cash and effectively utilizing the
cash flow generated by operations and divestitures. Earnings before net finance
cost, taxes, depreciation and amortization, excluding goodwill impairment loss,
earnings in equity-accounted investments, non-cash acquisition accounting
adjustments, revaluation gain, restructuring and other items (“Adjusted EBITDA,” a
non-IFRS measure; see “Key Performance Indicators and Non-IFRS Measures” in
Section 5A), is considered a good indicator of cash flow and is used by many
financial institutions and investment advisors to measure operating results and for
business valuations.




                                        7
As a key indicator of cash flow, Adjusted EBITDA demonstrates the Company’s
ability to incur or service existing debt, to invest in capital additions and to take
advantage of organic growth opportunities and acquisitions that are accretive to
earnings per share. Historically, the Company has experienced growth in Adjusted
EBITDA:

                       2024       2023        2022      2021       2020       2019
 Adjusted EBITDA $1,497.1      $1,332.1    $1,231.4   $ 1,173.1 $ 1,123.2 $ 1,067.2
 % of sales            21%        20%         19%       20%        21%        20%

In 2024, Adjusted EBITDA increased by approximately 12.4% from 2023, 12.1%
excluding the positive impact of foreign currency translation. The Company’s
Adjusted EBITDA margins remain at the top end of the range of its peers. The
Company expects growth in Adjusted EBITDA in the future as the Company
executes its international growth initiatives, managing regional economic volatility,
geopolitical challenges in Europe and the Middle East and an evolving precarious
global political backdrop affecting supply chains.

The framework supporting the above performance indicators is an appropriate level
of financial leverage. Based on the dynamics within the specialty packaging industry
and the risks that higher leverage may bring, the Company has a comfort level up to
a ceiling of approximately 3.5 times net debt to Adjusted EBITDA with an appropriate
deleveraging and liquidity profile to maintain its investment-grade ratings with
Moody’s Investor Service (“Moody’s”) and S&P Global (“S&P”). As at December 31,
2024, net debt (a non-IFRS measure; see “Key Performance Indicators and Non-
IFRS Measures” in Section 5A) to Adjusted EBITDA was 1.08 times, slightly lower
than the 1.13 times at December 31, 2023, reflecting increased Adjusted EBITDA
more than offsetting higher net debt. This leverage level is consistent with
management’s conservative approach to financial risk and the Company’s ability to
generate strong levels of free cash flow from operations (a non-IFRS measure; see
“Key Performance Indicators and Non-IFRS Measures” in Section 5A). This leverage
level also allows the Company the flexibility to quickly execute its acquisition growth
strategy without significantly exposing its credit quality.

The Board does not have a target dividend payout ratio (a non-IFRS measure; see
“Key Performance Indicators and Non-IFRS Measures” in Section 5A). However, the
Company has paid dividends quarterly for over forty years without an omission or
reduction. The Board views this consistency and dividend growth as important
factors in enhancing shareholder value. For 2024, the dividend payout ratio was 27%
of adjusted earnings. This dividend payout ratio reflects the strong cash flows
generated by the Company and strong improvement in adjusted earnings in 2024
compared to 2023. Therefore, after careful review of the current year results and the
budgeted cash flow and income for 2025, the Board has declared a 10.3% increase
in the annual dividend: an increase of $0.03 per Class B share per quarter, from
$0.29 to $0.32 per Class B share per quarter ($1.28 per Class B share annualized).
Including this increase, the Company has more than doubled the annualized rate
since March 2018.

                                          8
The Company believes that all of the above targets are mutually compatible and
consequently should drive meaningful shareholder value over time.

The Company’s strategy and ability to grow and achieve attractive returns for its
shareholders are shaped by key internal and external factors that are common to
the businesses it operates. The key performance driver is the Company’s continuous
focus on customer service, supported by its reputation for quality manufacturing,
competitive pricing, product innovation, dependability, ethical business practices and
financial stability.

The Company updates its financial strategies and its performance against internal
benchmarks while considering its obligations to Corporate Social Responsibility
(“CSR”). The Company’s CSR initiative is designed to enhance the integration of
social and environmental concerns into its business operations and strategy as well
as interactions with stakeholders. Since 2019, the Company has been continuing to
build up the initiative to align with best practices in the industry with changes and
progress released in an annual Sustainability Report covering material
environmental and social responsibility issues and policies. These reports are made
available on the Company’s website at www.cclind.com/sustainability.

Sustainability: The Company is committed to helping customers meet their targets
by developing new products while reducing the environmental impact of its
manufacturing processes. The Company has set targets to reduce key
environmental impacts including emissions reductions and waste to landfill
diversion.

Ethics: The Company’s Global Business Ethics Guide, enhanced in 2021 to align
with the Company’s Corporate Social Responsibility strategy, is its primary policy on
workplace practices, human rights, health and safety, ethical conduct and fair
business practices for all employees. Reviewing the Guide is an important part of
new hire training and global facilities are audited to ensure all new hires have access
to a copy of the ethics guide.

Health & Safety: The health and safety of the Company’s employees around the
world is a top priority. The Company’s current Environmental Health & Safety
(“EHS”) policy and robust safety reporting programs address the statutory
requirements of the countries where the Company does business. The EHS policy
is reviewed and revised as needed as part of the Company’s annual Sustainability
Report disclosure. Quarterly reporting of health and safety performance statistics to
management and the CSR Committee is required.

Responsible Supply Chains: The Company continues to work with its supply chain
partners to reduce the overall environmental and social impacts of its products
including transportation, secondary packaging and material sourcing. Through
predictive forecasting and responsive production, the Company is able to drive down
lead times and help lower inventory throughout the supply chain with the added
benefit of reducing waste and obsolescence and lowering the effects on the
environment. In 2025, the Company will be introducing a new code of conduct to

                                          9
ensure that the Company’s suppliers adhere to the appropriate standard of safety,
fair treatment of employees and ethical practices.

Circular Innovation: The Company’s product innovation teams work directly with
customers to create sustainable products enabling the circularity of customers’
primary packaging while supporting end consumer sensitivity to reduce waste in the
environment and reduce overall environmental impacts.

D) Recent Acquisitions and Dispositions

The Company is globally deployed with significant diversification across the world
economy including emerging markets, a broad customer base, distinct product lines
and many different currencies.

The Company continues to deploy its cash flow from operations into its core
segments with both internal capital investments and strategic acquisitions. The
following acquisitions were completed over the last two years:

      •   In June 2024, the Company acquired the remaining 50% interest in its
          Middle East label joint venture, Pacman-CCL (“Pacman”), for
          approximately $142.9 million, net of cash acquired. The business
          commenced trading as CCL Label, with its results fully consolidated
          subsequent to the acquisition.

      •   In August 2023, the Company acquired all the intellectual property of
          Imprint Energy Inc. (“IEI”), based in Alameda, California, for $26.6 million.
          IEI is a start-up proprietary technology company with the know-how for
          ultrathin, non-hazardous and non-toxic printed batteries for devices,
          sensors and wearables. This product line has become part of CCL
          Design.

      •   In July 2023, the Company acquired privately owned Faubel & Co.
          Nachfolger GmbH (“Faubel”), headquartered in Melsungen, Germany, for
          approximately $169.7 million, net of cash acquired. Faubel is a specialist
          in labels for pharmaceutical clinical trials globally and is reported within
          CCL Label’s Healthcare and Specialty business.

      •   In July 2023, the Company acquired privately owned Creaprint S.L.
          (“Creaprint”) based in Alicante, Spain, for approximately $37.7 million, net
          of cash and debt acquired. Creaprint is a specialized producer of in-
          mould labels and has been added to CCL Label’s Food & Beverage
          business.

      •   In July 2023, the Company acquired Pouch Partners S.r.l., (“Pouch”), a
          subsidiary of Swiss headquartered Capri-Sun Group, based in Milan,
          Italy, for approximately $39.6 million, net of cash acquired. This business
          trades as CCL Specialty Pouches and has become an integral new
          product offering within CCL Label’s Food & Beverage.

                                         10
      •    In July 2023, the Company acquired privately owned Oomph Made
           Limited (“Oomph”), based in Liphook, United Kingdom, for approximately
           $6.6 million, net of cash acquired. Oomph is a designer and supplier of
           Radio Frequency Identification (“RFID”) and Near-Field Communication
           (“NFC”) access cards and wristbands and has been added to the
           Company’s Avery Segment.

      •    In April 2023, the Company acquired privately owned eAgile Inc.
           (“eAgile”), based in Grand Rapids, Michigan, for approximately $52.2
           million, including net cash assumed. eAgile is a start-up technology
           company with proprietary, patented hardware and software solutions for
           the healthcare industry alongside RFID inlays embedded into labels. This
           business has been integrated into CCL Label’s Healthcare & Specialty
           business.

      •    In April 2023, the Company acquired the intellectual property of Alert
           Systems ApS (“Alert”), based in Hoersholm, Denmark, for $3.2 million.
           Alert’s patent-protected anti-theft solutions are sold alongside
           Checkpoint’s Merchandise Availability Solutions (“MAS”) product lines.

      •    In April 2023, the Company acquired privately owned Data Management,
           Inc. (“DMI”), based in Farmington, Connecticut, for approximately $10.2
           million, net of cash acquired. DMI’s tracking and identification badges
           business has been added to the Avery Segment.

The acquisitions completed over the past few years, in conjunction with the building
of new plants around the world, have positioned the CCL Segment as the global
leader for labels in the personal care, healthcare, food and beverage, durables,
security and specialty categories. Avery is the world’s largest supplier of labels,
specialty converted media, and software solutions to enable short-run digital printing
in businesses and homes alongside complementary office products. Checkpoint has
added technology-driven loss-prevention, inventory-management and labeling
solutions, including RF and RFID-based systems, to the retail and apparel industries.
Innovia provides vertical integration, driving the Company deeper into polymer
sciences, enhancing the development of proprietary products, including recent
investments in sustainably oriented films for its customers.

E) Subsequent Event

Prior to the release of the 2024 annual financial statements, the Company
announced the following:

      • The Board of Directors has declared a dividend of $0.32 per Class B non-
          voting share and $0.3175 per Class A voting share, which will be payable
          to shareholders of record at the close of business on March 17, 2025, to
          be paid on March 31, 2025.


                                         11
F) Consolidated Annual Financial Results
Selected Financial Information
Results of Consolidated Operations
                                                     2024         2023            2022
Sales                                            $ 7,245.0    $ 6,649.6    $   6,382.2
Cost of sales                                      5,107.3      4,735.2        4,667.0
Gross profit                                       2,137.7      1,914.4        1,715.2
Selling, general and administrative                1,073.0        985.6          852.6
expenses                                           1,064.7         92
                                                                  928.8          862.6
Earnings in equity-accounted investments              18.9         17.9           19.9
Net finance cost                                     (75.0)       (78.0)         (64.8)
Revaluation gain                                      78.1          -               -
Goodwill impairment loss                               -          (95.0)            -
Restructuring and other items                         (5.5)       (42.8)         (11.7)
Earnings before income taxes                       1,081.2        730.9          806.0
Income taxes                                         238.1        200.7          183.3
Net earnings                                     $ 843.1      $   530.2    $     622.7
Basic earnings per Class B share                 $     4.73   $     2.99   $       3.50
Diluted earnings per Class B share               $     4.70   $     2.95   $       3.48
Adjusted basic earnings per Class B share        $     4.32   $     3.76   $       3.57
Dividends per Class B share                      $     1.16   $     1.06   $       0.96
Total assets                                     $ 9,859.1    $ 8,924.2    $   8,664.4
Total non-current liabilities                    $ 3,067.9    $ 2,884.1    $   2,897.8




                                            12
Comments on Consolidated Results

Sales were $7,245.0 million for 2024, an increase of 9.0% compared to $6,649.6
million recorded in 2023. This increase in sales is attributable to organic growth of
6.1%, acquisition-related growth of 2.3% and 0.6% positive impact of foreign
currency translation.

Consistent with 2023, approximately 98% of the Company’s 2024 sales to end-use
customers were denominated in foreign currencies. Consequently, changes in
foreign exchange rates can have a material impact on sales and profitability when
translated into Canadian dollars for public reporting. The appreciation of the U.S.
dollar, euro, and U.K. pound, by 1.5%, 1.5%, and 4.3%, respectively, was partially
offset by a 5.7%, 1.4% and 0.2% depreciation of the Brazilian real, Mexican peso
and Chinese renminbi, respectively, relative to the Canadian dollar in 2024
compared to average exchange rates in 2023.

Selling, general and administrative expenses (“SG&A”) were $1,073.0 million for
2024, compared to $985.6 million reported in 2023. The increase in SG&A expenses
in 2024 relates to general increases across all business segments of the Company
and most notably the impact of the nine acquisitions over the last two years.
Corporate expenses for 2024 decreased to $77.6 million, compared to $81.8 million
for 2023, primarily due to decreased long-term variable compensation expense as
the Company commenced the first year of a three year plan, partly offsetting the
aforementioned increase in SG&A.

During the second quarter of the year, the Company recorded a revaluation gain of
$78.1 million in conjunction with the acquisition of the final 50% equity interest in
Pacman in early June 2024. In accordance with IFRS 3 – Business Combinations,
the Company was required to re-measure to fair value its previously held 50%
interest in Pacman at the acquisition date resulting in the recognition of the
aforementioned non-cash revaluation gain through net earnings.

Operating income (a non-IFRS measure; see “Key Performance Indicators and Non-
IFRS Measures” in Section 5A) for 2024 was $1,142.3 million, an increase of 13.0%
compared to $1,010.6 million for 2023. Foreign currency translation was a 0.1%
positive impact to consolidated operating income for 2024 compared to 2023. All
Segments, CCL, Avery, Checkpoint and Innovia increased operating income
compared to 2023. Further details on the business segments follow later in this
report.

Adjusted EBITDA in 2024 was $1,497.1 million, an improvement of 12.4% compared
to $1,332.1 million recorded in 2023. Excluding the impact of foreign currency
translation, the increase was 12.1% over the prior year.

Net finance cost was $75.0 million for 2024, compared to $78.0 million for 2023. The
3.8% decrease in net finance cost can primarily be attributed to decreased finance
costs on reduced interest rates on variable rate debt for 2024 compared to 2023.


                                         13
In the prior year fourth quarter, the Company incurred a non-cash goodwill
impairment charge related to the Innovia Segment of $95.0 million with no
associated tax benefit. This resulted in a reduction of basic earnings of $0.54 per
Class B share. Further details of this impairment are outlined in Section 2E: “Innovia
Segment” later in this MD&A.

For the full year 2024, restructuring costs and other items represented an expense
of $5.5 million ($4.8 million after tax) as follows:

   •   Restructuring expenses of $3.3 million ($2.6 million after tax), primarily
       related to severance charges in the CCL Segment.

   •   Acquisition transaction costs totaled $2.2 million ($2.2 million after tax),
       associated with the Pacman acquisition.

The negative earnings impact of the restructuring and other items in 2024 was $0.03
per Class B share.

For the full year 2023, restructuring costs and other items represented an expense
of $42.8 million ($41.2 million after tax) as follows:

   •   Restructuring expenses of $41.1 million ($39.5 million after tax), primarily
       related to severance and reorganization costs largely across Innovia, CCL
       Design and Checkpoint.

   •   Acquisition transaction costs totaled $1.7 million ($1.7 million after tax), for
       the eight acquisitions closed in 2023.

The negative earnings impact of the restructuring and other items in 2023 was $0.23
per Class B share.

In 2024, the consolidated effective tax rate was 22.4%, compared to 28.2% in 2023,
excluding earnings in equity-accounted investments. The combined Canadian
federal and provincial statutory tax rate was 26.5% for 2024 (2023 – 26.5%). The
notable decline in the effective tax rate can primarily be attributed to the $78.1 million
non-taxable revaluation gain in 2024 and the $95.0 million goodwill impairment loss
with no associated tax benefit recorded in 2023.

Approximately 98% of the Company’s sales are to customers outside of Canada,
and the income from these foreign operations is subject to varying rates of taxation.
The Company’s effective tax rate is also affected from year to year due to the level
of income in the various countries, recognition or reversal of tax losses, tax
reassessments and income and expense items not subject to tax.

Net earnings for 2024 increased 59.0% to $843.1 million, compared to $530.2 million
recorded in 2023 due to the items described above.

Basic earnings per Class B share were $4.73 for 2024 compared to $2.99 recorded
for 2023. Diluted earnings per Class B share were $4.70 for 2024 and $2.95 for
                                       14
2023. The aforementioned revaluation gain increased basic earnings by $0.44 per
Class B share in 2024 and the goodwill impairment loss reduced basic earnings by
$0.54 per Class B share in 2023. The movement in foreign currency exchange rates
in 2024 compared to 2023 had a negative impact on the translation of the Company’s
basic earnings of $0.02 per Class B share. The diluted weighted average number of
shares was 179.5 million for 2024, compared to 179.9 million for 2023.

Adjusted basic earnings per Class B share was $4.32 for 2024, up 14.9% from $3.76
in 2023.

The movement in foreign currency exchange rates in 2024 versus 2023 had an
estimated negative translation impact of $0.02 on adjusted basic earnings per Class
B share. This estimated foreign currency impact reflects the currency translation in
all foreign operations.

As of December 31, 2024, the Company had 11.7 million Class A voting shares and
165.1 million Class B non-voting shares issued and outstanding. In addition, the
Company had outstanding 0.5 million restricted stock units to issue 0.5 million Class
B non-voting shares under the Restricted Stock Unit Plan, 0.1 million restricted stock
units to issue 0.1 million Class B non-voting shares under the 2017-2025 Long Term
Retention Plan, 0.1 million restricted stock units to issue 0.1 million Class B non-
voting shares under the 2019 Long Term Retention Plan (collectively, the “RSUs”)
and 0.3 million deferred share units (“DSU”) outstanding to issue 0.3 million Class B
non-voting shares. Lastly, the Company has a performance stock unit (“PSU”) plan
to issue up to 1.6 million Class B non-voting shares to participants, provided the
financial performance criteria have been achieved and the participants are still
employed by the Company. Of the 1.6 million Class B non-voting shares, the
issuance of 1.4 million Class B non-voting shares under the PSU plan is subject to
and conditional upon TSX approval and shareholder approval at the upcoming
Annual and Special Meeting of Shareholders in May 2025.




                                         15
G) Seasonality and Fourth Quarter Financial Results

                                    Unaudited        Unaudited       Unaudited       Unaudited
2024                                  Qtr 1            Qtr 2          Qtr 3           Qtr 4            Year
Sales

 CCL                            $ 1,094.1        $ 1,139.8       $ 1,152.5       $ 1,116.2       $ 4,502.6
 Avery                              252.8            276.9           279.7           239.7         1,049.1
 Checkpoint                         224.7            244.3           240.5           277.4           986.9
 Innovia                            165.6            184.6           177.0           179.2           706.4
Total sales                     $ 1,737.2        $ 1,845.6       $ 1,849.7       $ 1,812.5       $ 7,245.0

Segment operating income

 CCL                            $    177.6       $     190.8     $    179.2      $    166.1      $    713.7
 Avery                                51.0              60.7           55.2            44.6           211.5
 Checkpoint                           37.0              36.7           36.7            40.5           150.9
 Innovia                              16.4              15.3           17.8            16.7            66.2
Operating income                     282.0             303.5          288.9           267.9          1,142.3
Corporate expenses                     19.8             22.8           17.0             18.0            77.6
Revaluation gain                        -              (78.1)           -                -             (78.1)
Restructuring and other items           -                2.1            2.2              1.2             5.5
Earnings in equity-accounted
 investments                          (8.3)             (5.0)         (2.7)            (2.9)           (18.9)
                                     270.5             361.7         272.4            251.6          1,156.2
Finance cost, net                     18.0              18.6          19.3             19.1             75.0

Earnings before income taxes         252.5             343.1          253.1           232.5          1,081.2
Income taxes                          60.4              63.6           61.4            52.7            238.1

Net earnings                    $    192.1       $     279.5     $    191.7      $    179.8      $    843.1
Per Class B share
Basic earnings                  $       1.08 $            1.56 $         1.08    $       1.01 $          4.73
Diluted earnings                $       1.07 $            1.55 $         1.07    $       1.01 $          4.70
Adjusted basic earnings         $       1.08 $            1.13 $         1.09    $       1.02 $          4.32




                                            16
                                    Unaudited        Unaudited       Unaudited       Unaudited
2023                                  Qtr 1            Qtr 2          Qtr 3           Qtr 4            Year
Sales

 CCL                            $ 1,013.1        $   995.5       $ 1,064.6       $ 1,031.5       $ 4,104.7
 Avery                              260.3            268.0           269.5           242.1         1,039.9
 Checkpoint                         210.4            210.5           210.1           244.2           875.2
 Innovia                            168.3            170.5           146.3           144.7           629.8
Total sales                     $ 1,652.1        $ 1,644.5       $ 1,690.5       $ 1,662.5       $ 6,649.6

Segment operating income

 CCL                            $    165.4       $     144.0     $    169.7      $    154.4      $    633.5
 Avery                                50.6              50.3           50.7            47.9           199.5
 Checkpoint                           30.8              28.1           28.8            44.3           132.0
 Innovia                              10.9              19.6            6.9             8.2            45.6
Operating income                     257.7             242.0          256.1           254.8          1,010.6
Corporate expenses                     19.9             21.3           16.7             23.9           81.8
Goodwill impairment loss                -                -              -               95.0           95.0
Restructuring and other items           0.8              2.9            1.9             37.2           42.8
Earnings in equity-accounted
 investments                          (3.1)             (5.0)         (5.2)            (4.6)          (17.9)
                                     240.1             222.8         242.7            103.3           808.9
Finance cost, net                     19.4              19.2          20.3             19.1            78.0

Earnings before income taxes         220.7             203.6          222.4             84.2          730.9
Income taxes                          54.3              47.7           53.3             45.4          200.7

Net earnings                    $    166.4       $     155.9     $    169.1      $      38.8     $    530.2
Per Class B share
Basic earnings                  $       0.94 $            0.88 $         0.95    $       0.22 $          2.99
Diluted earnings                $       0.93 $            0.88 $         0.94    $       0.20 $          2.95
Adjusted basic earnings         $       0.94 $            0.90 $         0.95    $       0.97 $          3.76




                                            17
Fourth Quarter Results

Sales for the fourth quarter of 2024 increased 9.0% to $1,812.5 million, compared to
$1,662.5 million recorded in the 2023 fourth quarter. This increase was due to
organic growth of 6.8%, acquisition-related growth of 1.4%, and a positive impact
from foreign currency translation of 0.8%. The CCL, Checkpoint and Innovia
Segments recorded organic sales growth rates of 5.4% 13.3% and 20.2%,
respectively, while Avery posted an organic decline of 2.0%. Organic growth at the
CCL Segment was driven by strong results in Home & Personal Care, CCL Design
and CCL Secure partly offset by softness in Healthcare & Specialty and Food &
Beverage. Avery sales declined on weak International demand more than offsetting
growth in North America aided by foreign exchange benefits in Mexico compared to
the 2023 fourth quarter. Checkpoint posted strong sales gains in both MAS and
Apparel Labelling Solutions (“ALS”) with continued strength in RFID products.
However, profitability declined on less favourable product mix, weak results in Latin
America and foreign exchange challenges in Turkey in ALS with MAS results held
by startup costs at the new RFID plant in Mexico. Higher demand in the label
materials industry improved Innovia’s sales and profitability compared to the fourth
quarter of 2023.

Operating income in the fourth quarter of 2024 increased 5.1% to $267.9 million,
compared to $254.8 million in the fourth quarter of 2023. For the fourth quarter of
2024, the CCL Segment and Innovia improved operating income 7.6% and 103.7%,
respectively, partly offset by declines for the Avery and Checkpoint of 6.9% and
8.6%, respectively. Sales gains for the CCL Segment and Innovia drove increases
in profitability offsetting slower demand for Avery and results for Checkpoint that
were impacted by start-up costs in Mexico.

Corporate expenses were $18.0 million in the fourth quarter of 2024, compared to
$23.9 million recorded in the prior-year period. The decrease in corporate costs is
principally attributable to a decrease in long-term variable compensation for the
comparable periods.

Adjusted EBITDA increased 7.4% to $361.6 million for the fourth quarter of 2024
compared to $336.7 million for the 2023 comparable period. Adjusted EBITDA
increased due to the improvements in the CCL and Innovia segments partially offset
by declines for Avery and Checkpoint.

Net finance cost was $19.1 million for the fourth quarters of both 2024 and 2023.

In the fourth quarter of 2023, the Company incurred a non-cash goodwill impairment
charge of $95.0 million related to the Innovia Segment with no associated tax benefit.
The negative earnings impact from this impairment loss was $0.54 per Class B
share. Further details of this impairment are outlined in Section 2E; “Innovia
Segment” later in this MD&A.




                                         18
For the fourth quarter of 2024, restructuring costs and other items represented an
expense of $1.2 million ($1.0 million after tax) as follows:

 •       Restructuring expenses primarily related to severance charges in the CCL
         Segment.

The negative earnings impact of the restructuring and other items for the 2024 fourth
quarter was $0.01 per Class B share.

For the fourth quarter of 2023, restructuring costs and other items represented an
expense of $37.2 million ($36.8 million after tax) as follows:

     •   Restructuring expenses primarily related to severance and reorganization
         costs for the closure of Innovia’s Belgium facility.

     •   Acquisition transaction costs totaled $1.3 million ($1.3 million after tax),
         principally for the Faubel acquisition.

The negative earnings impact of the restructuring and other items for the 2023 fourth
quarter was $0.21 per Class B share.

Tax expense in the fourth quarter of 2024 was $52.7 million, resulting in an effective
tax rate of 22.9% compared to $45.4 million and an effective tax rate of 57.0% in the
prior-year period. The decline in the effective tax rate for the fourth quarter of 2024
can principally be attributed to a $95.0 million goodwill impairment loss recorded in
the fourth quarter of 2023 without an associated tax benefit.

Net earnings in the fourth quarter of 2024 were $179.8 million, compared to net
earnings of $38.8 million in the fourth quarter of 2023 due to the items noted above.

Basic earnings per Class B share were $1.01 in the fourth quarter of 2024, compared
to $0.22 in the fourth quarter of 2023. Innovia’s goodwill impairment charge and
associated restructuring costs for the closure of the Belgium operation reduced basic
earnings by $0.75 per Class B share in 2023. The movement in foreign currency
exchange rates in the fourth quarter of 2024 compared to the fourth quarter of 2023
had a negative impact of $0.01 on basic earnings per Class B share.

Adjusted basic earnings per Class B share improved 5.2% to $1.02 for the fourth
quarter of 2024, compared to $0.97 in the corresponding quarter of 2023.




                                          19
Summary of Seasonality and Quarterly Results

For the CCL Segment and Innovia, the first and second quarters are generally the
strongest due to the number of workdays and various customer-related activities.
Also, there are many products that have a spring-summer bias in North America and
Europe such as horticultural labels, agricultural chemicals and certain beverage
products, which generate additional sales volumes for the Company in the first half
of the year. The polymer banknote business within the CCL Segment experiences
intra-quarter variations in sales influenced by central banks’ reorder volatility. For
Avery, the third quarter has historically been its strongest as it benefits from
increased demand related to back-to-school activities in North America, although the
impact is expected to diminish in future periods on secular declines in low-margin
ring binder sales and the expansion of Avery’s direct-to-consumer businesses that
do not have this seasonal bias. For Checkpoint, the second half of the calendar year
is healthier as the business substantially follows the retail cycle of its customers,
which traditionally experiences more consumer activity from September through to
the end of the year and prepares for the same in its supply chain from mid-year on.
Checkpoint’s year-over-year comparative quarterly results often include one-time
large chain-wide, customer-driven hardware installations that strengthen future
reoccurring label revenues. New RFID applications are also developing in the food,
logistics and healthcare markets. Sales in the final quarter of the year are negatively
affected in North America by Thanksgiving and globally by the Christmas and New
Year holiday season shutdowns.

Sales and net earnings comparability between the quarters of 2024 and 2023 were
impacted by regional economic variances, the impact of foreign currency changes
relative to the Canadian dollar, the impact of volatile energy and commodity markets
stemming from geopolitical issues in Europe and the Middle East, supply chain
challenges, the timing of acquisitions, the effect of restructuring initiatives, the impact
of central bank reorder patterns, the uptick in electronics markets, the rebound in
demand in the pressure sensitive materials industry, tax adjustments and other
items. The CCL Segment posted organic growth every quarter of 2024 compared
to the same periods in 2023, principally driven by demand improvements for CCL
Design electronics and Home & Personal Care markets. Geographically, gains in
Latin America and China quarterly outperformed other markets. Within CCL Secure,
the passport component business outperformed while the polymer banknote
business was solid in Mexico, the U.K. and Australian sites lagged. For Avery, in
North America the direct-to-consumer name badge, event badge, wristbands and
horticultural categories improved comparatively, in almost every quarter, to each
quarter of 2023. Back-to-school results in this legacy category exceeded the 2023
third quarter. Checkpoint recorded year-over-year quarterly improvements in MAS
and ALS, the latter driven by significant gains in RFID-related products. Innovia also
posted year-over-year quarterly sales gains for the final three quarters of 2024
influenced by increased demand in the labels materials industry.




                                            20
2.     BUSINESS SEGMENT REVIEW

A) General

All divisions of the Company invest capital and management effort to develop world-
class manufacturing operations, with spending allocated to geographic expansion,
cost-reduction projects, the development of innovative products and processes, the
maintenance and expansion of existing capacity and the continuous improvement in
health and safety in the workplace, including environmental management. The
Company also makes strategic acquisitions for global competitive advantage,
servicing large customers, taking advantage of new geographic markets, finding
adjacent and new product opportunities, developing new customer segments,
building infrastructure and improving operating performance. Avery, Checkpoint and
the CCL Design business within the CCL Segment are less capital intensive as a
percentage of sales than the Company’s other businesses. Further discussion on
capital spending is provided in the individual segment discussion sections below.

Although each segment is a leader in market share or has a significant position in
the markets it serves in each of its operating locales, it also generally operates in a
mature and competitive environment. For a number of years, consumer products
and healthcare companies have experienced steady pressure to maintain or even
reduce prices to their major retail and distribution channels, which has driven
significant consolidation in the Company’s customer base. This has resulted in many
customers seeking supply chain efficiencies and cost savings in order to maintain
profit margins. Volatile commodity costs, including inflationary pressures and cooling
periods can create challenges to manage pricing with customers. These dynamics
have been an ongoing challenge for the Company and its competitors, requiring
greater management and financial control and flexible cost structures. Unlike some
of its competitors, the Company has the financial strength to invest in the equipment
and innovation necessary to constantly strive to be the highest value-added
producer in the markets that it serves.

The cost of many of the key raw material inputs for the Company, such as plastic
films and resins, paper, specialty chemicals and aluminum, are largely dependent
on the supply and demand economics within the petrochemical, energy and base
metals industries. Checkpoint purchases component parts including circuit boards,
memory chips and other electronic modules from third parties. The significant cost
fluctuations for these inputs can have an impact on the Company’s profitability. The
Company generally has the ability, due to its size and the use of long-term
relationships with both suppliers and customers, to mitigate volatility in purchased
costs and, where necessary, to pass these on to the market in higher product prices.
However, Innovia and parts of the CCL Segment can experience delays in price
adjustments, up or down, to customers due to the nature of their respective
relationships and contractual pricing terms. Innovia’s pricing mechanisms are more
complex, involving multiple indices for polypropylene used by customers and
suppliers and differing terms in customer agreements when trigger points are arrived
at for price changes. The success of the Company is dependent on each business
managing the cost-and-price equation with suppliers and customers.

                                          21
A driver across the Company for maximizing operating profitability is the discipline
of pricing customer agreements based on size and complexity, including
consideration for fluctuations in raw materials and packaging costs, manufacturing
run lengths and available capacity. This approach facilitates effective asset
utilization and relatively higher levels of profitability. Performance is generally
measured by product against estimates used to calculate pricing, including targets
for scrap and output efficiency. An analysis of total utilization versus capacity
available per production line or facility is also used to manage certain divisions of
the business. In most of the Company’s operations, the measurement of each sales
order shipped is based on actual selling prices and production costs to calculate the
amount of actual profit margin earned and its return on sales relative to the
established benchmarks. This process ensures that pricing policies and production
performance are aligned in attaining profit margin targets by order, by plant and by
division.

Management believes it has both the financial and non-financial resources, internal
controls and reporting systems and processes in place to execute its strategic plan,
to manage its key performance drivers and to deliver targeted financial results over
time. In addition, the Company’s internal audit function provides another discipline
to ensure that its disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over
financial reporting will be assessed on a regular basis against current corporate
standards of effectiveness and compliance.

The Company is not particularly dependent upon specialized manufacturing
equipment. Most of the technology employed by the production sites can be sourced
from multiple suppliers. The Company, however, has the resources to invest in large-
scale projects to build infrastructure in current and new markets because of its
financial strength relative to that of many of its competitors. Direct competitors in
parts of the CCL Segment are often smaller and may not have the financial
resources to stay current in maintaining state-of-the-art facilities. Certain new
manufacturing lines take many months for suppliers to construct, and any delays in
delivery and commissioning can have an impact on customer expectations and the
Company’s profitability. Innovia, in addition to its unique method for producing some
of its films for label and packaging applications, also provides the Company with the
know-how and material science capability to develop proprietary substrates. Finally,
the Company also uses strategic partnerships as a method of obtaining exclusive
technology in order to support growth plans and to expand its product offerings. The
Company’s major competitive advantage is based on its strong customer service,
process technology, the know-how of its people, market-leading brand awareness
and loyalty, and the ability to develop proprietary technologies and manufacturing
techniques. During 2022, the Company commenced operations of its new
proprietary “EcoFloat” shrink films manufacturing line. This hybrid polyolefin film
facilitates easy separation from primary bottle packaging to aid customers’ bottle-to-
bottle circular recycling initiatives globally. The Company is currently constructing a
new film manufacturing plant in Germany that will produce thin-gauge sustainable
film for the labels materials industry, and start-up is expected during the first half of
2025.


                                           22
The expertise of the Company’s employees is a key element in achieving the
Company’s business plans. This know-how is broadly distributed throughout the
world; therefore, the Company is generally not at risk of losing its competency
through the loss of any particular employee or group of employees. Employee skills
develop through on-the-job training and external technical education, enhanced by
the Company’s entrepreneurial culture of considering creative alternative
applications and processes for its products.

The nature of the research carried out by the CCL Segment can be characterized as
application or process development. The Company spends meaningful resources on
assisting customers to develop new and innovative products. While customers
regularly come to CCL with concepts and request assistance to develop products,
the Company also takes its own new ideas to the market. Proprietary information is
protected by confidentiality agreements and by limiting access to its manufacturing
facilities. The Company values the importance of protecting its customers’ brands
and products from fraudulent use and, consequently, is selective in choosing
appropriate customer and supplier relationships.

Avery has a strong commitment to understanding its ultimate end users, actively
seeking product feedback and using consumer focus groups to drive product
development initiatives. Furthermore, it leverages the wider Company’s technology
to deliver product innovation that aligns with consumer trends for digitally imaged
labels, cards, badges and wristbands. Avery has also invested in many direct-to-
consumer businesses globally and encourages the cross-pollination of unique
products and best practices.

Checkpoint has always been an innovator in its industry, with a strong dedication to
research and development activities. It was a pioneer of RF electronic-article-
surveillance hardware and consumables. Checkpoint has made further advances
with the active enhancement and deployment of RFID solutions, including inventory
management software, to the broad retail industry where apparel has been the
largest adopter. New RFID applications are also developing in the food, logistics and
healthcare markets.

Innovia maintains a world-class research and development centre specifically
dedicated to the support of films for label, security and packaging applications. The
new discoveries and product enhancements generated from this centre are
deployed globally, sometimes benefitting downstream businesses such as CCL
Secure and CCL Label.

The Company continues to invest time and capital to upgrade and expand its
information technology systems and security. This investment is critical to keeping
pace with customer requirements and gaining or maintaining a competitive edge.
Software packages are, in general, off-the-shelf systems customized to meet the
needs of individual business locations. The CCL Segment, Avery, Checkpoint and
Innovia communicate with many customers and suppliers electronically, particularly
with regard to supply-chain-management solutions and when transferring and
                                        23
confirming design formats and colours. A core attribute of Avery’s printable media
products is the customized software to enable short-run digital printing in businesses
and homes. Avery recognizes that it is critical to develop its software solutions to
maintain its market-leading position with consumers. Avery launched WePrint™,
expanding its direct-to-consumer software solutions, and acquired the e-commerce
platforms of 21 companies over the past ten years, to leverage acquired digital
printing software into the pre-existing Avery suite.

Avery products are most often sold under the market-leading Avery brand, with equal
prominence in German-speaking countries, the Zweckform brand and, within Brazil,
the Adelbras brand. At Checkpoint, products are predominantly sold under the
Checkpoint brand and, for retail merchandising products in Europe and Asia Pacific,
the Meto brand. The Company recognizes that in order to maintain the pre-eminent
positions for Avery, Zweckform, Adelbras, Checkpoint and Meto, it must continually
invest in promoting these brands. Product quality, innovation and performance are
recognized attributes for the success of these brands.

CCL Industries has spent the past two years developing the Company’s science-
based sustainability targets in alignment with best practices in the industry and the
priorities of its global customers. The Company is excited to announce its final
targets which have been approved by the Science-Based Targets initiative. These
goals will guide our Company’s sustainability priorities for the next twenty-five years.

CCL Industries, Inc. has committed to:
  • Reduce absolute Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions 50% by 2030 from a 2022
      base year
  • Engage 85% of suppliers by spend to set science-based sustainability targets
      by 2030
  • Reach net-zero greenhouse gas emissions across the value chain by 2050
  • Reduce absolute greenhouse gas emissions from Scope 1, Scope 2 and
      select Scope 3 categories 90% by 2050 from a 2022 base year

You can read more in the Company’s Sustainability Report for 2023. The 2024
report will be published during the first half of 2025.




                                          24
Business Segment Results

                                                               2024           2023
  Segment sales
   CCL                                                 $    4,502.6    $   4,104.7
   Avery                                                    1,049.1        1,039.9
   Checkpoint                                                 986.9          875.2
   Innovia                                                    706.4          629.8

  Total sales                                          $    7,245.0    $   6,649.6
  Operating income*
   CCL                                                 $      713.7    $     633.5
   Avery                                                      211.5          199.5
   Checkpoint                                                 150.9          132.0
   Innovia                                                     66.2           45.6

  Operating income                                     $    1,142.3    $   1,010.6

* This is a non-IFRS measure. Refer to “Key Performance Indicators and Non-IFRS Measures” in
  Section 5A.

Comments on Business Segments

The above summary includes the results of acquisitions on reported sales and
operating income from the date of acquisition.

B) CCL Segment

There are five customer sectors inside the CCL Segment. The Company trades in
three of them as CCL Label (with Label substituted, as relevant, for Tube and
Container product lines) and one each as CCL Design and CCL Secure. The
differentiated CCL sub-branding points to the nature of the application for the final
product. The sectors have many common or overlapping customers, process
technologies, information technology systems, raw material suppliers and
operational infrastructures. CCL Label supplies innovative specialized label, plastic
tube, aluminum aerosol and specialty bottle solutions to Home & Personal Care and
Food & Beverage companies. It also supplies regulated and complex multi-layer
labels and specialty folding cartons for major pharmaceutical, consumer medicine,
medical instrument and industrial or consumer chemical customers referred to as
the Healthcare & Specialty business. CCL Design supplies long-life, high-
performance labels and complex engineered parts to automotive, electronics and
durable goods companies. CCL Secure supplies polymer banknote substrate,
pressure sensitive stamps, passport components, ID cards and other security
documents to government institutions.

The Segment’s product lines include pressure sensitive labels, shrink sleeves,
stretch sleeves, in-mould labels, precision printed and die cut metal, glass and
plastic components, expanded content labels, pharmaceutical instructional leaflets,
specialty folded cartons, graphic security features, extruded or labeled plastic tubes,

                                             25
aluminum aerosols or specialty bottles and printed polymer security film substrates.
It currently operates 157 production facilities, located in Canada, the United States
(including Puerto Rico), Argentina, Australia, Austria, Brazil, Chile, China, Denmark,
Egypt, France, Germany, Hungary, Ireland, India, Indonesia, Israel, Italy, Korea,
Malaysia, Mexico, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Oman, Pakistan, Philippines,
Poland, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, South Africa, Spain, Switzerland,
Thailand, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, the United Kingdom and Vietnam. Four of
these plants are connected to the equity investments in CCL-Kontur which are
included in the above locations.

This segment’s industry is made up of a very large number of competitors that
manufacture a vast array of decorative, product information, identification and
security label-type applications. The Company believes that CCL is one of the largest
consolidated operators in most of its defined global market sectors. Competition
often comes from single-plant businesses, invariably owned by private operators
who compete with the Segment in local markets. There are also a number of multi-
plant competitors in certain regions of the world and a handful of specialists in a
single market segment globally. However, there are few major competitors with the
product breadth, global reach and scale of the CCL Segment.

The Company has completed numerous label business acquisitions, strategic joint
ventures and greenfield start-ups geographically and added new product offerings
to position CCL Label as a global leader in the Home & Personal Care, Food &
Beverage and Healthcare & Specialty end markets. CCL Design is an equally
significant financial and geographic market for the CCL Segment, principally focused
on the automotive, electronics and durable goods markets. The high-security,
specialized polymer banknote, passport, postage stamp and government document
printing operations form an integral part of CCL Secure.

CCL produces labels predominantly from polyolefin films and paper partly sourced
from extruding, coating and laminating companies, using raw materials primarily
from the petrochemical and paper industries. CCL also coats and laminates pressure
sensitive materials in house and is generally able to mitigate the cost volatility of
third-party-sourced materials due to a combination of purchasing leverage,
agreements with suppliers and its ability to pass on these cost increases to
customers. In the label industry, price changes regularly occur as specifications are
constantly changed by marketers and, as a result, the selling prices of these labels
are updated, reflecting current market costs and new shapes and designs.

CCL’s global customers expect a full range of product offerings in more geographic
regions, further integration into their supply chain at a global level and protection of
their brands, particularly in markets where counterfeiting is rife. These requirements
put many of the Segment’s competitors at a disadvantage, as do the investment
hurdles for infrastructure, converting equipment and technologies to deliver
products, services and innovations. Having trusted and reliable suppliers is an
important consideration for global consumer product companies, major
pharmaceutical companies, OEMs in the durable goods business and, of course,
central banks. This is even more important in an uncertain economic environment
when many smaller competitors may encounter difficulties and customers want to
                                           26
ensure their suppliers are financially viable.

CCL considers customers’ demand levels, particularly in North America and Western
Europe, to be reasonably mature and, as such, will continue to focus its expansion
plans on innovative and higher growth and value-added product lines within those
geographies, with a view to improving overall profitability. In Asia, Latin America and
other emerging markets, a higher level of economic growth is still expected over the
coming years, despite the slower conditions experienced in the past few years. This
should provide opportunities for the Segment to improve market share and increase
profitability in these regions. Furthermore, there is close alignment of label demand
to consumer staples, with the exception of CCL Design and CCL Secure, which are
completely aligned to the automotive, electronics and durable goods industries, and
to government institutions and central banks, respectively. Management believes
the Segment will attain the sales volumes, geographic distribution and reach
mirroring those of its customers over the next few years through its focused strategy
and by capitalizing on following customer trends.

CCL Segment Financial Performance
                                   2024     % Growth            2023

 Sales                      $   4,502.6           9.7%   $   4,104.7
 Operating income           $     713.7          12.7%   $     633.5
 Return on sales                   15.9%                        15.4%

Sales in the CCL Segment for 2024 increased 9.7% to $4,502.6 million, compared
to $4,104.7 million in 2023, due to organic growth of 5.6%, acquisition-related growth
of 3.5% and 0.6% positive impact from foreign currency translation.

Sales in 2024 for North America were up low single digit, excluding the impact of
currency translation and acquisitions, compared to 2023. Home & Personal Care
sales and profitability increased on strong demand for aluminum containers and
labels only partly offset by a decline in profitability for tubes. Healthcare & Specialty
results were mixed, with modestly improved AgChem results, especially in the
consumer lawn and garden space, more than offset by slower demand in Healthcare.
Food & Beverage results declined in soft end markets. CCL Design North America
sales and profitability improved on gains in automotive and electronics markets.
CCL Secure sales and profitability increased dramatically on robust demand for
passport components. Overall profitability and return on sales declined compared
to 2023.

European sales increased low single digit for 2024, excluding currency translation
and acquisitions, compared to 2023. Home & Personal Care recorded modest
organic sales growth but significant profitability improvement driven by improved
demand and productivity gains compared to a weak prior period. Healthcare &
Specialty sales and profitability gains were entirely attributable to the acquisition of
Faubel in the third quarter of 2023 and significantly improved results for AgChem
operations. Food & Beverage results were mixed with improvements in pressure
sensitive applications partly offset by reduced results for Sleeves and start-up losses
at new operations in Italy and Spain. CCL Design improved on profitability gains in
                                           27
automotive markets as well as increased demand in European electronics markets.
CCL Secure sales and profitability declined on slow demand and poor sales mix.
Overall European sales and profitability improved largely due to the favourable
impact of acquisitions and foreign exchange translation.

2024 sales in Latin America, excluding currency translation, improved almost
double digits compared to 2023. Strong profitability improvements in all lines of
business in Mexico outpaced organic sales growth, including a slight devaluation of
the peso. In Brazil, sales and profitability improved significantly, with considerable
gains in pressure sensitive applications offsetting a slight decline for Sleeves.
Underlying sales and profitability improvements in Argentina were offset by the
impact of currency devaluation. Chile recorded a profit in 2024 compared to a loss
in the prior year. Operating income and return on sales improved compared to 2023.

Asia Pacific 2024 sales, excluding acquisitions and currency translation, were up
double digits compared to 2023. Sales in China increased mid-single digit but
profitability increased significantly, driven by significant sales and profitability gains
at CCL Design Electronics and improvements at CCL Label more than offsetting soft
automotive results. Results in ASEAN countries were also strong overall with
especially robust profitability gains in Malaysia, Singapore and Thailand driven by
stronger electronics markets, new customer wins and favourable sales mix,
respectively. In Australia, sales and profitability improved on solid demand for labels
and improvements at CCL Secure. Sales and profitability improved dramatically in
South Africa. For the Asia Pacific region, operating income and return on sales
improved significantly.

Sales and profitability exceeded expectations for the Middle East subsequent to the
acquisition and consolidation of Pacman in early June 2024.

Operating income for the CCL Segment increased by 12.7% to $713.7 million for
2024 compared to $633.5 million for 2023, principally due to the strong results in
Asia Pacific and Latin America. Foreign currency translation also had a positive
effect of 0.2% on 2024 operating income compared to 2023. Operating income as a
percentage of sales improved to 15.9% for 2024 compared to 15.4% for 2023.

The CCL Segment invested $323.7 million in capital spending in 2024 compared to
$324.7 million last year. The major expenditures were for equipment installations
and new plants to support capacity additions globally. Depreciation and amortization,
excluding amortization on right-of-use assets, for the CCL Segment was $264.5
million in 2024, compared to $236.5 million in 2023.

C) Avery

Avery is one of the world’s largest supplier of labels, specialty converted media and
software solutions to enable short-run digital printing in businesses and homes
alongside complementary products sold through distributors and mass-market
retailers and pressure sensitive tapes in Brazil. The products are split into five
primary lines: (1) Printable Media (“PMG”): including address labels, product
identification labels and name badges/cards supported by customized software
                                          28
solutions where applicable; (2) Organization Products (“OPG”): including binders,
indexes, sheet protectors, and writing instruments; (3) Direct-to-Consumer: digitally
imaged labels, name & event badges, RFID enabled key cards & wristbands,
planners and kids-oriented identification labels supported by unique web-enabled e-
commerce URLs; (4) Pressure Sensitive Tapes; and (5) Horticultural labels & tags.
Products in the Printable Media and Direct-to-Consumer categories are
predominantly used by businesses and individual consumers consistently
throughout the year; however, in Organization Products, North American demand
typically surges for the back-to-school season during the third quarter. Horticultural
labels & tags are seasonally stronger in the first and fourth quarters.

Avery operates 25 manufacturing and three distribution facilities. Sales for Avery are
principally generated in North America, Europe, Latin America and Australia, with a
market-leading position. Many products are sold under the market-leading Avery
brand and, with equal prominence in German-speaking countries, under the
Zweckform brand name that is better known by consumers in that part of Europe.
Avery bolstered its presence in Latin America in 2022 with the Adelbras acquisition
in Brazil with its well established in-market brand under the same name. Avery also
has a well-known assembly of direct-to-consumer and direct-to-business brands
supported by unique URLs.

              pc/nametag                          Mabel’s Labels
              goedgemerkt                         badgepoint
              Imprint Plus                        Easy2Name
              Colle à Moi                         Stuck on You
              IDentilam                           I.D.&C.
              InTouch                             Plum Paper
              MasterTag                           RFID Hotel
              Floramedia                          Oomph Made
              Threshold

Avery reaches some of its consumers and end users at small businesses through
distribution channels including mass-market merchandisers, office superstores,
wholesalers, contract stationers, mail order and e-commerce retailers. Merger
activity and store closures in some of these distribution channels can lead to short-
term volume declines as customer inventory positions are consolidated. Avery is the
leading brand in its core markets, with the principal competition being lower-priced
private label products. Secular decline in Organization Products and core mailing
address labels has been partly offset by innovations such as shipping and product
identification labels and Avery’s proprietary direct-to-consumer e-commerce label
design software platform WePrint™. Furthermore, with 21 acquisitions since 2014,
Avery expanded its digital printing franchises to custom roll labels, the digital graphic
arts sector, the meetings and events planning industry, personalized identification
labels for kids, event badges, personalized planners, RFID-enabled keycards &
wristbands and horticultural labels & tags. Future growth rates in all these new
businesses are expected to outpace Avery’s legacy product lines. It is also the
Company’s expectation that Avery will continue to open up new revenue streams in
short-run digital printing applications.

                                           29
Avery Financial Performance
                                  2024     % Growth          2023

  Sales                     $ 1,049.1         0.9%     $ 1,039.9
  Operating income          $   211.5         6.0%     $   199.5
  Return on sales                20.2%                      19.2%

Avery sales for 2024 were $1,049.1 million a 0.9% improvement compared to the
$1,039.9 million posted in 2023. The increase was due to 0.7% acquisition-related
growth and 0.8% positive impact from foreign currency translation compared to
2023, partially offset by a 0.6% organic decline.

North American sales declined low-single digit for 2024, excluding currency
translation and acquisitions, compared to 2023. Sales in OPG product lines declined
however profitability improved principally on strong back-to-school mix while in PMG
product lines, results increased on pricing, foreign exchange benefits in Mexico and
cost saving initiatives. Sales and profitability gains in Direct-to-Consumer business
lines were driven by badges and gains in roll labels compared to 2023. Profitability
in the Horticultural business improved significantly on a continued rebound in home
and garden markets. Overall profitability and return on sales increased for 2024
compared to 2023.

International sales, largely generated from products in the PMG, Pressure Sensitive
Tapes, Horticultural and Direct-to-Consumer categories, represent approximately
35% of the Avery Segment for 2024. Sales, excluding acquisitions and currency
translation, were down slightly with solid organic growth in the European Direct-to-
Consumer and Horticultural categories partly offset by organic declines in legacy
PMG operations. Latin American results declined slightly, largely on a reclass of
part of the Pressure Sensitive Tapes business in Brazil into CCL Design. Results in
Australia declined in 2024 compared to 2023 on reduced consumer spending in
legacy product categories and operational challenges in Direct-to-Consumer kids
labels.

Operating income increased 6.0% to $211.5 million for 2024 compared to $199.5
million in 2023. Return on sales was 20.2% for 2024, an improvement compared to
19.2% for 2023, largely due to the impact of recent acquisitions.

Avery invested $25.5 million in capital spending for 2024, compared to $13.1 million
for 2023. 2024 expenditures were for infrastructure improvements throughout the
Avery product categories principally in North America and Europe. Depreciation and
amortization, excluding amortization on right-of-use assets, was $30.0 million for
2024 compared to $32.6 million for 2023.




                                         30
D) Checkpoint

Checkpoint is a leading manufacturer of technology-driven loss-prevention,
inventory-management and labeling solutions, including RF and RFID solutions, to
the broad retail and apparel industries globally. There are three primary product
lines: MAS, ALS and Meto. The MAS line focuses on electronic-article-surveillance
(“EAS”) systems, including hardware, software, labels and tags for loss prevention
and inventory control systems including RFID solutions. ALS products are apparel
labels and tags, some of which are RFID capable. Meto is a small, separately
branded Europe-centric product line, including hand-held pricing tools and labels
and promotional in-store displays. All MAS and ALS products are sold under the
Checkpoint brand.

Checkpoint is supported by 23 manufacturing facilities, seven distribution facilities
and three product and software development centres globally. Checkpoint is
headquartered in the United States but uses its worldwide footprint to generate sales
internationally. Checkpoint sells directly to retailers or apparel manufacturers and
competes with other global retail labeling companies.

Checkpoint’s market-leading position, strong brand recognition and product
development pipeline should still drive modest growth despite the move to an omni-
channel retail landscape. Large contracts with retailers for hardware and software
can create significant quarter-to-quarter and, in some cases, year-to-year revenue
volatility. However, Checkpoint’s comprehensive solution of hardware and software
also creates an important high-margin recurring revenue stream for related
consumables. The Company is also confident that Checkpoint can capture its share
of the fast-growing RFID market as retailers move increasingly to omni-channel
distribution from a single inventory position. New RFID applications are also
developing in the food, logistics and healthcare markets.

Checkpoint Financial Performance

                               2024       % Growth             2023

 Sales                     $   986.9          12.8%   $       875.2
 Operating income          $   150.9          14.3%   $       132.0
 Return on sales                15.3%                          15.1%

Checkpoint sales were $986.9 million for 2024, a 12.8% increase compared to
$875.2 million for 2023, driven by 13.6% organic growth partially offset by 0.8%
negative impact from foreign currency translation.

MAS sales improved in all regions compared to a solid 2023, with profitability gains
principally in Europe and Asia, slightly offset by a modest reduction in North America
and inclusive of start-up losses for the new Mexican RFID in-lay facility that
commenced operations at the end of the second quarter. This facility is expected to
ramp up in 2025 as it adds incremental manufacturing capacity to support RFID-
related sales beyond the apparel industry. Customers continued to reinvest in EAS
products in a retail industry that continues to be impacted by rising shrink losses.
                                         31
Restructuring and facility rationalization initiatives from recent years also yielded
profitability improvement in 2024. ALS organic growth was almost 30% on market
share gains in traditional product categories along with continued robust demand for
RFID-related products compared to a solid 2023. Profitability also increased
significantly compared to the prior year on the back of the strong volume gains. The
smaller Meto business recorded improved results for 2024 compared to 2023.

Operating income for 2024 was $150.9 million, an increase of 14.3% compared to
$132.0 million in 2023. Return on sales was 15.3% for 2024, compared to 15.1% for
2023.

Checkpoint invested $64.6 million in capital spending for 2024, compared to $43.3
million for 2023. The majority of expenditures in 2024 were in the Asia Pacific and
Latin American regions to enhance capacity in ALS manufacturing facilities and
RFID. Depreciation and amortization, excluding amortization on right-of-use assets,
was $38.7 million for 2024, compared to $36.2 million for 2023.

E) Innovia

Innovia operations acquired in 2017, Treofan acquired in 2018, Flexpol acquired in
2020 and two small legacy film manufacturing facilities transferred from the CCL
Segment make up this business. Innovia’s global footprint for the manufacture of
specialty high-performance, multi-layer, surface-engineered films, includes major
facilities located in each of Australia, Germany, Mexico, Poland and the United
Kingdom. These films are sold to customers in the pressure sensitive materials,
flexible packaging and consumer packaged goods industries worldwide, with a small
percentage of the total volume consumed internally by CCL Secure and CCL Label
within the CCL Segment. In addition, two smaller legacy facilities, one located in
Germany and one in the United States, produce almost their entire output for the
CCL Segment’s Food & Beverage and Home & Personal Care businesses,
respectively.

Polypropylene resin is the most significant input cost for this Segment, derived from
oil or natural gas and manufactured globally by a limited number of producers.
Polypropylene costs depend on the prices of natural gas, oil and the availability of
resin cracking capacity. Innovia does not use derivative financial instruments to
hedge its exposure to the volatility of polypropylene prices; therefore, many of its
large customer price agreements adjust for movements up and down in resin cost.
Polypropylene costs were relatively stable throughout 2024.

Film innovation remains a strategic focus for the Segment, investing resources in its
industry-leading research and development people and laboratory in the United
Kingdom. This commitment has resulted in the development of unique process
technology, highly differentiated specialty films and innovative surface coating
technology, keeping film innovation at the forefront for the Segment. To meet the
packaging world’s required environmental and sustainability initiatives, Innovia
commenced operations of its new “EcoFloat” investment in Poland mid-year 2022.
This hybrid polyolefin shrink film facilitates easy separation from the primary
packaging to accommodate customers’ bottle-to-bottle circular recycling initiatives
                                         32
globally. The majority of the film produced by this production line will be used by the
CCL Segment’s Food & Beverage business. Also in 2022, Innovia announced a
significant investment in new films manufacturing capacity in Germany. This new
multi-layer co-extrusion film line will produce highly engineered thin gauge pressure
sensitive label film to support growing sustainability-driven lower resin content
materials. Construction of this new facility started in 2023, with the commencement
of commercial operations slated for the first half of 2025.

In the fourth quarter of 2023, due to the prolonged label materials industry destocking
crisis that reduced demand for Innovia films post pandemic and the closure of the
Belgian operation, the Company recorded a $95.0 million non-cash goodwill
impairment loss. The Belgium-based bubble extrusion operation was shuttered mid-
2024, production was shifted to the U.K. and Australia, with a new more efficient
operating footprint for Innovia.

Innovia Financial Performance

                               2024       % Growth       2023
  Sales                     $ 706.4         12.2%     $ 629.8
  Operating income          $ 66.2          45.2%     $ 45.6
  Return on sales               9.4%                      7.2%

Innovia sales for 2024 increased 12.2% to $706.4 million, compared to $629.8
million in 2023, due to a 9.7% organic growth and 2.5% positive impact from foreign
currency translation. The sales growth was primarily driven by demand recovery in
the label materials industry globally, volume gains for the new EcoFloat film
manufactured in Poland and market share wins in North America offsetting the
reduction in volume associated with the closure of the Belgium operation. Films sold
internally for CCL Secure and CCL Label operations were solid. With the volume
gains and new lower cost operational footprint operating income increased 45.2% to
$66.2 million compared to $45.6 million for 2023. Return on sales improved to 9.4%
for 2024 compared to 7.2% for 2023.

Innovia invested $48.2 million in capital spending for 2024 compared to $80.5 million
in 2023. Capital additions were largely for the new film extrusion and top coating
capabilities in Europe and Mexico, respectively. Depreciation and amortization for
Innovia, excluding amortization on right-of-use assets, was $44.9 million for 2024,
compared to $46.6 million for 2023.




                                          33
F) Joint Ventures

  For the years ended December 31                         2024       2023        +/-
  Sales (at 100%)
   CCL Label joint ventures                           $ 141.7    $   191.7      (26.1%)

  Earnings in equity-accounted
  investments (at 100%)
    CCL Label joint ventures                          $   37.8   $   35.9        5.3%

  Earnings in equity-accounted investments (at 50%)   $   18.9   $   17.9        5.6%

Results from the joint ventures, including CCL-Kontur, Russia, and, up until the date of
its acquisition by the Company in June 2024, Pacman-CCL, Middle East, are not
proportionately consolidated into a Segment but instead are accounted for as equity
investments. The Company’s share of the joint ventures’ net earnings is disclosed in
“Earnings in Equity-Accounted Investments” in the consolidated income statements.
CCL-Kontur posted a strong year albeit with a slight decline in revenue and
profitability compared to a robust prior year. Pacman-CCL profitability for the period
prior to acquisition exceeded the 2023 full-year results. Earnings in equity-
accounted investments amounted to $18.9 million for 2024, compared to $17.9
million for 2023.




                                            34
3.       FINANCING AND RISK MANAGEMENT

A) Liquidity and Capital Resources

The Company’s leverage ratio is as follows:

 For the years ended December 31                   2024                 2023

 Current debt                              $         4.2        $        6.9
 Current lease liabilities                          47.2                45.0
 Long-term debt                                  2,232.5             2,067.8
 Long-term lease liabilities                       163.7               162.7
 Total debt(1)                                   2,447.6             2,282.4
 Cash and cash equivalents                        (828.7)             (774.2)
 Net debt(1)                               $     1,618.9        $    1,508.2
 Adjusted EBITDA                           $     1,497.1        $    1,332.1
 Net debt to Adjusted EBITDA(1)                      1.08                1.13

(1)   Total debt, net debt and net debt to Adjusted EBITDA are non-IFRS measures; see “Key
      Performance Indicators and Non-IFRS Measures” in Section 5A.

The Company’s debt structure at December 31, 2024, was primarily comprised of
the 144A 3.05% private notes due June 2030 in the principal amount of US$600.0
million ($858.1 million), 144A 3.25% private notes due October 2026 in the principal
amount of US$500.0 million ($717.6 million), the $300.0 million principal amount
3.864% Series 1 Notes due April 2028, and borrowings of $347.8 million on the
Company’s syndicated revolving credit facility. Outstanding contingent letters of
credit totaled $1.1 million; accordingly, there was approximately US$956.7 million of
unused availability on the revolving credit facility at December 31, 2024.

The Company’s debt structure at December 31, 2023, was primarily comprised of
the 144A 3.05% private notes due June 2030 in the principal amount of US$600.0
million ($788.7 million), 144A 3.25% private notes due October 2026 in the principal
amount of US$500.0 million ($659.6 million), the $300.0 million principal amount
3.864% Series 1 Notes due April 2028, and borrowings of $307.0 million on the
Company’s syndicated revolving credit facility. Outstanding contingent letters of
credit totaled $1.1 million; accordingly, there was approximately US$966.1 million of
unused availability on the revolving credit facility at December 31, 2023.

Net debt was $1,618.9 million at December 31, 2024, $110.7 million higher than the
net debt of $1,508.2 million at December 31, 2023. Net debt increased due to net
repayments of long-term debt of $23.6 million, inclusive of lease obligation
repayments, more than offset by the impact of foreign currency translation.

Net debt to Adjusted EBITDA decreased to 1.08 times as at December 31, 2024,
compared to 1.13 times at the end of 2023, due to an increase in net debt more than
offset by an increase in Adjusted EBITDA. The measure will continue to strengthen
as the Company strategically deploys its free cash flow for business acquisitions and
                                            35
capital expenditures, offset by any future purchase of shares under its normal course
issuer bid.

The Company’s overall average finance rate was 2.6% as at December 31, 2024,
compared to 2.8% at December 31, 2023, reflecting an increase in borrowing on the
Company’s syndicated revolving credit facility, which had lower short-term variable
interest rates at the end of 2024 compared to 2023.

Interest coverage (a non-IFRS measure; see “Key Performance Indicators and Non-
IFRS Measures” in Section 5A) was 14.2 times and 11.9 times in 2024 and 2023,
respectively, indicative of lower net finance costs and increased operating income.

The Company’s approach to managing liquidity risk is to ensure that it will always
have sufficient liquidity to meet liabilities when they are due. The Company believes
its liquidity will be satisfactory for the foreseeable future due to its significant cash
balances, its expected positive operating cash flow and the availability of its unused
revolving credit line. The Company anticipates funding all of its future commitments
from the above sources but may raise further funds by entering into new debt
financing arrangements or issuing further equity to satisfy its future additional
obligations or investment opportunities.

B) Cash Flow

 Summary of Cash Flows                                     2024             2023
 Cash provided by operating activities              $   1,063.9    $     1,003.3
 Cash used for financing activities                      (424.3)          (295.2)
 Cash used for investing activities                      (600.3)          (768.0)
 Effect of exchange rates on cash                          15.2              (5.4)
 Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents   $      54.5    $        (65.3)
 Cash and cash equivalents – end of year            $     828.7    $       774.2

In 2024, cash provided by operating activities was $1,063.9 million, compared to
$1,003.3 million in 2023. Free cash flow from operations (a non-IFRS measure; see
“Key Performance Indicators and Non-IFRS Measures” in Section 5A) was $606.5
million for 2024, compared to $559.6 million in the prior year. Driving the change in
these metrics for 2024 was an increase in adjusted net earnings partially offset by
increased working capital compared to 2023.

The Company maintains a rigorous focus on its investment in non-cash working
capital. Days of working capital employed (a non-IFRS measure; see “Key
Performance Indicators and Non-IFRS Measures” in Section 5A) increased to 37
days at December 31, 2024, compared to 30 days December 31, 2023, due to
working capital increases primarily at Innovia and CCL Home & Personal Care.

Cash used for financing activities in 2024 was $424.3 million, consisting of net
repayments of long-term debt and lease obligations of $23.6 million, dividend

                                           36
payments of $206.4 million and repurchase of Class B non-voting shares pursuant
to normal course issuer bids totaling $200.6 million, partly offset by proceeds from
the issuance of shares of $6.3 million due to the exercise of stock options.

Cash used for investing activities in 2024 of $600.3 million was primarily for the
$142.9 million acquisition of Pacman and net capital expenditures of $457.4 million.

After the above-noted items and the $15.2 million positive effect of foreign currency
rates, cash and cash equivalents increased by $54.5 million in 2024 to $828.7
million.

Capital spending in 2024 amounted to $462.0 million and proceeds from capital
dispositions were $4.6 million, resulting in net capital expenditures of $457.4 million,
compared to $443.7 million in 2023. Capital expenditures in 2024 were for capacity
additions in the year plus expected growth initiatives for 2025 and beyond.
Depreciation and amortization in 2024 amounted to $378.6 million, compared to
$352.6 million in 2023, excluding right-of-use asset amortization.

The Company is continuing to seek investment opportunities to expand its business
geographically, add capacity in its facilities and improve its competitiveness. As in
previous years, capital spending will be monitored closely and adjusted based on
the level of cash flow generated.

C) Interest Rate, Foreign Exchange Management and Other Hedges

The Company periodically uses derivative financial instruments to hedge interest
and foreign exchange rates. The Company does not utilize derivative financial
instruments for speculative purposes.

As the Company operates internationally with 2.0% of its 2024 sales to end-use
customers denominated in Canadian dollars, it has significant market risk exposure
to changes in foreign exchange rates. Each subsidiary’s sales and expenses are
primarily denominated in its local currency, minimizing the foreign exchange impact
on the operating results.

The Company also has exposure to market risks related to interest rate fluctuations
on its debt. To mitigate this risk, the Company maintains a combination of fixed and
floating rate debt.

The Company periodically uses interest rate swap agreements to allocate notional
debt between fixed and floating rates. The Company believes that a balance of fixed
and floating rate debt can reduce overall interest expense and is in line with its
investment in short-term assets such as working capital and long-term assets such
as property, plant and equipment. The Company uses cross-currency interest rate
swap agreements (“CCIRSA”) as a means to convert U.S. dollar debt into euro debt
to hedge a portion of its euro-based investment and cash flows.

As at December 31, 2024, the Company utilized CCIRSAs to hedge its euro-based
assets and cash flows, effectively converting notional US$264.7 million 3.25% fixed
                                        37
rate debt into 1.23% fixed rate euro debt, US$111.5 million 3.25% fixed rate debt
into 1.16% fixed rate euro debt, US$204.6 million 3.05% fixed rate debt into 2.06%
fixed rate euro debt and US$203.9 million 3.05% fixed rate debt into 2.00% fixed
rate euro debt. The effect of the CCIRSAs has been to decrease finance cost by
$16.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2024 (2023 - $16.6 million).

The Company has potential credit risks arising from derivative financial instruments
if a counterparty fails to meet its obligations. The Company’s counterparties are large
international financial institutions and, to date, no such counterparty has failed to
meet its financial obligations to the Company. As at December 31, 2024, the
Company had $62.8 million potential exposure to credit risk arising from derivative
financial instruments.

As at December 31, 2024, the Company had approximately US$1.1 billion and
€211.5 million drawn under the 144A private bonds and syndicated revolving credit
facility, which are hedging a portion of its U.S. dollar-based and euro-based
investments and cash flows, inclusive of U.S. dollar debt swapped to euros.

D)   Equity and Dividends

Summary of Changes in Equity

For the years ended December 31                               2024           2023
Net earnings                                            $     843.1    $     530.2
Dividends                                                    (206.4)        (188.2)
Settlement of exercised stock options                           7.6           34.5
Contributed surplus on expensing of stock options and
stock-based compensation plans                                 32.4           43.8
Defined benefit plan actuarial loss net of tax                 (6.9)         (11.2)
Repurchase of shares                                         (203.2)          (5.1)
Change in accumulated other comprehensive income
(loss)                                                        190.9          (46.0)

Increase in equity                                      $      657.5   $   358.0
Equity                                                  $    5,280.7   $ 4,623.2

Shares issued at December 31        – Class A (000s)         11,746         11,748
                                    – Class B (000s)        165,064        166,048


In 2024, the Company declared dividends of $206.4 million, compared to $188.2
million declared in the prior year. As previously discussed, the dividend payout ratio
in 2024 was 27% (2023 – 28%) of adjusted earnings. After careful review of the
current year results, budgeted cash flow and income for 2024, the Board declared a
10.3% increase in the annual dividend: an increase of $0.03 per Class B share per
quarter, from $0.29 to $0.32 per Class B share per quarter ($1.28 per Class B share
annualized).



                                          38
If cash flow periodically exceeds attractive acquisition opportunities available, the
Company may also repurchase its shares, provided that the repurchase is accretive
to earnings per share and it will not materially increase financial leverage beyond
targeted levels.

In May 2024, the Company renewed its share repurchase program under a normal
course issuer bid to purchase up to 14.75 million Class B non-voting shares,
approximately 9.93% of the public float of the Class B non-voting shares of the
Company. During 2024, the Company spent $200.6 million for the purchase of
2,628,909 Class B shares for cancellation. The excess of the purchase price over
the paid-up capital was charged to retained earnings.




                                         39
             E) Commitments and Other Contractual Obligations

             The Company’s obligations relating to debt, leases and other liabilities at the end of
             2024 were as follows:


                            December 31,                                             December 31, 2024
                                   2023                                                        Payments Due by Period
                                Carrying          Carrying    Contractual           0–6      6–12       1–2            2–5               More Than
                                 Amount           Amount      Cash Flows          Months   Months      Years          Years                5 Years
Non-derivative financial
liabilities
  Secured bank loans       $           0.1    $        0.1   $        0.1     $       -       $     0.1    $     -      $        -      $       -
  Unsecured bank loans                 7.0             3.6            3.6             1.0           0.9          1.4             0.3            -
  Unsecured
  144A 3.25% private
  notes                              659.6           717.6          719.2              -            -          719.2             -              -
  Unsecured 144A
  3.05% private notes                788.7           858.1          863.0              -            -            -               -           863.0
  Unsecured
  3.864% Series 1 Notes              299.1           299.3          300.0              -            -            -            300.0             -

  Unsecured syndicated
  bank credit facility               307.0           347.8          348.9             -             -            -            348.9             -
  Other long-term
  obligations                         13.2            10.2           10.2             2.2           -            -               8.0            -
  Interest on unsecured
  bank credit facilities                  *              *           31.9*            7.2           7.4        14.9              2.4            -

  Interest on 144A 3.25%
  private notes                           *              *           40.9*            5.9         11.7         23.3              -               -

  Interest on 144A 3.05%
  private notes                           *              *          142.6*          11.0          13.1          26.3           79.0            13.2

  Interest on unsecured
  3.864% Series 1 Notes                   *              *           38.1*            3.3           5.8         11.6           17.4             -

  Interest on other
  long-term debt                          *              *            1.3             0.1           -            -               1.2            -

  Trade and other
  payables                         1,329.5         1,416.9       1,416.9*         1,416.9            -           -               -              -
Accrued post-
employment benefit
liabilities                               *              *          289.0*            2.7           2.7         35.8           91.8          156.0

Lease liabilities                    207.7           210.9          246.0           25.6           24.9         42.0           73.0            80.5
Total contractual cash
obligations                $       3,611.9    $    3,864.5   $    4,451.7     $ 1,475.9       $    66.6    $   874.5    $     922.0     $   1,112.7



 * Accrued long-term employee benefit and post-employment benefit liability of $20.0 million, accrued interest of $10.9 million on unsecured notes,
 unsecured bonds and unsecured syndicated credit facilities, and accrued interest of $2.4 million on derivatives are reported in trade and other
 payables in 2024 (2023: $17.2 million, $10.1 million and $2.4 million, respectively).




                                                                         40
Pension Obligations

The Company sponsors a number of defined benefit plans in countries that give rise
to accrued post-employment benefit obligations. The accrued benefit obligation for
these plans at the end of 2024 was $616.4 million (2023 – $591.6 million), the fair
value of the plan assets was $310.1 million (2023 – $311.8 million) and an
irrevocable surplus due to an asset ceiling was $0.5 million (2023 – $1.4 million), for
a net deficit of $306.8 million (2023 – $281.2 million). Contributions to defined benefit
plans during 2024 were $20.5 million (2023 – $16.9 million). The Company expects
to contribute $75.8 million to pension plans in 2025, inclusive of defined contribution
plans. These estimated funding requirements will be adjusted annually, based on
various market factors such as interest rates, expected returns and staffing
assumptions, including compensation and mortality. The Company’s contributions
are funded through cash flows generated from operations. Management anticipates
that future cash flows from operations will be sufficient to fund expected future
contributions. Details of the Company’s pension plans and related obligations are
set out in note 20, “Employee Benefits,” of the Company’s 2024 annual consolidated
financial statements.

Other Obligations and Commitments

The Company has posted surety bonds through accredited insurance companies
globally totaling $26.0 million (2023 - $56.7 million). The nature of these
commitments is described in note 26 of the Company’s 2024 annual consolidated
financial statements. There are no defined benefit plans funded with the Company’s
stock.

F) Controls and Procedures

Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance
that all relevant information is gathered and reported to senior management,
including the President and Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) and the Senior Vice
President and Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”), on a timely basis so that appropriate
decisions can be made regarding public disclosure. The Company’s Disclosure
Committee reviews all external reports and documents before publication to
enhance disclosure controls and procedures.

As at December 31, 2024, based on the continued evaluation of the disclosure
controls and procedures, the CEO and the CFO have concluded that the Company’s
disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in National Instrument 52-109,
Certificate of Disclosure in Issuers Annual and Interim Filings (“NI 52-109”), are
effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports and
documents that the Company files or submits under Canadian securities legislation
is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified.

Internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with IFRS. Management is
responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
                                            41
reporting. NI 52-109 requires CEOs and CFOs to certify that they are responsible for
establishing and maintaining internal control over financial reporting for the issuer,
that internal control has been designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in
accordance with IFRS, that the internal control over financial reporting is effective,
and that the issuer has disclosed any changes in its internal control during its most
recent interim period that has materially affected or is reasonably likely to materially
affect its internal control over financial reporting.

Based on the evaluation of the design and operating effectiveness of the Company’s
internal control over financial reporting, the CEO and the CFO concluded that the
Company’s internal control over financial reporting was effective as at December 31,
2024.

There were no material changes in internal control over financial reporting in the
financial year ended December 31, 2024.

4. RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES

The Company is subject to the usual commercial risks and uncertainties from
operating as a Canadian public company and as a supplier of goods and services to
the non-durable consumer packaging and consumer durables industries on a global
basis. A number of these potential risks and uncertainties that could have a material
adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations of the
Company are, in no particular order, as follows:

The Conflict between Ukraine and Russia

Late in February of 2022 the conflict between Ukraine and Russia commenced and
to the extent it continues or escalates it may impact other risks disclosed in this
document and further impact the Company’s financial results.

For the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, a de minimis percentage of the
Company’s sales were derived directly from customers based in Russia and
Ukraine. However, the Company has a 50% equity interest in a U.K. holding
company that owns 100% of CCL Kontur, which operates four label plants,
headquartered in Podolsk, Russia. The Company’s 50% equity partner in this joint
venture has management control of the Russian operations. The Company
suspended all future financial support by way of equity injection or additional debt
financing to this joint venture while fully complying with all government-imposed
trade sanctions. The Company’s financial exposure in this joint venture is
approximately $63.0 million as at December 31, 2024. It is not possible at this time
to predict the ultimate consequences of the conflict in Ukraine and the impact on the
carrying value of the Company’s investment in this joint venture. The Company will
monitor the factors influencing the carrying value of its investment and, if appropriate,
may incur impairment charges. The conflict in Ukraine may escalate and/or expand
in scope with broader consequences, including further sanctions, embargoes,
regional instability, cyber events and geopolitical shifts; potential retaliatory action
by the Russian government against the Company and the Company’s joint venture
                                           42
or its customers, such as nationalization of foreign businesses in Russia; and
increased tensions between the western world and countries in which the Company
operates, none of which can be predicted. The Company also cannot predict the
conflict’s impact on the global economy and on its business and financial statements.

Raw Materials Component Parts, Inflation and Tariffs

Although the Company is a large customer to certain key suppliers, it is also an
inconsequential buyer of some materials and components such as computer chips.
The ability to grow earnings will be affected by inflationary and other increases in the
cost of electronic sub-assemblies and raw materials, aluminum ingot, slugs and foils,
resins, extruded films, pressure sensitive laminates, paper, binder rings and plastic
components. Inflationary and other increases in the costs of raw materials, labour
and energy have occurred in the past and are expected to reoccur. Raw materials
and components may also be subject to new or increased tariffs. The Company’s
performance depends in part on its ability to pass these cost increases on to
customers in the price of its products and to effect improvements in productivity. The
Company may not be able to fully offset the effects of raw material costs and other
sourced components through price increases, productivity improvements or cost-
reduction programs. If the Company cannot obtain sufficient quantities of these items
at competitive prices, of appropriate quality and on a timely basis, it may not be able
to produce sufficient quantities of product to satisfy market demand, product
shipments may be delayed, or its material or manufacturing costs may increase.
Innovia is sensitive to price movements in polypropylene resin used in its films for
label, packaging and security applications. Polypropylene is the most significant
input cost and is traded in the market, with prices linked to the market price of natural
gas and refining capacity. Price movements must be managed and, where
necessary, passed along to the Segment’s customers. Failure to pass along higher
costs in a timely and effective manner to its customers could have a material adverse
effect on the Innovia Segment’s business and profitability. Checkpoint’s supply chain
relies significantly on components sourced from factories in Asia; therefore, supply
disruption and tariff changes could adversely affect sales and profitability. Avery’s
U.S. supply chain relies substantially on its plant in Tijuana, Mexico; supply
disruption, changes to border controls, tariff changes, or any renegotiation of, or
amendments to, the provisions of the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement
(“USMCA”) on trade could adversely affect sales and profitability. CCL Container
and Innovia are also significant exporters to the United States from Mexico while
CCL Label Mexico is a large importer of materials from the United States. Overall,
any of these problems could result in the loss of customers and revenue, provide an
opportunity for competing products to gain market acceptance and have a material
adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition and results of
operations.

Potential Risks Relating to Significant Operations in Foreign Countries

The Company operates plants in North America, Europe, Latin America, Africa, Asia,
Australia and the Middle East. Sales to customers located outside of Canada in 2024
were approximately 98% of the Company’s total sales, a level similar to that in 2023.
Non-Canadian operating results are translated into Canadian dollars at the average
                                         43
exchange rate for the period covered. The Company has significant operating bases
in both the United States and Europe. In 2024, 37.7% and 30.7% of total sales were
to customers in the United States and Europe, respectively. The Company’s
operating results and cash flows could be negatively impacted by slower or declining
growth rates in these key markets. The sales from business units in Latin America,
Asia, Africa, Australia and the Middle East in 2024 were 29.6% of the Company’s
total sales. In addition, the Company has an equity-accounted investments in
Russia. There are risks associated with operating a decentralized organization in
213 manufacturing facilities in 42 countries around the world with a variety of
different cultures and values. Operations outside of Canada, the United States and
Europe are perceived generally to have greater political and economic risks and
include the Company’s operations in Latin America, parts of Asia, Russia and the
Middle East. These risks include, but are not limited to, fluctuations in currency
exchange rates, inflation, changes in foreign laws and regulations, military conflicts,
government nationalization of certain industries, currency controls, potential adverse
tax consequences and locally accepted business practices and standards that may
not be similar to accepted business practices and standards in North America and
Europe. Although, the Company largely sells its products in the regimes it operates
in, the enactment of punitive import tariffs and the potential retaliatory measure taken
by legislators may have a harmful impact on the Company’s customers supply chain,
thereby possibly have a material adverse effect to CCL. The Company has controls
and procedures intended to mitigate these risks; however, these risks cannot be
entirely eliminated and may have a material adverse effect on the consolidated
financial results of the Company.

Impairment in the Carrying Value of Goodwill and Indefinite-Life Intangible Assets

As of December 31, 2024, the Company had approximately $3,028.7 million of
goodwill and indefinite-life intangible assets on its consolidated statement of financial
position, the value of which is reviewed for impairment at least annually. The
assessment of the value of goodwill and intangible assets depends on a number of
key factors requiring estimates and assumptions about earnings growth, operating
margins, discount rates, economic projections, anticipated future cash flows and
market capitalization. During the fourth quarter of 2023, the Company recorded a
non-cash goodwill impairment loss of $95.0 million for the Innovia Segment. There
can be no assurance that future reviews of goodwill and intangible assets will not
result in additional impairment charges. Although it does not affect cash flow, an
impairment charge does have the effect of reducing the Company’s earnings, total
assets and equity.

Competitive Environment

The Company faces competition from other suppliers in all the markets in which it
operates. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to compete
successfully against its current or future competitors or that such competition will not
have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of
operations of the Company. This competitive environment may preclude the
Company from passing on higher material, labour and energy costs to its customers.
Any significant increase in in-house manufacturing by customers of the Company
                                           44
could adversely affect the business, financial condition and results of operations of
the Company. In addition, the Company’s consolidated financial results may be
negatively impacted by competitors developing new products or processes that are
of superior quality to those of the Company or that fit the Company’s customers’
needs better, or have lower costs; or by consolidation within the Company’s
competitors or by further pricing pressure being placed on the industry by the large
retail chains.

Foreign Exchange Exposure and Hedging Activities

Sales of the Company’s products to customers outside Canada account for
approximately 98% of the revenue of the Company. Because the prices for such
products are quoted in foreign currencies, any increase in the value of the Canadian
dollar relative to such currencies, in particular the U.S. dollar and the euro, reduces
the amount of Canadian dollar revenues and operating income reported by the
Company in its consolidated financial statements. The Company also buys inputs
for its products in world markets in several currencies. Exchange rate fluctuations
are beyond the Company’s control and there can be no assurance that such
fluctuations will not have a material adverse effect on the reported results of the
Company. The use of derivatives to provide hedges of certain exposures, such as
interest rate swaps, forward foreign exchange contracts and aluminum futures
contracts, could impact negatively on the Company’s operations.

Retention of Key Personnel and Experienced Workforce

Management believes that an important competitive advantage of the Company has
been, and will continue to be, the know-how and expertise possessed by its
personnel at all levels of the Company. While the machinery and equipment used by
the Company are generally available to competitors of the Company, the experience
and training of the Company’s workforce allows the Company to obtain a level of
efficiency and a level of flexibility that management believes to be high relative to
levels in the industries in which it competes. To date, the Company has been
successful in recruiting, training and retaining its personnel over the long term, and
while management believes that the know-how of the Company is widely distributed
throughout the Company, the loss of the services of certain of its experienced
personnel could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition
and results of operations of the Company.

The operations of the Company are dependent on the abilities, experience and
efforts of its senior management team. To date, the Company has been successful
in recruiting and retaining competent senior management. Loss of certain members
of the executive team of the Company could have a disruptive effect on the
implementation of the Company’s business strategy and the efficient running of day-
to-day operations. This could have a material adverse effect on the business,
financial condition and results of operations of the Company.




                                          45
Acquired Businesses

As part of its growth strategy, the Company continues to pursue acquisition
opportunities where such transactions are economically and strategically justified.
However, there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to identify
attractive acquisition opportunities in the future or have the required resources to
complete desired acquisitions, or that it will succeed in effectively managing the
integration of acquired businesses. The failure to implement the acquisition strategy,
to successfully integrate acquired businesses or joint ventures into the Company’s
structure, or to control operating performance and achieve synergies could have a
material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.

In addition, there may be liabilities that the Company has failed or was unable to
discover in its due diligence prior to the consummation of the acquisition. In
particular, to the extent that prior owners of acquired businesses failed to comply
with or otherwise violated applicable laws, including environmental laws, the
Company, as a successor owner, may be financially responsible for these violations.
The discovery of any material liabilities could have a material adverse effect on the
business, financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Long-Term Growth Strategy

The Company has experienced significant and steady growth over the last decade.
The Company’s organic growth initiatives coupled with its international acquisitions
over the last number of years can place a strain on a number of aspects of its
operating platform including human infrastructure, operational capacity and
information systems. The Company’s ability to continually adapt and augment all
aspects of its operational platform is critical to realizing its long-term growth strategy.
Another key aspect to the Company’s growth strategy includes increased
development of the Company’s presence in emerging markets that could create
exposure to unstable political conditions, economic volatility and social challenges.
If the Company cannot adjust to its anticipated growth, results of operations could
be materially adversely affected.

Lower than Anticipated Demand

Although Checkpoint enjoys the advantage of significantly lower customer
concentration than the rest of the Company, it remains heavily dependent on the
retail marketplace. Changes in the economic environment including the liquidity and
financial condition of its customers, the impact of online customer spending or
reductions in retailer spending and new store openings could adversely affect sales.
A reduction in the commitment for chain-wide installations due to decreased
consumer spending that results in reduced demand for loss prevention by retail
customers or failure to develop new technology that entices the customer to maintain
its commitment to Checkpoint’s loss prevention products and services may also
have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition and
results of operations.

                                            46
Exposure to Income Tax Reassessments

The Company operates in many countries throughout the world. Each country has
its own income tax regulations and many of these countries have additional income
and other taxes applied at state, provincial and local levels. The Company’s
international investments are complex and subject to interpretation in each
jurisdiction from a legal and tax perspective. The Company’s tax filings are subject
to audit by local authorities, and the Company’s positions in these tax filings may be
challenged. The Company may not be successful in defending these positions and
could be involved in lengthy and costly litigation during this process and could be
subject to additional income taxes, interest and penalties. This outcome could have
a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of
operations of the Company.

Realization of Deferred Tax Assets

The Company needs to generate sufficient taxable income in future periods in certain
foreign and domestic tax jurisdictions to realize the tax benefit. If there is a significant
change in the time period within which the underlying temporary difference or loss
carry-forwards become taxable or deductible, the Company may have to revise its
unrecognized deferred tax assets. This could result in an increase in the effective
tax rate and could have a material adverse effect on future results. Changes in
statutory tax rate may change the deferred tax asset or liability, with either a positive
or a negative impact on the effective tax rate. The computation and assessment of
the ability to realize the deferred tax asset balance is complex and requires
significant judgment. New legislation or a change in underlying assumptions may
have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of the
Company.

Fluctuations in Operating Results

While the Company’s operating results over the past several years have indicated a
general upward trend in sales and net earnings, operating results within particular
product forms, within particular facilities of the Company and within particular
geographic markets have undergone fluctuations in the past and, in management’s
view, are likely to do so in the future. Operating results may fluctuate in the future as
a result of many factors in addition to the global economic conditions, and these
factors include the volume of orders received relative to the manufacturing capacity
of the Company, the level of price competition (from competing suppliers both in
domestic and in other lower-cost jurisdictions), variations in the level and timing of
orders, the cost of raw materials and energy, the ability to develop innovative
solutions and the mix of revenue derived in each of the Company’s businesses.
Operating results may also be impacted by the inability to achieve planned volumes
through normal growth and successful renegotiation of current contracts with
customers and by the inability to deliver expected benefits from cost-reduction
programs derived from the restructuring of certain business units. Any of these

                                            47
factors or a combination of these factors could have a material adverse effect on the
business, financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Insurance Coverage

Management believes that insurance coverage of the Company’s facilities
addresses all material insurable risks, provides coverage that is similar to that which
would be maintained by a prudent owner/operator of similar facilities and is subject
to deductibles, limits and exclusions that are customary or reasonable given the cost
of procuring insurance and current operating conditions. However, there can be no
assurance that such insurance will continue to be offered on an economically
feasible basis or at current premium levels, that the Company will be able to pass
through any increased premium costs, or that all events that could give rise to a loss
or liability are insurable, or that the amounts of insurance will at all times be sufficient
to cover each and every loss or claim that may occur involving the assets or
operations of the Company.

Catastrophic Events

Natural disasters, such as earthquakes, tsunamis, floods or wildfires, public health
crises, such as epidemics and pandemics, political instability, acts of terrorism, war
or other conflicts and other events outside of the Company’s control, may adversely
impact its business and operating results. In addition to the direct impact that such
events could have on the Company’s facilities and workforce, these types of events
could negatively impact consumer spending in the impacted regions or, depending
on the severity, globally, which would impact the Company’s customers and in turn
impact demand for its products.

Dependence on Customers

The Company has a modest dependence on certain customers. The Company’s two
largest customers combined accounted for approximately 6.7% (2023 – 6.9%) of the
consolidated revenue for the fiscal year 2024. The five largest customers of the
Company represented approximately 13.0% (2023 – 13.8%) of the total revenue for
2024 and the 25 largest customers represented approximately 33.2% (2023 –
33.8%) of the total revenue. Several thousand customers make up the remainder of
total revenue. Although the Company has strong partnership relationships with its
customers, there can be no assurance that the Company will maintain its relationship
with any particular customer or continue to provide services to any particular
customer at current levels. A loss of any significant customer, or a decrease in the
sales to any such customer, could have a material adverse effect on the business,
financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Consolidation within
the consumer products market base and office retail superstores could have a
negative impact on the Company’s business, depending on the nature and scope of
any such consolidation.




                                            48
Environmental, Health and Safety Requirements and Other Considerations

The Company is subject to numerous federal, provincial, state and municipal
statutes, regulations, by-laws, guidelines and policies, as well as permits and other
approvals related to the protection of the environment and workers' health and
safety. The Company maintains active health and safety and environmental
programs for the purpose of preventing injuries to employees and pollution incidents
at its manufacturing sites. The Company also carries out a program of environmental
compliance audits, including an independent third-party pollution liability assessment
for acquisitions, to assess the adequacy of compliance at the operating level and to
establish provisions, as required, for environmental site remediation plans. The
Company has environmental insurance for most of its operating sites, with certain
exclusions for historical matters.

Despite these programs and insurance coverage, further proceedings or inquiries
from regulators on employee health and safety requirements, particularly in Canada,
the United States and the European Economic Community (collectively, the “EHS
Requirements”), could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial
condition and results of operations of the Company. In addition, changes to existing
EHS Requirements, the adoption of new EHS Requirements in the future, or
changes to the enforcement of EHS Requirements, as well as the discovery of
additional or unknown conditions at facilities owned, operated or used by the
Company, could require expenditures that might materially affect the business,
financial condition and results of operations of the Company to the extent not
covered by indemnity, insurance or covenant not to sue. Furthermore, while the
Company has generally benefited from increased regulations on its customers’
products, the demand for the services or products of the Company may be adversely
affected by the amendment or repeal of laws or by changes to the enforcement
policies of the regulatory agencies concerning such laws.

Operating and Product Hazards

The Company’s revenues are dependent on the continued operation of its facilities
and its customers. The operation of manufacturing plants involves many risks,
including the failure or substandard performance of equipment, natural disasters,
suspension of operations and new governmental statutes, regulations, guidelines
and policies. The total loss of certain of the Company’s manufacturing plants could
have a significant financial impact on the affected business segment, particularly
where the plant represents a single or significant source of supply. The operations
of the Company and its customers are also subject to various hazards incidental to
the production, use, handling, processing, storage and transportation of certain
hazardous materials. These hazards can cause personal injury, severe damage to
and destruction of property and equipment and environmental damage.
Furthermore, the Company may become subject to claims with respect to workplace
exposure, workers’ compensation and other matters. The Company’s
pharmaceutical and specialty food product operations are subject to stringent
federal, state, provincial and local health, food and drug regulations and controls,
and may be impacted by consumer product liability claims and the possible
unavailability and/or expense of liability insurance. The Company prints information
                                            49
on its labels and containers that, if incorrect, could give rise to product liability claims.
A determination by applicable regulatory authorities that any of the Company’s
facilities are not in compliance with any such regulations or controls in any material
respect may have a material adverse effect on the Company. A successful product
liability claim (or a series of claims) against the Company in excess of its insurance
coverage could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition
and results of operations of the Company. There can be no assurance as to the
actual amount of these liabilities or the timing thereof. The occurrence of material
operational problems, including, but not limited to, the above events, could have a
material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.

Material Disruption of Information Technology Systems

The Company is increasingly dependent on information technology (“IT”) systems to
manufacture its products, process transactions, respond to customer questions,
manage inventory, purchase, sell and ship goods on a timely basis and maintain
cost-efficient operations, as well as maintain its e-commerce websites. Any material
disruption or slowdown of the systems, including a disruption or slowdown caused
by the Company’s failure to successfully upgrade its systems, system failures,
viruses or other causes, could have a material adverse effect on the business,
financial condition and results of operations of the Company. If changes in
technology cause the Company’s information systems to become obsolete or if
information systems are inadequate to handle growth, the Company could incur
losses and costs due to interruption of its operations.

The Company maintains information within its IT networks and on the cloud to
operate its business, as well as confidential personal employee and customer
information. The secure maintenance of this information is critical to the Company’s
operations and reputation. The Company invests in hardware and software to
prevent the risk of intrusion, tampering and theft. Any such unauthorized breach of
the IT infrastructure could compromise the data maintained, which could cause the
corruption or exposure of confidential or proprietary information, a significant
disruption in operations, the loss or theft of critical data and financial resources and
meaningful harm to the Company’s reputation, any of which could result in a material
adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition and results of
operations.

The Timing and Volume of New Banknote Orders

The CCL Secure banknote substrate operation is dependent on government
procurement decisions and the volume and timing of new or replacement banknote
orders is often uncertain. These decisions can be influenced by many political factors
that could delay or reduce the volume of banknote orders. The impact of new large
volume banknote orders may result in the Company having to invest in material
capital projects to support government procurement decisions. As a result, volatility
may be created in the cash flows and in the financial results of the CCL Secure
operations, which could have a material adverse effect on the financial condition of
the Company.
                                         50
Product Security

CCL Secure’s banknote substrate business is involved in high security applications
and must maintain highly secured facilities and product shipments. CCL Secure
maintains vigorous security and material control procedures. All employees, guests
and third-party contractors with access to facilities and products are prudently
screened and monitored. However, the loss of a product, counterfeiting of a high
security feature or the breach of a secured facility as a result of negligence, collusion
or theft is possible. Loss of product whilst in transit, particularly during trans-
shipment, through the failure of freight management companies or the loss of the
shipment vehicle by accident or act of God is possible. Consequently, the financial
damage and potential reputational impairment on CCL Secure may have a material
adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition and results of
operations.

Financial Reporting

The Company prepares its financial reports in accordance with accounting policies
and methods prescribed by IFRS. In the preparation of financial reports,
management may need to rely upon assumptions, make estimates or use their best
judgment in determining the financial condition of the Company. Material accounting
policies are described in more detail in the notes to the Company’s annual
consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2024. In order
to have a reasonable level of assurance that financial transactions are properly
authorized, assets are safeguarded against unauthorized or improper use and
transactions are properly recorded and reported, the Company has implemented
and continues to analyze its internal control systems for financial reporting. Although
the Company believes that its financial reporting and financial statements are
prepared with reasonable safeguards to ensure reliability, the Company cannot
provide absolute assurance in that regard.

Compliance with Anti-Bribery and Export Laws

Due to the Company’s global operations, the Company is subject to many laws
governing international relations, including those that prohibit improper payments to
government officials and commercial customers, and which may restrict where the
Company can do business, what information or products the Company can supply
to certain countries and what information the Company can provide to foreign
governments, including but not limited to the Canadian Corruption of Foreign Public
Officials Act (“CFPOA”), the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (“FCPA”), the U.K.
Bribery Act and the U.S. Export Administration Act. The Company’s policies
mandate compliance with these anti-bribery laws. The Company operates in many
parts of the world that have experienced governmental corruption to some degree
and, in certain circumstances, strict compliance with anti-bribery laws may conflict
with local customs and practices. Given the high level of complexity of these laws,
there is a risk that some provisions may be inadvertently or intentionally breached,
for example, through fraudulent or negligent behavior of individual employees, the
                                           51
Company’s failure to comply with certain formal documentation requirements or
otherwise. Additionally, the Company may be held liable for actions taken by local
dealers and partners. If the Company is found to be liable for CFPOA, FCPA or other
violations (either due to the Company’s own acts or through inadvertence, or due to
the acts or inadvertence of others), the Company could suffer from civil and criminal
penalties or other sanctions, which could have a material adverse impact on the
Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations.

New Product Developments

Markets are continually evolving based on the ingenuity of the Company and its
competitors, consumer preferences and new product identification and information
technologies. In particular, customers and consumers are seeking more sustainable
product offerings using recyclable components and enabling circularity in product
use. To the extent that any such new developments result in a decrease in the use
of any of the Company’s products, a material adverse effect on the financial condition
and results of operations could occur.

Checkpoint’s ability to create new products and to sustain existing products is
affected by whether the Company can develop and fund technological innovations,
such as those related to the next generation of product solutions, evolving RFID
technologies, and other innovative security devices, software and systems
initiatives. The failure to develop and launch successful new products could have a
material adverse effect on Checkpoint’s business, financial condition and results of
operations.

Although Innovia has a unique manufacturing process for a portion of its film product
line and CCL Secure is the leading manufacturer of polymer banknote substrate, the
Company depends on its ability to constantly evolve the technological capabilities of
its products to meet the demands of its customer base. New scientific advancements
in polymer film manufacturing could curtail the use of Innovia’s films, while the
advancement of e-commerce and cashless societies may outmode the need for
polymer banknotes. Innovia’s investment in its new hybrid polyolefin film facility in
Poland and new thin-gauge film facility in Germany, are to support sustainability
ambitions of its customers. It may take time for these operations to become profitable
and there can be no assurances of success. Failure to invest in intellectual
properties and perpetually innovate may result in lower demand for films and
banknote substrate and could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s
business, financial condition and results of operations.

Labour Relations

While labour relations between the Company and its employees have been stable
in the recent past and there have been no material disruptions in operations as a
result of labour disputes, the maintenance of a productive and efficient labour
environment cannot be assured. Accordingly, a strike, lockout or deterioration of
labour relations could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial
condition and results of operations of the Company.

                                         52
Legal and Regulatory Proceedings

Any alleged failure by the Company to comply with applicable laws and regulations
in the countries of operation may lead to the imposition of fines and penalties or the
denial, revocation or delay in the renewal of permits and licenses issued by
governmental authorities or litigation. In addition, governmental authorities, as well
as third parties, may claim that the Company is liable for environmental remediation
or damages. A significant judgment against the Company, the loss of a significant
permit or other approval or the imposition of a significant fine or penalty could have
a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of
operations of the Company.

Moreover, the Company may from time to time be notified of claims that it may be
infringing patents, copyrights or other intellectual property rights owned by other third
parties. Any litigation could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources,
and could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and
results of operations of the Company. In the future, third parties may assert
infringement claims against the Company or its customers. In the event of an
infringement claim, the Company may be required to spend a significant amount of
money to develop a non-infringing alternative or to obtain licenses. The Company
may not be successful in developing such an alternative or obtaining a license on
reasonable terms, if at all. In addition, any such litigation could be lengthy and costly
and could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and
results of operations of the Company.

The Company may also be subject to claims arising from its failure to manufacture
a product to the specifications of its customers or from personal injury arising from a
consumer’s use of a product or component manufactured by the Company. While
the Company will seek indemnity from its customers for claims made against the
Company by consumers, and while the Company maintains what management
believes to be appropriate levels of insurance to respond to such claims, there can
be no assurance that the Company will be fully indemnified by its customers or that
insurance coverage will continue to be available or, if available, will be adequate to
cover all costs arising from such claims. In addition, the Company could become
subject to claims relating to its prior or acquired businesses, including environmental
and tax matters, or claims by third parties, such as distributors or agents. There can
be no assurance that insurance coverage will be adequate to cover all costs arising
from such claims.

Specifically, in the first quarter of 2019, a hearing on a jurisdictional issue was heard
in respect of a lawsuit launched in 2011 by Benoy Berry and a company controlled
by him, Global Secure Currency Ltd. (collectively, “Berry”), in Nigerian Federal Court
against CCL Secure Pty Ltd. (formerly Innovia Security Pty Ltd.) (“ISPL”), and
Innovia Films Ltd. (collectively, “IFL”), as well as other defendants not affiliated with
ISPL. The court denied IFL’s motion to dismiss the lawsuit on the jurisdictional issue.
IFL is appealing that decision to the highest appeals court in Nigeria. The lawsuit
alleges that IFL and the co-defendants committed to build a banknote substrate plant
in Nigeria and Berry seeks an order requiring IFL and the co-defendants to build the
plant or in lieu thereof, grant an award of total damages in the amount of €1.5 billion
                                             53
($2.2 billion). IFL intends to vigorously defend this claim, which the Company
considers to be without merit and accordingly, the Company has made no provision
for the matter.

Defined Benefit Post-Employment Plans

The Company is the sponsor of a number of defined benefit plans in sixteen
countries that give rise to accrued post-employment benefit obligations. Although
the Company believes that its current financial resources combined with its expected
future cash flows from operations and returns on post-employment plan assets will
be sufficient to satisfy the obligations under these plans in future years, the cash
outflow and higher expenses associated with these plans may be higher than
expected and may have a material adverse impact on the financial condition of the
Company.

Breach of Legal and Regulatory Requirements

CCL Secure’s banknote substrate operation has the highest accreditation within the
security printing industry. This accreditation provides governments and central
banks with assurance in respect of safeguarding high ethical standards and
business practices. Violation of CCL Secure’s highly strict requirements and
constant detailed oversight in relation to bribery, corruption and anti-competitive
activities remains a risk in an industry expecting the highest ethical standards.
Consequently, the financial damage and potential reputational impairment on CCL
Secure that could arise if the standards and practices are compromised, or perceived
to have been compromised, could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s
business, financial condition and results of operations.

Credit Ratings

The credit ratings currently assigned to the Company by Moody’s and S&P, or that
may in the future be assigned by other rating agencies, are subject to amendment
in accordance with each agency’s rating methodology and subjective modifiers
driving the credit rating opinion. There is no assurance that any rating assigned to
the Company will remain in effect for any given period of time or that any rating will
not be revised or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency in the future. A downgrade
in the credit rating assigned by one or more rating agencies could increase the
Company’s cost of borrowing or impact the Company’s ability to renegotiate debt,
and may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition and
profitability.

Share Price Volatility

Changes in the Company’s stock price may affect access to, or cost of, financing
from capital markets and may affect stock-based compensation arrangements. The
Company’s stock price has appreciated significantly over the last ten years and is
influenced by the financial results of the Company, changes in the overall stock
market, demand for equity securities, relative peer group performance, market
expectation of future financial performance and competitive dynamics among many
                                         54
other things. There is no assurance that the Company’s share price will not be
volatile in the future.

Protection of Intellectual Property

Certain of the Company’s products involve complex technology and chemistry and
the Company relies on maintaining protection of this intellectual property and
proprietary information to maintain a competitive advantage. The infringement,
expiration or other loss of these patents and other proprietary information would
reduce the barriers to entry into the Company’s existing lines of business and may
result in loss of market share and a decrease in the Company’s competitiveness,
which could have an adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows. There also can be no assurance that the patents
previously obtained or to be obtained by the Company in the future will provide
adequate protection of such intellectual property or adequately maintain any
competitive advantage.

Dividends

The declaration and payment of dividends is subject to the discretion of the Board of
Directors taking into account current and anticipated cash flow, capital requirements,
the general financial condition of the Company and global economy as well as the
various risk factors set out above. The Board of Directors intends to pay a consistent
dividend with consistent increases over time. However, the Board of Directors may
in certain circumstances determine that it is in the best interests of the Company to
reduce or suspend the dividend. In that situation, the trading price of the Company’s
Class A and Class B shares may be materially affected.

Climate Change

Event risks caused by global climate change, including the frequency and severity
of weather-related events, could damage the Company’s facilities, disrupt
operations, impact revenues and cash flow, and create financial risk. These could
result in substantial costs for emergency response efforts during the event,
reinstatement of regular business operations and repair or replacement of premises
and equipment. The potential impact or financial consequence of such events is
highly uncertain. The Company's operations are spread over more than 213
locations around the world and therefore subject to varying climate change event
risks.

Global climate change also gives rise to other risks to the Company’s business and
operations, including increased regulation and market shifts in supply and demand,
which are also difficult to predict. Many countries in which the Company carries on
business are at differing stages of developing policy and regulations regarding
carbon emissions and other environmental impacts, which could significantly affect
the Company’s business, create financial obligations and increase operating costs.
Increased public awareness of climate change may impact consumer demand for
the Company’s customers' products. The Company’s failure to innovate more

                                         55
sustainable or circular economy products could have a material adverse effect on its
financial condition and profitability.

The Company’s failure to implement environmental, social and governance targets
and initiatives, or to achieve its sustainability targets could have a material adverse
impact on its financial condition and profitability.

Pandemic

In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared a global pandemic related
to Covid-19 (“CV19”). The impacts on global commerce had been far-reaching.
CV19 or a similar pandemic could lead to unprecedented governmental actions in
multiple jurisdictions, including the closure of workplaces determined to be non-
essential, the imposition of new health and monitoring requirements and the
imposition of restrictions on the international, national and local movement of people
and some goods. These could also lead to significant disruptions to business
operations, supply chains and customer activity and demand; service cancellations,
workforce reductions and other changes; the imposition of quarantines and curfews;
as well as considerable general concern and uncertainty. Significant stock market
volatility and significant volatility in foreign exchange and commodity markets could
ensue. Therefore, the reoccurrence of CV19 or a similar pandemic and its impact on
the Company’s financial performance and position is an area of estimation
uncertainty and judgment that could lead to a material adverse effect on the
Company’s employees, customers and/or suppliers and could have a material
adverse effect on the Company.

5.     ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND NON-IFRS MEASURES

A) Key Performance Indicators and Non-IFRS Measures

The Company measures the success of the business using a number of key
performance indicators, many of which are in accordance with IFRS as described
throughout this report. The following performance indicators are not measurements
in accordance with IFRS and should not be considered as an alternative to or
replacement of net earnings or any other measure of performance under IFRS.
These non-IFRS measures do not have any standardized meaning and may not be
comparable to similar measures presented by other issuers. These additional
measures are used to provide added insight into the Company’s results and are
concepts often seen in external analysts’ research reports, in financial covenants in
banking agreements and note agreements, in purchase and sales contracts on
acquisitions and divestitures of the business, and in discussions and reports to and
from the Company’s shareholders and the investment community. These non-IFRS
measures will be found throughout this report and are referenced alphabetically in
the definition section below.

Adjusted Basic Earnings per Class B Share – An important non-IFRS measure to
assist in understanding the ongoing earnings performance of the Company
excluding items of a one-time or non-recurring nature. It is not considered a
substitute for basic net earnings per Class B share, but it does provide additional
                                        56
insight into the ongoing financial results of the Company. This non-IFRS measure is
defined as basic net earnings per Class B share excluding gains on business
dispositions, goodwill impairment loss, non-cash acquisition accounting adjustments
to inventory, revaluation gain, restructuring and other items and tax adjustments.

 Earnings per Class B Share            Three Months Ended        Twelve Months Ended
                                          December 31               December 31
                                        2024       2023            2024        2023
 Basic earnings                       $ 1.01    $ 0.22         $    4.73 $      2.99
 Net loss from restructuring
                                          0.01        0.21          0.03        0.23
 and other items
 Goodwill impairment loss                  -          0.54          -           0.54
 Revaluation gain                          -           -           (0.44)       -
 Adjusted basic earnings              $   1.02    $   0.97     $    4.32    $   3.76

Adjusted EBITDA - A critical financial measure used extensively in the packaging
industry and other industries to assist in understanding and measuring operating
results. It is also considered as a proxy for cash flow and a facilitator for business
valuations. This non-IFRS measure is defined as earnings before net finance cost,
taxes, depreciation and amortization, goodwill impairment loss, non-cash acquisition
accounting adjustments to inventory, earnings in equity-accounted investments,
revaluation gain, and restructuring and other items. The Company believes that
Adjusted EBITDA is an important measure as it allows the assessment of the
ongoing business without the impact of net finance cost, depreciation and
amortization and income tax expenses, as well as non-operating factors and one-
time items. As a proxy for cash flow, it is intended to indicate the Company’s ability
to incur or service debt and to invest in property, plant and equipment, and it allows
comparison of the business to that of its peers and competitors who may have
different capital or organizational structures. Adjusted EBITDA is a measure tracked
by financial analysts and investors to evaluate financial performance and is a key
metric in business valuations. Adjusted EBITDA is considered an important measure
by lenders to the Company and is included in the financial covenants for the
Company’s bank lines of credit.




                                          57
The following table reconciles Adjusted EBITDA measures to IFRS measures
reported in the annual consolidated income statements for the periods ended as
indicated.

                                                Three Months Ended         Twelve Months Ended
                                                   December 31                December 31
 Adjusted EBITDA                                2024          2023         2024           2023


 Net earnings                               $   179.8    $    38.8    $    843.1      $    530.2

 Corporate expense                               18.0         23.9           77.6            81.8
 Earnings in equity-accounted investments        (2.9)        (4.6)         (18.9)          (17.9)
 Finance cost, net                               19.1         19.1           75.0            78.0
 Restructuring and other items                    1.2         37.2            5.5            42.8

 Revaluation gain                                 -            -            (78.1)            -

 Goodwill impairment loss                         -           95.0            -              95.0
 Income taxes                                    52.7         45.4          238.1           200.7
 Operating income                           $   267.9    $   254.8    $   1,142.3     $   1,010.6
 Operating income (a non-IFRS measure)      $            $            $       3       $
 Less: Corporate expense                        (18.0)       (23.9)         (77.6)          (81.8)
 Add: Depreciation and amortization             111.7        105.8          432.4           403.3
 Adjusted EBITDA (a non-IFRS measure)       $   361.6    $   336.7    $   1,497.1     $   1,332.1


Days Working Capital Employed – A measure indicating the relative liquidity and
asset intensity of the Company’s working capital. It is calculated by multiplying the
net working capital by the number of days in the quarter and then dividing by the
quarterly sales. Net working capital includes trade and other receivables,
inventories, prepaid expenses, trade and other payables, and income taxes
recoverable and payable. The following table reconciles the net working capital used
in the days of working capital employed measure to IFRS measures reported in the
consolidated statements of financial position as at the periods ended as indicated.

 Days Working Capital Employed

 At December 31                                                    2024                  2023
 Trade and other receivables                                  $  1,251.4          $    1,089.3
 Inventories                                                       819.9                 732.3
 Prepaid expenses                                                   62.1                  50.6
 Income taxes recoverable                                           51.8                  38.8
 Trade and other payables                                       (1,416.9)             (1,329.5)
 Income taxes payable                                              (42.2)                (35.5)
 Net working capital                                          $    726.1          $      546.0
 Days in quarter                                                    92                    92
 Fourth quarter sales                                         $ 1,812.5           $    1,662.5
 Days of working capital employed                                   37                    30




                                                 58
Dividend Payout Ratio – The ratio of earnings paid out to the shareholders. It
provides an indication of how well earnings support the dividend payments. Dividend
payout ratio is defined as dividends declared divided by earnings, excluding goodwill
impairment loss, non-cash acquisition accounting adjustments, restructuring and
other items, revaluation gain, and tax adjustments, (together “Adjusted earnings”)
expressed as a percentage.


 Dividend Payout Ratio                                         2024            2023
 Dividends declared per equity                          $     206.4     $      188.2
 Adjusted earnings                                      $     769.8     $      664.4
 Dividend payout ratio                                         27%             28%

Free Cash Flow from Operations – A measure indicating the relative amount of cash
generated by the Company during the year and available to fund dividends, debt
repayments and acquisitions. It is calculated as cash flow from operations, less
capital expenditures, net of proceeds from the sale of property, plant and equipment.

The following table reconciles the measure of free cash flow from operations to IFRS
measures reported in the annual consolidated statements of cash flows for the
periods ended as indicated.

                                                                   Twelve Months Ended
                                                                      December 31

 Free Cash Flow from Operations                                       2024        2023

 Cash provided by operating activities                         $    1,063.9    $ 1,003.3
 Less: Additions to property, plant and equipment                    (462.0)      (461.6)
 Add: Proceeds on disposal of property, plant and equipment             4.6         17.9
 Free cash flow from operations                                $      606.5    $ 559.6

Interest Coverage – A measure indicating the relative amount of operating income
earned by the Company compared to the amount of net finance cost incurred by the
Company. It is calculated as operating income (see definition below), including
discontinued items, less corporate expense, divided by net finance cost on a twelve-
month rolling basis.




                                          59
The following table reconciles the interest coverage measure to IFRS measures
reported in the annual consolidated income statements for the periods ended as
indicated.

                                                              Twelve Months Ended
                                                                 December 31
 Interest Coverage                                              2024        2023
 Operating income (a non-IFRS measure; see definition
 below)                                                     $ 1,142.3    $ 1,010.6
 Less: Corporate expense                                        (77.6)       (81.8)
                                                            $ 1,064.7    $ 928.8
 Net finance cost                                           $    75.0    $    78.0
 Interest coverage                                               14.2         11.9

Net Debt – A measure indicating the financial indebtedness of the Company
assuming that all cash on hand is used to repay a portion of the outstanding debt. It
is defined as current debt, which includes bank advances, plus long-term debt and
lease liabilities, less cash and cash equivalents.

Net Debt to Adjusted EBITDA (or “Leverage Ratio”) – A measure that indicates the
financial leverage of the Company. It indicates the Company’s ability to service its
existing debt.

Operating Income – A measure indicating the profitability of the Company’s business
units defined as income before corporate expenses, net finance cost, goodwill
impairment loss, earnings in equity-accounted investments, revaluation gain,
restructuring and other items and tax.

See the definition of Adjusted EBITDA above for a reconciliation of operating income
measures to IFRS measures reported in the annual consolidated income statements
for the periods ended as indicated.

Restructuring and Other Items and Tax Adjustments – A measure of significant non-
recurring items that are included in net earnings. The impact of restructuring and
other items and tax adjustments on a per share basis is measured by dividing the
after-tax income of the restructuring and other items and tax adjustments by the
average number of shares outstanding in the relevant period. Management will
continue to disclose the impact of these items on the Company’s results because
the timing and extent of such items do not reflect or relate to the Company’s ongoing
operating performance. Management evaluates the operating income of its
segments before the effect of these items.

Return on Equity before goodwill impairment loss, revaluation gain, restructuring and
other items, non-cash acquisition accounting adjustments and tax adjustments
(“ROE”) – A measure that provides insight into the effective use of shareholder
capital in generating ongoing net earnings. ROE is calculated by dividing annual net
earnings before goodwill impairment loss, revaluation gain, restructuring and other

                                         60
items, tax adjustments, gains on business dispositions and non-cash acquisition
accounting adjustments by the average of the beginning and the end-of-year equity.

The following table reconciles net earnings used in calculating the ROE measure to
IFRS measures reported in the annual consolidated statements of financial position
and in the annual consolidated income statements for the periods ended as
indicated.

  Return on Equity                                        Twelve Months Ended
                                                             December 31

                                                          2024             2023
  Net earnings                                      $    843.1     $      530.2
  Restructuring and other items (net of tax)               4.8             41.2
  Goodwill impairment loss                                  -              95.0

  Revaluation gain                                        (78.1)            -
  Adjusted net earnings                             $     769.8    $      666.4
  Average equity                                    $   4,952.0    $    4,444.2
  Return on equity                                         15.5%           15.0%




                                               61
Return on Sales – A measure indicating relative profitability of sales to customers. It
is defined as operating income (see definition above) divided by sales, expressed
as a percentage.

The following table reconciles the return on sales measure to IFRS measures
reported in the annual consolidated income statement in the segmented information
per note 4 of the Company’s annual consolidated financial statements for the periods
ended as indicated.


 Return on Sales
                                     Three Months Ended              Twelve Months Ended
                                        December 31                     December 31

 Sales                                 2024           2023          2024              2023
 CCL                             $   1,116.2    $   1,031.5     $ 4,502.6       $   4,104.7
 Avery                                 239.7          242.1       1,049.1           1,039.9
 Checkpoint                            277.4          244.2         986.9             875.2
 Innovia                               179.2          144.7         706.4             629.8
 Total sales                     $   1,812.5    $   1,662.5     $ 7,245.0       $   6,649.6
 Operating income

 CCL                             $     166.1    $     154.4     $     713.7     $     633.5
 Avery                                  44.6           47.9           211.5           199.5
 Checkpoint                             40.5           44.3           150.9           132.0
 Innovia                                16.7            8.2            66.2            45.6
 Total operating income          $     267.9    $     254.8     $   1,142.3     $   1,010.6

 Return on sales

 CCL                                   14.9%           15.0%           15.9%          15.4%
 Avery                                 18.6%           19.8%           20.2%          19.2%
 Checkpoint                            14.6%           18.1%           15.3%          15.1%
 Innovia                                9.3%            5.7%            9.4%           7.2%
 Total return on sales                 14.8%           15.3%           15.8%          15.2%

Return on total capital before goodwill impairment loss, revaluation gain,
restructuring and other items, non-cash acquisition accounting adjustments, and tax
adjustments (“ROTC”) – A measure of the returns the Company is achieving on
capital employed. ROTC is calculated by dividing annual net income before goodwill
impairment loss, revaluation gain, restructuring and other items, non-cash
acquisition accounting adjustments, and tax adjustments by the average of the
beginning- and the end-of-year equity and net debt.




                                          62
The following table reconciles net earnings used in calculating the ROTC measure
to IFRS measures reported in the annual consolidated statements of financial
position and in the annual consolidated income statements for the periods ended as
indicated.

  Return on Total Capital                                   Twelve Months Ended
                                                                December 31
                                                           2024                  2023
  Net earnings                                      $       843.1      $        530.2
  Restructuring and other items (net of tax)                  4.8                 41.2
  Goodwill impairment loss                                     -                  95.0

  Revaluation gain                                          (78.1)                -
  Adjusted net earnings                             $       769.8      $        666.4
  Average total capital                             $     6,515.5      $      5,959.5
  Return on total capital                                    11.8%                11.2%

Total Debt – A measure indicating the financial indebtedness of the Company. It is
defined as current debt, including bank advances, plus long-term debt.

B) Accounting Policies

Accounting Policies

The above analysis and discussion of the Company’s financial condition and results
of operation are based on its annual consolidated financial statements prepared in
accordance with IFRS.

A summary of the Company’s material accounting policies is set out in note 3 of the
annual consolidated financial statements.

C) Critical Accounting Estimates

The preparation of financial statements requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and the reported
amounts of sales and expenses during the year and the reported amounts of assets
and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the
financial statements. In particular, estimates are used when determining the
amounts recorded for depreciation and amortization of property, plant and
equipment, intangible assets, right-of-use assets, outstanding self-insurance claims,
pension and other post-employment benefits, income and other taxes, provisions,
lease liabilities, certain fair value measures including those related to the valuation
of business combinations, share-based payments and financial instruments and also
for the valuation of goodwill and intangible assets.



                                               63
Goodwill and Indefinite-Life Intangibles

Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price of the Company’s interest in
the businesses acquired over the fair value of the underlying net identifiable tangible
and intangible assets arising on acquisitions. Goodwill and indefinite-life intangibles
are not amortized but are required to be tested for impairment at least annually or if
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be
recoverable.

During the 2024 fourth quarter, the Company completed its annual impairment test
as at September 30, 2024. Impairment testing for the cash-generating units (“CGU”),
CCL, Avery, Checkpoint, and Innovia, was done by a comparison of the unit’s
carrying amount to its estimated value in use, determined by discounting future cash
flows from the continuing use of the CGU. Key assumptions used in the
determination of the value in use include growth rates of 3% to 5% and pre-tax
discount rates of 10% to 12%. Discount rates reflect current market assumptions
and risks related to the CGUs and are based upon the weighted average cost of
capital. The Company’s historical growth rates are used as the basis in determining
the growth rate applied for impairment testing. The Company completed its
impairment testing as at September 30, 2024. Significant management judgment is
required in preparing the forecasts of future operating results that are used in the
discounted cash flow method of valuation.

The estimated values in use of CCL, Avery, Checkpoint and Innovia CGUs exceeded
their carrying values. As a result, no goodwill and indefinite-life intangible assets
impairment was recorded during 2024.

Long-Lived Assets

Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment when events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable.
Performance of this evaluation involves management estimates of the associated
business plans, economic projections and anticipated cash flows. Specifically,
management considers forecasted operating cash flows, which are subject to
change due to economic conditions, technological changes or changes in operating
performance. An impairment loss would be recognized if the carrying amount of the
asset held for use exceeded the discounted cash flow or fair value. Changes in these
estimates in the future may result in an impairment charge.

Employee Benefits

The Company accrues its obligation under employee benefit plans and related costs
net of plan assets. Pension costs are determined periodically by independent
actuaries. The actuarial determination of the accrued benefit obligations for the plans
uses the projected unit credit method and incorporates management’s best estimate
of future salary escalation, retirement age, inflation and other actuarial factors. The
cost is then charged as services are rendered. Since these assumptions, which are
disclosed in note 20 of the 2024 annual consolidated financial statements, involve

                                           64
forward-looking estimates and are long-term in nature, they are subject to
uncertainty. Actual results may differ, and the differences may be material.

D) Related Party Transactions

A summary of the Company’s related party transactions is set out in note 27 of the
2024 annual consolidated financial statements.

6. OUTLOOK

2024 was an eventful year, characterized by numerous geopolitical events, conflicts
in the Middle East and Ukraine resulting in hardening sanctions and an undermining
of consumer stability; countless elections with nearly half the world’s population
going to the polls and many leading regimes changing political direction and policy;
notwithstanding inflation eased in major economies and a “soft landing” appears to
have materialized in the developed world for 2025. The Asian region, excluding
China, rebounded in 2024, while consumer economic activity in China waned. Latin
America growth was strong for CCL, despite currency volatility. All-in for 2024, the
Company posted record adjusted earnings of $4.32 per Class B share compared to
$3.76 per Class B share for 2023, returned $407.0 million to shareholders in
dividends and share buyback and still finished the year with a healthy liquidity
position in excess of $2.2 billion in cash and available credit capacity. For 2025,
management is cautiously enthusiastic about its growth opportunities although the
new U.S. political doctrine that may impose dramatically new tariffs and unsettle
trade for some parts of CCL’s business and its customers remains earnestly on the
watch.

The CCL Segment reported a solid year in 2024, while investing in new significant
incremental capacity and technology additions in Raleigh, North Carolina, and
Montreal, Quebec, for Healthcare & Specialty; Dornbirn, Austria, Alicante, Spain,
and Turin, Italy, for Food & Beverage; Guanajuato, Mexico, for Home & Personal
Care; and new coating initiatives in China for CCL Design, positioning for growth and
improved profitability in the coming years. For CCL Secure, new business wins for
polymer banknote substrate should drive improved sales volume especially in the
first half of 2025.

For 2025, growth at Avery’s Direct-to-Consumer businesses and continued profit
improvement in the Horticultural operations, is expected and should outpace legacy
product lines. Further “tuck-in” acquisitions augmenting Avery’s presence globally
are also possible.

Checkpoint expects continued strong demand in 2025 for RFID-related products,
including categories beyond the retail and apparel space. Checkpoint’s new RFID
inlay facility in Mexico will continue to add manufacturing capabilities in 2025,
building out its position to become one of the leaders in the North American market.
Checkpoint, late in 2024, added a new large facility in Bangladesh and is doing the
same in Vietnam in mid-2025. Consequently, the core MAS and ALS retail and
apparel product categories are also expected to grow and improve profitability in
2025.
                                         65
For Innovia, the first half of 2025 will be significantly focused on completing the final
testing milestones of its new thin-gauge film line in Germany, which is currently on
track for commercial launch by mid-2025. The new proprietary “EcoFloat” shrink film
line in Poland is expected to continue to add volume in 2025, and new coating lines
in Mexico and the U.K. should add new product depth. All-in, Innovia is expected to
improve on its 2024 results.

The Company concluded the year with cash on hand of $828.7 million and unused
availability on the revolving credit facility of approximately US$956.7 million. The
Company’s liquidity position is robust, with a net debt leverage ratio of 1.08 times
Adjusted EBITDA at the end of the current year, despite business acquisitions and
net capital investments of $142.9 million and $457.4 million, respectively, as well as
$200.6 million used to buy back the Company’s Class B non-voting shares. As
always, the Company remains focused on vigilantly managing working capital and
prioritizing capital to higher-growth organic opportunities or unique acquisitions
expected to enhance shareholder value. The Company currently expects capital
expenditures for 2025 to be approximately $485.0 million, supporting organic growth
and new greenfield opportunities globally. Early first-quarter 2025 orders have been
stable, raw material and energy cost pressures in line, with the economic impacts of
U.S. tariffs and the conflicts in Europe and Middle East so far modest. If demand
remains stable for the remainder of the year and the Company executes on its global
growth initiatives, results for 2025 should deliver good progress over 2024.




                                           66
2024 LETTER TO S H AR E H OLD E R S
It was another year of record adjusted net earnings*, moving from less than $500 million at the end of
2019, pre-pandemic, to $770 million for 2024, with hopes of continuing progress in 2025 assuming geo-
political stress points around the world remain under control. Sales for 2024 were up 9% to $7.25 billion,
with adjusted net earnings per Class B share increasing 16%, excluding foreign currency translation.
Adjusted basic earnings per Class B share* improved from $3.76 in 2023 to $4.32 in 2024; foreign currency
translation reduced earnings by 2 cents. Restructuring charges plus transaction expenses for acquisitions
totaled $5.5 million, vastly surpassed by a $78.1 million non-cash accounting gain to revalue our existing
50% interest in Pacman in the Middle East on the acquisition of the remaining shares for $142.9 million.
Despite $457 million net capital spending to provide capacity and capability for new opportunities, free
cash flow* reached $607 million, $47 million up on last year.

CCL S e g m e n t
Sales for the year increased 9.7%, passing $4.5 billion, with 5.6% organic growth augmented by
acquisitions and modest foreign exchange translation. Geographically, we delivered compelling gains in
Asia Pacific and Latin America, with low single digit progress in North America and Europe. Segment
operating income* grew 12.7% to $714 million while adjusted EBITDA* margin moved up 50 basis points
to 22.3%.

Home & Personal Care results were solid in labels globally, with organic sales and underlying profit
growth in all regions augmented by better than expected contribution from the Pacman acquisition.
Our extruded tube business in the United States, where we are market leader, had a flat year in sales
driving a moderate decline in profitability. We completed an important investment to integrate tube
extrusion and label decoration at our Lumberton site in New Jersey which should bring gains in 2025
and beyond. CCL Container was again the standout performer with a near double digit sales increase
and significant profitability improvement. We invested heavily in new can manufacturing capacity in
Mexico, including expanded infrastructure, and continued to update older technology in the United
States. On a combined basis, we reported very good profit improvement for the sector on a solid organic
sales gain.

Healthcare & Specialty After strong years during the pandemic, and in 2023 when many customers
reacted to the supply chain crisis with advanced purchases, we had a slow 2024 with only modest
progress in sales and profitability, all of it acquisition driven. One important customer redesigned an
over the counter package reducing the need for labels and impacting North American profitability. CCL
Faubel, our acquired clinical trials labeling business, had a solid first full year. We settled into state-of-
the-art new label plants in Sioux Falls, SD and Oss, Netherlands, although with some disruption pains
bedding in new technologies. France had a challenging year and is now under new leadership. We
invested in new plants in Raleigh, NC, and Montreal, Quebec, which will start up in 2025. Emerging
markets were an area of strength. Our plant in Singapore made great strides for an important new
customer in diabetic monitoring devices, while China and Brazil posted good gains. Ag-Chem also had a
much improved year with double digit sales progress in the U.S. consumer Lawn & Garden sector and
significantly better performance in Europe on a realigned manufacturing footprint. Overall, our focus in
2025 is to improve operationally after a period of significant investment and expansion.

Food & Beverage sales easily passed $1 billion, our second end market to do so in the CCL Segment.
Sleeves, flexible pouch and in-mould label sales increased significantly in 2024. Profitability, however
declined on start-up costs at a new plant in Spain and poor results at one of our U.S. plants further
impacted by an energy drinks customer declaring bankruptcy. Additionally, the transition to our state-
of-the-art new plant in Austria, was very challenging, especially in the first half of the year through the
busy summer peak period, but things settled down in the fourth quarter and so far in 2025. Creaprint
in Spain, an in-mould label producer and Pouch Partners, a specialist in stand-up flexible pouches in Italy
acquired in 2023, had successful first full years. Pressure sensitive labels had good performance in the
alcoholic beverage arena, despite soft end markets, and posted strong growth in closure labels. The new
wine & spirits label plant in Italy posted start-up losses, but we had a record year at our plants in
Australia, returned to profit in Chile, made good progress with tequila customers in Mexico and
successfully navigated tough end markets in the United States. Sector profitability for 2024 overall
improved only modestly after a soft fourth quarter.

CCL Design had an exceptional recovery year surpassing previous highs, delivering record performance
on new business wins with electronics customers on top of meaningful operational productivity
improvement in many locations. The 2022 Desin acquisition, which had a tough first two years, delivered
a robust turn around. Improvements in electronics end markets were particularly strong in China, ASEAN
countries, India and Mexico with a good pipeline of new projects as we enter 2025. Our plant in Israel
had a solid year despite many external challenges. Gains in automotive were good in labels and
decorative metal trim parts but the acquired former McGavigan operation in China had a poor year and
we have now combined the management of this operation with our electronics leadership team. Tapes
performance improved significantly, and we built a new clean room coating plant in China as we strive
to control more of our own materials science developments. Sales to alkaline battery producers were
stable. Overall, sales increased double digit with profitability rising beyond, despite R&D driven losses
at Imprint Energy, acquired in 2023.

CCL Secure had another outstanding year in the United States on high demand for passport components
and the polymer banknote business performed well in Mexico but lagged in the U.K. and Australia.
However, the outlook in those two sub-performing locations improved for 2025 on important new
business wins. On a combined basis, sales and profitability increased for the sector.

Avery
Our consumer segment had a solid year with profitability improving on a modest sales increase while
continuing to deliver the highest free cash flow of any end market in the Company. Results were
strongest in North America with gains in all product categories, most notably the Mastertag horticultural
business. We broke ground on a new manufacturing plant in Michigan, which we expect to complete in
2025. Europe had a flat year, especially in the legacy product lines, better in direct-to-consumer markets;
profitability at the horticultural business improved but needs to continue doing so to meet our financial
return benchmarks. Results in Latin America were impacted by significant currency devaluations but
were otherwise solid and we had a challenging year in Australia.

Checkpoint
Merchandise Availability Solutions’ (“MAS”) security systems and supplies posted sales gains and even
better profitability improvement as global retailers move to control shrink loss and improve inventory
insight for an omni channel world. Results included start-up cost for a new RFID inlay plant in Mexico
targeted at customers outside of apparel in general merchandise, food and logistics although this was
more than offset by profits for these products produced in China. Geographically, sales gains were
strongest in Europe and Asia Pacific. Sales for Apparel Labeling Solutions (“ALS”) leaped almost 30% on
share gains and growth in RFID that drove significant profitability improvement, except in the fourth
quarter where the Turkish currency, poor results in Latin America and unfavourable product mix pinned
back bottom line performance. The smaller Meto business delivered good cash flow. Segment operating
income* passed $150 million for the first time, up $19 million.

Innovia
Performance was much improved as demand recovered in the label materials industry after the historic
destocking period in 2023. The closure of our older site in Belgium went smoothly with sales volume
successfully transitioned to our plants in the U.K. and Australia, notably driving good profitability gains
at our large site in Wigton, England. In Poland, we doubled sales volume for label films including
significant progress with EcoFloat that enables PET bottle recycling; the impact of this change in mix
drove the plant into profitability. In Germany, we substantially completed the new low gauge film
extrusion technology at our massively expanded plant in Leipzig and expect to start production in the
first half of 2025. We had another excellent year in the Americas as film volume increased double digit
on share gains; profitability improved substantially aided by productivity, cost savings and commercial
discipline. Segment operating income* improved by more than $20 million to $66 million, with a 9.4%
return on sales, up 220 basis points.

Sustainability
This past year, the Company worked diligently on the verification of science-based targets through the
Science-Based Targets initiative (“SBTi”), which will require the prioritization of renewable energy
procurement and emissions reduction strategies across all business units. In 2024, approximately 80%
of our own manufacturing waste has now been diverted from landfill so we are on track to meet or
exceed the 2025 target of 90% diversion.

The Company continues to set a high bar for sustainability initiatives around the world. CCL Tube
launched the 100% recycle-ready, mono-material tube and airless pump dispenser for
microencapsulated formulas in the Home and Personal Care market. Checkpoint refurbishes customers
in-store anti-theft hardware around the world, reducing the amount of virgin plastic resin needed for
new devices while providing the same great product protection. Imprint Plus partnered with their key
supplier of magnets used across the name badge product line to eliminate non-recyclable Styrofoam
packaging from all shipments. Avery Zweckform, in Germany, installed an 800,000 KWH solar panel
system on the roof of its distribution center to reduce power consumption from fossil fuel sources.
Avery North America transitioned to 100% recycled content lower basis weight paper board for its retail
packaging. CCL Label launched EcoFloat® WHITE shrink sleeves, a game changer for the recyclability of
dairy products and other light sensitive items enabling the transition from white HDPE packaging to
transparent PET bottles and containers, combined with a white opaque sleeve. Innovia extended its
portfolio of Encore recycled content films in preparation for compliance with emerging regulations
within the European Union. More details can be found in CCL Industries’ annual Sustainability Reports
at www.cclind.com/sustainability.
Delivering to Shareholders
Following our February 2025 Board meeting, we announced a 10.3% increase to the dividend. The
annualized payout now stands at $1.28 per Class B share and $1.27 per Class A share, more than double
the rate paid in 2018. Despite spending $143 million on the Pacman acquisition and $457 million on net
capital expenditures, the Company’s net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio ended 2024 comfortably inside
investment-grade territory at 1.08 times, down 0.05 turns from 2023. The Company continued making
share repurchases under its Normal Course Issuer Bid in 2024 returning $201 million to shareholders.
We currently plan to invest approximately $485 million in 2025 in capital equipment and new plant
expenditures, compared to approximately $379 million of 2024 depreciation and amortization expense,
excluding right-of-use asset amortization. With 98% of sales outside Canada, CCL continues to provide
domestic shareholders considerable geographic risk diversification.

Leadership and Governance
CCL is a global enterprise with operations now in 42 countries on six continents. We continue to run a
highly decentralized enterprise with over 400 profit centers, serving a variety of end markets using our
specialized expertise in label converting, substrate surface engineering, film extrusion, adhesive coating,
label formatting software and digital imaging, intelligent label automation, mechanical and laser cutting
and automated assembly. Deep knowledge of these process technologies and how to match them to
end markets remains a resume necessity to enter the senior operational leadership ranks and inevitably
means talent must be internally developed or at least hired from our industry. We passionately believe
that business leadership should be local to the country where we operate, especially outside North
America. This ensures our operating units around the world reflect the ethnicity and society of the
business communities we serve. Our professional corporate support staff focuses on technical
excellence, agility and responsiveness, with a cost equal to approximately 1% of sales.

We bid farewell at this year’s AGM to two long serving Directors who decided to retire from the Board.
Kathleen Keller-Hobson joined us over 10 years ago and served as the Company’s Lead Director since
December 2016, and Chair of the Nominating and Governance Committee shortly
thereafter. Kathleen’s support for gender equality, deep knowledge in legal and governance matters,
along with her insightful contributions to the Board will be greatly missed. We thank her for the
leadership and wise counsel she brought to our deliberations throughout her tenure. Stuart W. Lang
joined the Board in May 1991 and is our longest-serving Director. Stuart always aligned his approach
with the values established by the Company’s Founder and brought to the Board a deep knowledge of
the label industry having spent much of his long business career in this part of CCL. We will all miss his
easy-going personality, care for people and great sense of humor. Effective February 18, 2025, we also
said goodbye to David W. Nyland, who recently joined the Board but decided to resign due to a recent
change in his personal circumstances. The Company will disclose new director nominees in its
Management Proxy Circular in connection with the 2025 annual meeting. The Board continues to
represent all shareholders through good governance practice, while providing seasoned, wise counsel
to management.
2025 Outlook
Despite a very strong 2024, we expect to make further progress in 2025. Tense geo-political issues are
worrying many companies with extensive geographic reach, and we are no exception. As in any global
enterprise, the arrival of tariffs could have direct impact on some parts of our operations, although
substantially most of our business is “local to local” on both the supply and demand axes. However, the
intricacies of our global customers’ supply chains could be quite another matter. Hopefully common
sense economic solutions prevail that support fair trade and the business community.

As always, we close by thanking the 26,300 CCL people globally for their passion, commitment and
extraordinary capabilities in this industry. You are absolutely the most important point of our
competitive differentiation. To our customer and supplier partners, we truly value our relationships;
and to our shareholders, we are ready to continue to progress and deliver results.




Donald G. Lang                                              Geoffrey T. Martin
Executive Chairman                                          President and Chief Executive Officer

* Non-IFRS measures; see Section 5A of CCL’s Management’s Discussion and Analysis for more detail.
