CCL Industries Inc.



2022
Annual
Report
CCL                                                    Avery                                                     Checkpoint                                         Innovia
CCL is the world’s largest converter                   Avery is the world’s largest supplier                     Checkpoint is a leading developer                  Innovia is a leading global
of pressure sensitive and extruded                     of labels, specialty converted                            of RF and RFID-based technology                    producer of specialty, high-
film materials for a wide range of                     media and software solutions to                           systems for loss prevention                        performance, multi-layer,
decorative, instructional, security                    enable short-run digital printing in                      and inventory management                           surface-engineered films for
and functional applications for                        businesses and homes alongside                            applications, including labeling                   label, packaging and security
government institutions and large                      complementary products sold                               and tagging solutions, for the retail              applications.
global customers in consumer                           through distributors, mass-market                         and apparel industries worldwide.
packaging, healthcare, chemicals,                      stores and e-commerce retailers.
consumer durables, electronic
device and automotive markets.
Extruded and labeled plastic tubes,
aluminum aerosols and specialty
bottles, folded instructional
leaflets, specialty folded cartons,
precision engineered and die cut
components, electronic displays,
polymer banknote substrate and
other complementary products
and services are sold in parallel to
specific end-use markets.




       25,300                                                       205                                                       43                                                       6
       Employees                                   Production Facilities                                               Countries                                             Continents




    NORTH AMERICA REPRESENTS                                                           EUROPE REPRESENTS                                              EMERGING MARKETS REPRESENTS



        43%                  of total sales                                       29%                  of total sales                                        28%                 of total sales


CAUTION ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION This annual report contains forward-looking information and forward-looking statements, as defined under applicable securities laws (hereinafter
collectively referred to as “forward-looking statements”) that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements include all statements that are predictive in nature or depend on future
events or conditions. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by, but not limited to, the words “believes,” “expects,” “anticipates,” “estimates,” “intends,” “plans” or similar expressions. Statements
regarding the operations, business, financial condition, priorities, ongoing objectives, strategies and outlook of the Company, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements.
Specifically, this annual report contains forward-looking statements regarding the anticipated growth in sales, income and profitability of the Company’s segments; the Company’s improvement in market
share; the Company’s capital spending levels and planned capital expenditures in 2023; the adequacy of the Company’s financial liquidity; the Company’s targeted return on equity, improved return on total
capital, adjusted earnings per share, Adjusted EBITDA growth rates and dividend payout; the Company’s effective tax rate; the Company’s ongoing business strategy; the Company’s ability to maintain a
Net Debt to Adjusted EBITDA ratio below 3.5 times; the Company’s expectations regarding general business and economic conditions; the Company’s Corporate Social Responsibility initiative to enhance
the integration of social and environmental objectives into its business operations and strategy; the Company’s expectation to achieve its overall environmental footprint and waste reduction goals for
2025 and 2030; the Company’s ability to successfully deploy initiatives that reduce the carbon footprint of its products and services; the continuing impact the Covid (“CV19”) pandemic and the conflict
between Ukraine and Russia will have on the global economy and the global supply chain; the Company’s success in passing on foreign exchange movements and input cost changes, including inflationary
costs, to its customer base; the Company’s expectation that Avery will continue to open up new revenue streams in short-run digital printing applications; the Company’s expectation that inflationary cost
pressures are likely to ease in 2023; the Company will successfully manage business activity levels at its manufacturing locations; CCL Label and CCL Design will successfully manage new product initiatives
and capacity expansion plans; the expectation that CCL Design’s results will improve in 2023 as more normalized supply chains develop for automotive and electronics markets; CCL Secure’s success
in developing market-leading security technology to pursue widespread long-term adoption of polymer banknotes; the Company’s expectation that growth at Avery’s direct-to-consumer businesses
will outpace legacy product lines and that further “tuck-in” acquisitions are possible; the Company’s expectation that the Checkpoint results will improve with continued strong demand for RFID related
products and as economic activity improves in China; the Company’s expectation that Innovia will offset resin, energy and freight cost increases with productivity initiatives and price increases to its
customer base; and Innovia will successfully fill capacity at its new EcoFloat shrink film line in 2023.
Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. They involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties relating to future events and conditions, including, but not limited to,
the impact of competition; consumer confidence and spending preferences; general economic and geopolitical conditions; currency exchange rates; interest rates and credit availability; technological
change; changes in government regulations; risks associated with operating and product hazards; and the Company’s ability to attract and retain qualified employees. Do not unduly rely on forward-looking
statements as the Company’s actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are also based on a number of assumptions,
which may prove to be incorrect, including, but not limited to, assumptions about the following: higher consumer spending; increased customer demand for the Company’s products; continued historical
growth trends, market growth in specific segments and entering into new segments; the Company’s ability to provide a wide range of products to multinational customers on a global basis; the benefits
of the Company’s focused strategies and operational approach; the Company’s ability to implement its acquisition strategy and successfully integrate acquired businesses; the achievement of the
Company’s plans for improved efficiency and lower costs, including the ability to pass on polypropylene resin, aluminum and other inflationary cost increases to its customers; the availability of cash and
credit; fluctuations of currency exchange rates; the Company’s continued relations with its customers; and general business and economic conditions. Should one or more risks materialize or should any
assumptions prove incorrect, then actual results could vary materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Further details on key risks can be found throughout this report
and particularly in Section 4: “Risks and Uncertainties.”
Except as otherwise indicated, forward-looking statements do not take into account the effect that transactions or non-recurring or other special items announced or occurring after the statements are
made may have on the business. Such statements do not, unless otherwise specified by the Company, reflect the impact of dispositions, sales of assets, monetizations, mergers, acquisitions, other business
combinations or transactions, asset write-downs or other charges announced or occurring after forward-looking statements are made. The financial impact of these transactions and non-recurring and
other special items can be complex and depends on the facts particular to each of them; therefore, the financial impact cannot be described in a meaningful way in advance of knowing the specific facts.
The forward-looking statements are provided as of the date of this annual report and the Company does not assume any obligation to update or revise the forward-looking statements to reflect new events
or circumstances, except as required by law.
Unless the context otherwise indicates, a reference to “the Company” means CCL Industries Inc. and its subsidiary companies and equity-accounted investments.
20 2 2 L E T T E R TO S H A R E H O L D E RS




Donald G. Lang            Geoffrey T. Martin
Executive Chairman        President and
                          Chief Executive Officer




2022 was the third year of this historic pandemic, a period during which CCL’s
adjusted net earnings moved from less than $500 million at the end of 2019 to
well over $600 million for 2022, with aspirations for further gains in 2023. None of
us could imagine such a development during the worrisome lockdown days of the
winter and spring of 2020, but it happened. Sales for 2022 were up 12.1%, excluding
foreign currency translation, to $6.4 billion.


The Canadian dollar, among the strongest currencies in the world in 2021, bowed to the mighty U.S. dollar in 2022, but also gained
against a number of major international currencies, especially in Europe largely due to the conflict in the Ukraine; so, collectively, a
minor translation headwind. Adjusted net earnings* increased by $33 million to $635 million, up 5.5%, excluding foreign currency
translation, while adjusted basic earnings per Class B share* improved from $3.37 in 2021 to $3.57 in 2022; foreign currency
translation reduced results by $0.02 in 2022. Restructuring charges and transaction expenses for the most recent acquisitions
were $11.7 million. Despite higher capital spending in a recovering world, free cash flow* increased by $41 million to $573 million,
or 90% of adjusted net earnings. Tight management of working capital during the global supply chain crisis aided the result.

CCL Segment
2022 sales increased 8.3% organically to $3.9 billion, heavily price driven to recover the most difficult inflation period any of us
have seen since the 1970s, although modest volume gains augmented. Geographically, we delivered high single-digit progress
in North America and Europe, over 25% growth in Latin America, much of it volume derived, offset by a modest decline in Asia
Pacific. Operating income* grew just under 10% to $600 million, while adjusted EBITDA* margin fell 50 basis points to 21.6%;
inflation the driver of the decline on the margin-dilutive effect of passing along only higher raw materials costs to customers, in
most cases.

Home & Personal Care results improved significantly on gains in tubes and labels in all regions except Asia, but CCL Container
was really the standout business area for growth in 2022 as sales increased over 40% on strong volume and price increases,
driving profitability to the highest level in our long history in the category. We also had another outstanding year at our label joint
venture in the Middle East. Asia sales improved slightly in ASEAN countries as Covid restrictions gradually lifted but fell in China
where they tightened; following the Chinese government policy U-turn and subsequent infection outbreak during the fourth
quarter, if anything, demand declined further. The small 2021 label acquisition in Singapore made a solid profit in 2022. Our
aluminum slug business remained loss making in 2022 but improved on poor results in 2020 and 2021 and is now expected to
make a positive contribution to earnings in 2023. We expect to source approximately 60% of our requirements for CCL Container
internally this coming year.




                                                                                                              2022 Annual Report      1
2022 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS




Healthcare & Specialty performance was outstanding in 2022. Results improved to expectations at the Graphics West
short-run folding cartons acquisition in its second full year, and a number of strategic investments were made to expand this initiative
around the world. Labels and inserts delivered very strong results globally, with notable gains at previously underperforming
units in Germany and Denmark. Ag Chem had an off year, with lower sales in the U.S. consumer lawn & garden sector and
decidedly mixed performance in Europe due to operational challenges. Supply availability plus paper and freight inflation were
superbly handled by the team, with well-executed price increases while leveraging our industry knowledge and financial strength
in procurement. Mid-teens organic growth included volume-based share gain driving strong profitability improvement.

Food & Beverage had a sluggish start to 2022 but really gained momentum as the year progressed, with both volume gains
and inflation recovery price increases. Sleeves’ recent growth trajectory notably reversed in the U.S. as we focused on margin
protection in tight markets, ceding share as necessary. Double-digit organic growth in Europe and Emerging Markets more than
offset and cross-sector sales to Homecare customers were an area of strength. The new in-mould label plant in the U.S. posted
startup losses. New pressure sensitive label plants for beverage in Brazil and South Africa were again strong, and Asia recovered
as on-premise consumption returned; organic growth in the high teens globally on better mix, price increases and share gains.
Wine & Spirits operations had another solid year. In the first quarter, we suspended further investment in equity or debt financing
to support our joint venture in Russia. Our local partner continues to operate the business, which focuses on consumer essentials.
Sector profitability overall improved.

CCL Design sales to electronics OEMs, after increasing in the low teens organically in both 2020 and 2021, fell mid-single digits
in 2022 as consumer demand waned; chip shortages and Covid restrictions in China also impaired supply chains. We prepared
for the future with the opening of a major new facility in Zhongshan in South China, a major regional hub for the electronics
industry. ASEAN markets were less impacted, with a much-improved year in Malaysia at the recent Super Enterprises acquisition,
while our startup in India delivered solid profits. Mexico was strong on new business wins, although the new Desin acquisition
performance was a little disappointing, albeit solidly profitable. Automotive had a positive year on good gains in Europe, Latin
America and China but struggled in North America. The new McGavigan acquisition did very well in China but the plant in
Scotland continued to lose money. Sales to alkaline battery producers were stable. Olympic Tapes made significant gains with
heat management tapes for electric vehicles and delivered good returns. Overall, profitability at CCL Design declined modestly
as gains in automotive could not offset the decline in electronics.

CCL Secure had an off year after an unusually weak fourth quarter as many developed world central bank vaults were full with
banknotes after a run on cash during the pandemic. Sales volume in 2022 derived from a number of new polymer conversions in
emerging markets, but with significantly reduced security features and therefore lower price points. This particularly impacted
our plants in Australia and the U.K. Highlights were strong gains in Latin America and in our stamps and passport components
business in the United States.

Avery
Our consumer segment had a strong year on the back of 7.1% organic growth, a big recovery in the badges category, so
decimated at the height of the pandemic, tight management of inflation and five meaningful acquisitions over the past two years.
Supply challenges were an ever present threat all year, especially component imports from China to the U.S. and paper globally
driven by a lengthy strike at a major European producer, compounded by the closure of so many mills in the United States. Our
teams did a superb job navigating this crisis and ensuring our customers were able to rely on us. The RFID Hotel acquisition far
exceeded expectations, results for the Adelbras tapes addition in Brazil were good but the two new businesses in the horticultural
space somewhat disappointed on softening demand as consumers re-prioritized spending to other areas of the economy. Plum
Paper, acquired in 2021, moved to a new facility near San Diego, driving improved operational performance. Operating income*
increased by approximately $19 million to $168 million on sales of $914 million, a return on sales* of 18.3%, down 270 basis points,
on the dilutive effect of acquisitions and the impact of inflation especially in the first half of the year.




2       2022 Annual Report
Checkpoint
Despite a rapidly changing retail landscape navigating the post-pandemic boom (or bust) era, Checkpoint continued to make
progress in 2022. Apparel Labeling Solutions again delivered record levels of profitability for the year on 25% sales growth driven
by exceptional gains in RFID, plus the Uniter and Technoblu acquisitions. Merchandise Availability Solutions posted sales gains in
the Americas but the outbreak of war in the Ukraine changed consumer sentiment in Europe while parts of Asia, especially China,
wrestled with continuing Covid restrictions and tough comparisons to a strong prior year. We announced the closure of our
EAS label plant in Japan, and plan to consolidate volume in China at our superb new campus in Hai’an in 2023. The smaller Meto
business had an improved year. Segment operating income* for 2022 increased to a record $119 million on sales of $819 million,
a return on sales of 14.5%, down 50 basis points. Results were aided by a $12 million gain on sale of an unused older property
in China.

Innovia
It was a challenging year at Innovia. In the Americas, resin declined in 2022 as fast as it had risen in 2021. For much of the year,
compounding sequential declines consistently stranded us with higher-cost inventory as we passed through lower resin price
indexes to customers. In Europe, rampant energy and freight inflation following the conflict outbreak in the Ukraine particularly
hurt our large plant in the U.K. Finally, in Poland, we had the expense of the EcoFloat startup, our new sustainable shrink label film
that aids PET bottle recycling. We expect to grow our production of this film in 2023 and beyond as many customers adopt the
technology. Sales reached $795 million, with a 12.2% adjusted EBITDA* margin, compared to 17.3% in 2021, 20.7% in 2020, and
15.2% in 2019 … back to where we started in 2018. Free cash flow from operations*, however, was very strong and the second-
best year under our ownership, aided by improved working capital. In May, we announced the construction of a new label films
plant in Germany for $70 million. The new capacity will come on stream by early 2025 and is targeted at pressure sensitive label
applications for consumer packaged goods.

Sustainability
In 2022, alongside many of our consumer packaged good customers, the Company committed to set emissions reduction targets
through the Science Based Targets Initiative (SBTi) and became a member of the Business Ambition for 1.5oC Campaign. This
requires targets by June of 2024 to meet the net-zero standard limiting the global temperature rise to 1.5oC. Our businesses
continue to take important initiatives in support of this aim. CCL Label broke ground on a major new energy-efficient building
in Dornbirn, Austria, significantly expanding our current operations for sustainable sleeve solutions. EcoFloat® Sleeves were
also officially approved for PET recycling in South Africa. CCL Secure received recognition at the 23rd Energy Institute Awards
ceremony for achieving a 26% reduction in CO2 emissions, 31% reduction in energy consumption, and 40% reduction in water
usage per tonne of product since 2018. Avery’s new line of ecofriendly dissolvable labels disintegrate in water, leaving no sticky
residue behind. Innovia launched Rayoface™ CSA46, a clear, one-side gloss-coated BOPP film that is approximately 10% thinner
than most label films, providing a higher yield and improved carbon footprint for Food & Beverage and Home & Personal care
applications. We will continue to report progress on external initiatives and internal targets annually in our Sustainability Report.

Delivering to Shareholders
Following our February 2023 Board meeting, we announced a 10.4% increase to the dividend; the annualized payout now stands
at $1.06 per Class B share and $1.05 per Class A share, more than doubling over the last five years and without omission or
reduction for more than four decades. Despite spending $287 million on acquisitions and $419 million on net capital expenditures,
the Company’s net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio ended 2022 comfortably inside investment-grade territory at 1.24 times,
up 0.18 turns. Why the increase? In May 2021 (renewed in May 2022), the Board approved a Normal Course Issuer Bid giving
management discretionary authority to buy back a substantial number of the Company’s Class B non-voting shares. The Company
spent $200 million on share repurchases in the first half of 2022 at an average price of $58.95/share; dividends and buy-backs
returned a combined $370 million to shareholders in 2022. We plan to invest $415 million in 2023 in capital equipment and new
plant expenditures, compared to approximately $360 million of expected depreciation and amortization expense, excluding
right-of-use asset amortization. With 98% of sales outside Canada, CCL continues to provide domestic shareholders considerable
geographic risk diversification.




                                                                                                             2022 Annual Report     3
2022 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS




Diversity, Leadership and Governance
CCL is a global company with operations in 43 countries. We are devoted disciples of decentralized organizational principles,
one of the most important of which is our deeply held conviction that business leadership should be local to the country where
we operate, especially outside North America. We firmly believe this ensures our operating units around the world reflect the
ethnicity and society in the business communities we serve. We value deep industry experience, entrepreneurial spirit and a
proven track record above all other attributes for our senior leaders. We are prejudiced to always seek to promote from within,
regarding external recruitment as a last-resort admission of failure to develop people internally. Our lean, professional corporate
team continues its technically excellent, agile, highly responsive mantra, costing approximately 1% of sales, a telling metric we
should nail to the mast for the long haul.

In our 2022 employee census, 63% of employees are men, 37% women, employees identifying themselves as “white” totaled 41%
of the population; no material change since 2021. We remain deeply committed to the principle that our people must reflect the
cultural norms where our plants, distribution centres and offices are located – globally. Gender and cultural diversity starts at the
top; 40% of Directors on our Board are now women, with one from a culturally diverse background, but a journey not yet at its end.

We were all deeply saddened by the news of Alan Horn’s untimely passing in early 2023. His tenure as a Director spanned almost
15 years during the most transformative era CCL has experienced, and for many years prior to that, as an advisor to the Lang family.
His exceptionally sharp mind, humorous delivery when making a point and savvy instincts around people will all be sorely missed.
We welcome Ms. Angella Alexander, Chief Human Resources Officer at ATS Corporation (TSX:ATS), to the Board, which continues
to represent all shareholders through good governance practice, while providing seasoned wise counsel to management.

2023 Outlook
Our major challenge in 2022 was inflation but, right now, although we are watching it carefully, the signs point to it not being
such a burning issue in 2023. The big question for CCL and our customers in the year ahead surrounds demand as central banks
raise interest rates everywhere. We are ready as always for all eventualities but prepared in detail for the most likely scenario:
a slow growth world but not a recessionary one. The early weeks of 2023 have been consistent with that, but we still see many
opportunities to invest and grow. New plants and equipment is one route forward, but we also believe tighter financing markets
could strengthen our hand in acquiring new businesses, most likely as portfolio additions to our current operating segments.
Acquisitions continue to be the best use of our excess capital and our balance sheet is well endowed.

We close with nothing but praise and appreciation for our truly incredible people and their amazing dedication these past three
years as we fought our way through this once-in-a-generation event, adjusting for life’s twists and turns as we moved forward. We
believe it’s culture versus programs that, in the end, gets you through such dramatic periods in history, something our politicians
would do well to remember for next time…treat people in the right way, with honesty, fairness and facts (including saying “we
don’t know” when that’s the right answer) and they will always respond. To our customer and supplier partners, we thank you for
helping us through this extraordinary time, without you, we would simply not exist, and to our shareholders, well, we are still here:
wiser, fitter and ready for the next phase of our advancement.




Donald G. Lang                                        Geoffrey T. Martin
Executive Chairman                                    President and Chief Executive Officer



*   Non-IFRS measures; see Section 5A of CCL’s Management’s Discussion and Analysis for more detail.




4         2022 Annual Report
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
(In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share and ratio data)




                                                                                                      2022           2021
Sales                                                                                           $   6,382.2    $   5,732.8               11.3%
Adjusted EBITDA                                                                                 $   1,231.4    $   1,173.1                5.0%
% of sales                                                                                            19.3%          20.5%
Restructuring and other items – net loss                                                        $     11.7     $       4.4
Net Earnings                                                                                    $    622.7     $    599.1                 3.9%
% of sales                                                                                              9.8%         10.5%
Basic earnings per Class B share
Net earnings                                                                                    $     3.50     $     3.33                 5.1%
Diluted earnings                                                                                $     3.48     $     3.31                 5.1%
Adjusted basic earnings per Class B share                                                       $     3.57     $     3.37                 5.9%
Dividends per Class B share                                                                     $     0.96     $     0.84                14.3%

As at December 31
Total assets                                                                                    $   8,664.4    $   7,627.8               -63.0%
Net debt*                                                                                       $   1,522.3    $   1,249.2                21.9%
Total equity                                                                                    $   4,265.2    $   3,747.0                13.8%
Net debt to Adjusted EBITDA*                                                                           1.24           1.06
Return on equity (before other expenses)*                                                              15.9%          17.2%
Number of employees                                                                                 25,300         25,100                 0.8%
*   A non-IFRS measure; see “Key Performance Indicators and Non-IFRS Measures” in Section 5A.




                                                                                                                    2022 Annual Report      5
M A N A G E M E N T ’ S D I S C U S S I O N A N D A N A LY S I S
Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (Tabular amounts in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share data)




This Management’s Discussion and Analysis of the financial condition and results of operations (“MD&A”) of CCL Industries
Inc. (“the Company”) relates to the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. In preparing this MD&A, the Company has
taken into account information available until February 23, 2023, unless otherwise noted. This MD&A should be read in
conjunction with the Company’s December 31, 2022, annual consolidated financial statements, which form part of the
CCL Industries Inc. 2022 Annual Report dated February 23, 2023. The consolidated financial statements have been prepared
in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”), and, unless otherwise noted, both the financial
statements and this MD&A are expressed in Canadian dollars as the presentation currency. The major measurement
currencies of the Company’s operations are the Canadian dollar, U.S. dollar, euro, Argentine peso, Australian dollar,
Bangladeshi taka, Brazilian real, Chilean peso, Chinese renminbi, Danish krone, Hong Kong dollar, Hungarian forint,
Indian rupee, Israeli shekel, Japanese yen, Malaysian ringgit, Mexican peso, Moroccan dirham, New Zealand dollar,
Philippine peso, Polish zloty, Russian ruble, Singaporean dollar, South African rand, South Korean won, Swiss franc,
Thai baht, U.K. pound sterling and Vietnamese dong. All per Class B non-voting share (“Class B share”) amounts in this
document are expressed on an undiluted basis, unless otherwise indicated. The Company’s Audit Committee and its
Board of Directors (the “Board”) have reviewed this MD&A to ensure consistency with the approved strategy and results
of the business.

         INDEX                                                                           F O R WA R D - LO O K I N G I N F O R M AT I O N

    8    1. Corporate Overview                                                           This MD&A contains forward-looking information
    8    A) The Company                                                                  and forward-looking statements, as defined
    8    B) Coronavirus (“CV19”) Pandemic                                                under applicable securities laws (hereinafter
    8    C) Customers and Markets                                                        collectively referred to as “forward-looking
    9    D) Strategy and Financial Targets                                               statements”) that involve a number of risks
                                                                                         and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements
    11   E) Recent Acquisitions and Dispositions
                                                                                         include all statements that are predictive in
    12   F) Subsequent Events                                                            nature or depend on future events or conditions.
    13   G) Consolidated Annual Financial Results                                        Forward-looking statements are typically
    15   H) Seasonality and Fourth Quarter Financial Results                             identified by, but not limited to, the words
                                                                                         “believes,” “expects,” “anticipates,” “estimates,”
    18 2. Business Segment Review                                                        “intends,” “plans” or similar expressions.
    18 A) General                                                                        Statements regarding the operations, business,
                                                                                         financial condition, priorities, ongoing objectives,
    20 B) CCL Segment
                                                                                         strategies and outlook of the Company, other
    22 C) Avery                                                                          than statements of historical fact, are forward-
    24 D) Checkpoint                                                                     looking statements. Specifically, this MD&A
    24 E) Innovia                                                                        contains forward-looking statements regarding
    25 F) Joint Ventures                                                                 the anticipated growth in sales, income and
                                                                                         profitability of the Company’s segments; the
    26 3. Financing and Risk Management                                                  Company’s improvement in market share; the
    26 A) Liquidity and Capital Resources                                                Company’s capital spending levels and planned
                                                                                         capital expenditures in 2023; the adequacy of
    27 B) Cash Flow
                                                                                         the Company’s financial liquidity; the Company’s
    27 C) Interest Rate, Foreign Exchange                                                targeted return on equity, improved return
          Management and Other Hedges
                                                                                         on total capital, adjusted earnings per share,
    28 D) Equity and Dividends                                                           Adjusted EBITDA growth rates and dividend
    29 E) Commitments and Other Contractual Obligations                                  payout; the Company’s effective tax rate; the
    30 F) Controls and Procedures                                                        Company’s ongoing business strategy; the
                                                                                         Company’s ability to maintain a Net Debt to
    31 4. Risks and Uncertainties                                                        Adjusted EBITDA ratio below 3.5 times; the
                                                                                         Company’s expectations regarding general
    40 5. Accounting Policies and Non-IFRS Measures                                      business and economic conditions; the
    40 A) Key Performance Indicators and Non-IFRS Measures                               Company’s Corporate Social Responsibility
                                                                                         initiative to enhance the integration of social
    45 B) Accounting Policies
                                                                                         and environmental objectives into its business
    45 C) Critical Accounting Estimates                                                  operations and strategy; the Company’s
    45 D) Related Party Transactions                                                     expectation to achieve its overall environmental
                                                                                         footprint and waste reduction goals for 2025
    46 6. Outlook                                                                        and 2030; the Company’s ability to successfully


6         2022 Annual Report
deploy initiatives that reduce the carbon footprint of its products and services; the continuing impact the Covid (“CV19”)
pandemic and the conflict between Ukraine and Russia will have on the global economy and the global supply chain;
the Company’s success in passing on foreign exchange movements and input cost changes, including inflationary costs,
to its customer base; the Company’s expectation that Avery will continue to open up new revenue streams in short-run
digital printing applications; the Company’s expectation that inflationary cost pressures are likely to ease in 2023; the
Company will successfully manage business activity levels at its manufacturing locations; CCL Label and CCL Design will
successfully manage new product initiatives and capacity expansion plans; the expectation that CCL Design’s results will
improve in 2023 as more normalized supply chains develop for automotive and electronics markets; CCL Secure’s success
in developing market-leading security technology to pursue widespread long-term adoption of polymer banknotes; the
Company’s expectation that growth at Avery’s direct-to-consumer businesses will outpace legacy product lines and
that further “tuck-in” acquisitions are possible; the Company’s expectation that the Checkpoint results will improve
with continued strong demand for RFID related products and as economic activity improves in China; the Company’s
expectation that Innovia will offset resin, energy and freight cost increases with productivity initiatives and price increases
to its customer base; and Innovia will successfully fill capacity at its new EcoFloat shrink film line in 2023.
Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. They involve known and unknown risks and
uncertainties relating to future events and conditions, including, but not limited to, the impact of competition; consumer
confidence and spending preferences; general economic and geopolitical conditions; currency exchange rates; interest
rates and credit availability; technological change; changes in government regulations; risks associated with operating
and product hazards; and the Company’s ability to attract and retain qualified employees. Do not unduly rely on forward-
looking statements as the Company’s actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking
statements. Forward-looking statements are also based on a number of assumptions, which may prove to be incorrect,
including, but not limited to, assumptions about the following: higher consumer spending; increased customer demand
for the Company’s products; continued historical growth trends, market growth in specific segments and entering into
new segments; the Company’s ability to provide a wide range of products to multinational customers on a global basis; the
benefits of the Company’s focused strategies and operational approach; the Company’s ability to implement its acquisition
strategy and successfully integrate acquired businesses; the achievement of the Company’s plans for improved efficiency
and lower costs, including the ability to pass on polypropylene resin, aluminum and other inflationary cost increases to its
customers; the availability of cash and credit; fluctuations of currency exchange rates; the Company’s continued relations
with its customers; and general business and economic conditions. Should one or more risks materialize or should any
assumptions prove incorrect, then actual results could vary materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-
looking statements. Further details on key risks can be found throughout this report and particularly in Section 4: “Risks
and Uncertainties.”
Except as otherwise indicated, forward-looking statements do not take into account the effect that transactions or
non-recurring or other special items announced or occurring after the statements are made may have on the business.
Such statements do not, unless otherwise specified by the Company, reflect the impact of dispositions, sales of assets,
monetizations, mergers, acquisitions, other business combinations or transactions, asset write-downs or other charges
announced or occurring after forward-looking statements are made. The financial impact of these transactions and
non-recurring and other special items can be complex and depends on the facts particular to each of them; therefore, the
financial impact cannot be described in a meaningful way in advance of knowing the specific facts.
The forward-looking statements are provided as of the date of this MD&A and the Company does not assume any obligation
to update or revise the forward-looking statements to reflect new events or circumstances, except as required by law.
Unless the context otherwise indicates, a reference to “the Company” means CCL Industries Inc. and its subsidiary
companies and equity-accounted investments.
Additional information relating to the Company, including the Company’s Annual Information Form, is available on SEDAR
at www.sedar.com or on the Company’s website www.cclind.com.




                                                                                                       2022 Annual Report    7
M A N A G E M E N T ’ S D I S C U S S I O N A N D A N A LY S I S
Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (Tabular amounts in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share data)




1.   C O R P O R AT E OV E RV I E W


A) The Company
Founded in 1951, and publicly listed under its current name since 1980, the Company’s corporate offices are located
in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, and Framingham, Massachusetts, United States, with a regional centre for Asia Pacific
in Singapore. The corporate offices provide executive and centralized services such as finance, accounting, internal
audit, treasury, risk management, legal, tax, human resources, information technology, environmental, health and safety
and oversight of operations. The Company employs approximately 25,300 people in 205 production facilities located
in North America, Latin America, Europe, Australia, Africa and Asia including equity investments in two joint ventures
operating nine facilities.
The CCL Segment (“CCL”) is the world’s largest converter of pressure sensitive and extruded film materials for a wide range
of decorative, instructional, security and functional applications for government institutions and large global customers
in consumer packaging, healthcare, chemicals, consumer durables, electronic device and automotive markets. Extruded
and labeled plastic tubes, aluminum aerosols and specialty bottles, folded instructional leaflets, specialty folded cartons,
precision engineered and die cut components, electronic displays, polymer banknote substrate and other complementary
products and services are sold in parallel to specific end-use markets. Avery is the world’s largest supplier of labels,
specialty converted media and software solutions to enable short-run digital printing in businesses and homes alongside
complementary products sold through distributors, mass-market stores and e-commerce retailers. Checkpoint is a leading
developer of RF and RFID-based technology systems for loss prevention and inventory management applications, including
labeling and tagging solutions, for the retail and apparel industries worldwide. Innovia is a leading global producer of
specialty, high-performance, multi-layer, surface-engineered films for label, packaging and security applications. The
Company partly backward integrates into materials science, with capabilities in polymer extrusion, adhesive development,
coating and lamination, surface engineering and metallurgy deployed as needed across the four business segments.

B) Coronavirus (“CV19”) Pandemic
2022 marked the third year of the global CV19 pandemic, which saw the advent of the highly contagious omicron wave
that resulted in a resurgence of restrictive measures by governments and lockdowns especially in China. As the year
progressed and boosters were quickly deployed, oral antivirals became available and population immunity evolved,
managing infections became the new normal. Accordingly, global mortality rates declined, civil restrictions largely
disappeared, global travel almost returned to normal with only China still applying severe controls and global supply
chain issues began to ease. However, as the year drew to a close, China abandoned its zero-CV19 policy, and a significant
infection outbreak occurred temporarily impacting economic activity within the country, and the final impact not yet fully
understood. Throughout the year CCL maintained its safety policies for employees, suppliers and customers ensuring its
facilities remained open.
Despite these challenges, the Company delivered record adjusted earnings per share and strong free cash flow, while
maintaining its global growth strategy deploying $287.2 million on three acquisitions in 2022, and $419.4 million in net
capital expenditures, while repurchasing $200.0 million of the Company’s stock in share buyback programs. The Company
finished the year with a robust balance sheet with available liquidity of $2.1 billion and expectations of continuing to
execute its global growth initiatives.

C) Customers and Markets
The state of the global economy and geopolitical events can affect consumer demand and customers’ marketing and sales
strategies to promote growth, including the introduction of new products. These factors directly influence the demand
for the Company’s products. Growth expectations generally mirror the trends of each of the markets and product lines
in which the Company’s customers compete and the growth of the economy in each geographic region. The Company
attempts to gain market share in each market and category over time.
The markets served by the CCL Segment are large and diverse, with some sectors highly fragmented, but with few
competitors having the Company’s substantial operating breadth or global reach. Avery has a dominant market-leading
position for its products in North America, Europe and Australia. Checkpoint has significant market positions in all regions
of the world and sells directly to retailers and apparel manufacturers and competes with other global retail labeling
companies. Innovia operates plants in Europe, Mexico and Australia and has additional distribution capabilities in the
United States that sell films to pressure sensitive materials producers, flexible packaging converters and the consumer-
packaged goods industry, while also producing film internally for security and label applications.




8        2022 Annual Report
D) Strategy and Financial Targets
The Company’s strategy is to increase shareholder value through investment in organic growth and product innovations
around the world, augmented by a global acquisition strategy. The Company builds on the strength of its people in
marketing, manufacturing and product development and nurtures strong relationships with its international, national
and regional customers and suppliers. The Company anticipates increasing its market share in most product categories
by capitalizing on market insights and the growth of its customers, and by following developments such as globalization,
new product innovation, branding and consumer trends.
A key attribute of this strategy is maintaining focus and discipline. The CCL Segment aspires to be the market leader and the
highest value-added producer in each customer sector and region in which it chooses to compete. The primary objective
is to invest in growth globally, both organically and by acquisition. Avery objectives align to its core competencies in
label solutions centered on specialty converted media that enable short-run digital printing in homes and businesses and
increasingly using the direct-to-consumer channel, both organically and by acquisition. Checkpoint focuses on technology-
driven loss-prevention and inventory-management and labeling solutions for the retail and apparel industries, inclusive of a
rapidly developing RFID product portfolio. Innovia is a leading global producer of specialty, high-performance, multi-layer,
surface-engineered biaxially oriented polypropylene (“BOPP”) films for label, packaging and security applications. Innovia
also provides significant depth and capability to develop proprietary films for label applications.
The Company’s financial strategy is to be fiscally prudent and conservative. The 2022 financial results delivered strong cash
flow and a solid balance sheet after investing $287.2 million in acquisitions and $419.4 million in net capital expenditures
to execute global growth initiatives. During good and difficult economic times, such as the prolonged impact of the CV19
pandemic, coupled with the conflict between Ukraine and Russia that began in February 2022 that has led to insecurity
in consumer demand, volatility in energy, commodity and currency markets compounding an inflationary economic
environment, the Company has maintained high levels of cash on hand and unused lines of credit to reduce its financial
risk and to provide flexibility when acquisition opportunities are available. As at December 31, 2022, the Company had
$839.5 million of cash on hand and approximately US$910.0 million of undrawn capacity on the Company’s unsecured
revolving credit facility.
The Company maintains a continuous focus on minimizing its investment in working capital to maximize cash flow in
support of growth in the business. In addition, capital expenditures are targeted at the most attractive growth opportunities
and are expected to be accretive to earnings. The Company’s financial discipline and prudent allocation of capital have
ensured sufficient available liquidity and a secure financial foundation for the long-term future.
A key financial target is return on equity before goodwill impairment loss, restructuring and other items, non-cash
acquisition accounting adjustments and tax adjustments (“ROE,” a non-IFRS measure; see “Key Performance Indicators and
Non-IFRS Measures” in Section 5A). The Company continues to execute its strategy with a goal of achieving a comparable
ROE level to its leading peers in specialty packaging. 2022 ROE of 15.9%, although solid was down compared to 2021 as
retained earnings increased faster than profitability gains:
                               2022              2021             2020              2019              2018                2017
Return on Equity               15.9%             17.2%             17.8%             17.8%             20.0%              24.0%

Another metric used by the investment community as a comparative measure is return on total capital before goodwill
impairment loss, restructuring and other items, non-cash acquisition accounting adjustments and tax adjustments
(“ROTC,” a non-IFRS measure; see “Key Performance Indicators and Non-IFRS Measures” in Section 5A). The chart below
details performance since 2017. The Company targets delivering returns in excess of its cost of capital. ROTC of 11.8%
for 2022 declined compared to 2021 due to the solid increase in adjusted net earnings for 2022, offset by the increase in
capital deployed for acquisitions and net capital expenditures compared to 2021:
                               2022              2021             2020              2019              2018                2017
Return on Total Capital        11.8%             12.5%             11.9%             10.8%             11.3%              14.0%

ROTC should increase as the Company deleverages its balance sheet and increases net earnings as the turbulent operating
environment caused by the conflict between Ukraine and Russia wanes and the Chinese economy bounces back after the
impact of the removal of the zero-CV19 policy has played out.
The long-term growth rate of adjusted basic earnings per Class B share (a non-IFRS measure; see “Key Performance
Indicators and Non-IFRS Measures” in Section 5A) is another important financial target. This measure excludes goodwill
impairment loss, restructuring and other items, tax adjustments, gains on business dispositions and non-cash acquisition
accounting adjustments. Management believes that, by taking into account both the relatively stable overall demand for



                                                                                                     2022 Annual Report     9
M A N A G E M E N T ’ S D I S C U S S I O N A N D A N A LY S I S
Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (Tabular amounts in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share data)




consumer staple and healthcare products globally and the continuing benefits from the Company’s focused strategies and
operational approach, a positive growth rate in adjusted basic earnings per share is realistic under reasonable economic
circumstances.
The Company has achieved significant growth in its annual adjusted basic and basic earnings per share since 2017:
                                     2022                 2021                 2020                 2019              2018          2017
Basic EPS Growth Rate                  5.1%                12.5%                10.4%                  1.5%            (2.2%)        36.4%
Adjusted Basic EPS Growth Rate 5.9%                         9.4%                10.4%                  2.2%             1.5%         17.9%

In 2022, adjusted basic earnings increased by 5.9% to $3.57 per Class B share. Improved profitability from the CCL
Segment (including increased earnings from the Company’s joint ventures), Avery and Checkpoint more than offset
increased net interest expense, reduced profitability for Innovia plus increased corporate costs. The Company believes
continuing growth in earnings per share is achievable in the future as impact from high transportation and energy costs
subside and resin indices stabilize for the Innovia Segment and the Company executes its global business strategies
across all of its Segments.
The Company will continue to focus on generating cash and effectively utilizing the cash flow generated by operations
and divestitures. Earnings before net finance cost, taxes, depreciation and amortization, excluding goodwill impairment
loss, earnings in equity-accounted investments, non-cash acquisition accounting adjustments, restructuring and other
items (“Adjusted EBITDA,” a non-IFRS measure; see “Key Performance Indicators and Non-IFRS Measures” in Section 5A),
is considered a good indicator of cash flow and is used by many financial institutions and investment advisors to
measure operating results and for business valuations. As a key indicator of cash flow, Adjusted EBITDA demonstrates the
Company’s ability to incur or service existing debt, to invest in capital additions and to take advantage of organic growth
opportunities and acquisitions that are accretive to earnings per share. Historically, the Company has experienced growth
in Adjusted EBITDA:
                                     2022                 2021                 2020                 2019              2018          2017
Adjusted EBITDA            $      1,231.4       $      1,173.1        $      1,123.2       $      1,067.2         $   995.3     $   959.2
% of sales                             19%                   20%                  21%                  20%              19%           20%

In 2022, Adjusted EBITDA increased by approximately 5.0% from 2021, 5.6% excluding the negative impact of foreign
currency translation. The Company’s Adjusted EBITDA margins remain at the top end of the range of its peers. The
Company expects growth in Adjusted EBITDA in the future as the western world evolves in the midst of the conflict
between Ukraine and Russia, the economy in China rebounds post recovery from the abandonment of the zero-CV19
policy and the Company implements its global growth initiatives.
The framework supporting the above performance indicators is an appropriate level of financial leverage. Based on
the dynamics within the specialty packaging industry and the risks that higher leverage may bring, the Company has a
comfort level up to a ceiling of approximately 3.5 times net debt to Adjusted EBITDA with an appropriate deleveraging
and liquidity profile to maintain its investment-grade ratings with Moody’s Investor Service (“Moody’s”) and S&P Global
(“S&P”). As at December 31, 2022, net debt (a non-IFRS measure; see “Key Performance Indicators and Non-IFRS Measures”
in Section 5A) to Adjusted EBITDA was 1.24 times, 0.18 turns higher than the 1.06 times at December 31, 2021, reflecting
increased Adjusted EBITDA more than offset by increased net debt. This leverage level is consistent with management’s
conservative approach to financial risk and the Company’s ability to generate strong levels of free cash flow from operations
(a non-IFRS measure; see “Key Performance Indicators and Non-IFRS Measures” in Section 5A). This leverage level also
allows the Company the flexibility to quickly execute its acquisition growth strategy without significantly exposing its
credit quality.
The Board does not have a target dividend payout ratio (a non-IFRS measure; see “Key Performance Indicators and
Non-IFRS Measures” in Section 5A). However, the Company has paid dividends quarterly for over forty years without
an omission or reduction. The Board views this consistency and dividend growth as important factors in enhancing
shareholder value. For 2022, the dividend payout ratio was 27% of adjusted earnings. This dividend payout ratio reflects
the strong cash flows generated by the Company and solid improvement in adjusted earnings in 2022 compared to
2021. Therefore, after careful review of the current year results, budgeted cash flow and income for 2023, the Board has
declared a 10.4% increase in the annual dividend: an increase of $0.025 per Class B share per quarter, from $0.24 to
$0.265 per Class B share per quarter ($1.06 per Class B share annualized). Including this increase, the Company has more
than doubled the annualized rate since March 2018.
The Company believes that all of the above targets are mutually compatible and consequently should drive meaningful
shareholder value over time.

10       2022 Annual Report
The Company’s strategy and ability to grow and achieve attractive returns for its shareholders are shaped by key internal
and external factors that are common to the businesses it operates. The key performance driver is the Company’s
continuous focus on customer service, supported by its reputation for quality manufacturing, competitive pricing, product
innovation, dependability, ethical business practices and financial stability.
The Company updates its financial strategies and its performance against internal benchmarks while considering its
obligations to Corporate Social Responsibility (“CSR”). The Company’s CSR initiative is designed to enhance the integration
of social and environmental concerns into its business operations and strategy as well as interactions with stakeholders.
Since 2019, the Company has been continuing to build up the initiative to align with best practices in the industry with
changes and progress released in an annual Sustainability Report covering material environmental and social responsibility
issues and policies. These reports are made available on the Company’s website at www.cclind.com/sustainability.
     Sustainability: The Company is committed to helping customers meet their targets by developing new products
     while reducing the environmental impact of its manufacturing processes. In June 2022 the Company committed to set
     science-based targets for emissions through the Science-Based Targets Initiative (“SBTi”) to be finalized and released
     by June 2024. This commitment will further the Company’s progress towards reducing the overall environmental
     footprint of its business in addition to working towards achievement of the waste reduction goals set for 2025 and
     2030.
     Ethics: The Company’s Global Business Ethics Guide, enhanced in 2021 to align with the Company’s Corporate Social
     responsibility strategy, is its primary policy on workplace practices, human rights, health and safety, ethical conduct
     and fair business practices for all employees. Reviewing the Guide is an important part of new hire training and global
     facilities are audited to ensure all new hires have access to a copy of the ethics guide.
     Health & Safety: The health and safety of the Company’s employees around the world is a top priority. The Company’s
     current Environmental Health & Safety (“EHS”) policy and robust safety reporting programs address the statutory
     requirements of the countries where the Company does business. The EHS policy is reviewed and revised as needed
     as part of the Company’s annual Sustainability Report disclosure. Quarterly reporting of health and safety performance
     statistics to management and the CSR Committee is required, with the objectives of an injury-free workplace and
     appropriate responses to all incidents. Each facility is assessed a colour code ranking for safety in each calendar year,
     with a focus on improvement of their health and safety standards.
     Responsible Supply Chains: The Company continues to work with its supply chain partners to reduce the overall
     environmental and social impacts of its products including transportation, secondary packaging and material sourcing.
     Through predictive forecasting and responsive production, the Company is able to drive down lead times and help
     lower inventory throughout the supply chain with the added benefit of reducing waste and obsolescence and lowering
     the effects on the environment.
     Circular Innovation: The Company’s product innovation teams work directly with customers to create sustainable
     products enabling the circularity of customers’ primary packaging while supporting end consumer sensitivity to
     reduce waste in the environment and reduce overall environmental impacts.

E)   Recent Acquisitions and Dispositions
The Company is globally deployed with significant diversification across the world economy including emerging markets,
a broad customer base, distinct product lines and many different currencies.
The Company continues to deploy its cash flow from operations into its core Segments with both internal capital
investments and strategic acquisitions. The following acquisitions were completed over the last two years:
• In May 2022, the Company acquired privately owned Floramedia Group B.V. (“Floramedia”), based in Westzaan, in the
  Netherlands, for approximately $53.1 million, net of cash acquired. Floramedia is a European leader in horticulture media
  with in-house tag and label production complemented with sales offices in six countries. It is reported as part of Avery.
• In April 2022, the Company acquired Adelbras Indústria e Comércio de Adesivos Ltda. and Amazon Tape Indústria
  e Comércio de Fitas Adesivas Ltda. (collectively “Adelbras”), headquartered in Vinhedo near São Paulo, Brazil, for
  approximately $152.3 million net of cash and debt. Adelbras is a producer of adhesive tapes sold through retailers and
  distributors to consumers and small businesses under the Adelbras brand name. The new business is reported as part
  of Avery.
• In January 2022, the Company acquired privately owned McGavigan Holdings Ltd. (“McGavigan”), headquartered in
  Glasgow, Scotland, and with significant manufacturing operations in China, for $103.6 million, net of cash acquired
  and debt assumed. McGavigan is a leading supplier of “in mould” decorated components for automotive interiors and
  forms an integral part of CCL Design.


                                                                                                      2022 Annual Report    11
M A N A G E M E N T ’ S D I S C U S S I O N A N D A N A LY S I S
Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (Tabular amounts in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share data)




• In December 2021, the Company acquired International Master Products Corporation (“IMP”), based in Michigan, U.S.,
  for $70.8 million, net of cash acquired. IMP is a leading provider of labels and tags for the U.S. horticulture industry
  through digitally enabled design software; it is reported as part of Avery.
• In December 2021, the Company acquired Lodging Access Systems, LLC, (“LAS”), based in Florida, U.S., for $26.4 million,
  net of cash acquired. LAS is a leading supplier of digitally printed and encoded RFID key cards, wrist bands and key fobs
  for access controls. LAS further expands Avery’s direct-to-consumer business.
• In December 2021, the Company acquired the pharmaceutical leaflet printing press and customer list from the Laramara
  Foundation in São Paulo, Brazil, for $0.8 million. These assets were added to the CCL Segment.
• In December 2021, the Company acquired Forever Blue Investimentos e Participações S.A. (d.b.a. “Tecnoblu”),
  headquartered in Blumenau, Brazil, for $17.7 million, net of cash and debt. Tecnoblu is now a part of the Checkpoint
  Apparel Labeling Solutions business (“ALS”).
• In December 2021, the Company acquired Desarrollo e Investigación S.A. de C.V. and Fuzetouch PTE LTD (Singapore)
  (collectively “D&F”) headquartered in San Luis Potosí, Mexico, for approximately $51.3 million, net of cash acquired. D&F
  is a leading supplier of graphic interface control panels and assemblies and now trades as “CCL Design.”
• In July 2021, the Company acquired the Uniter Group of companies (“Uniter”), based in A Coruña, Spain, with operations
  in Europe, Asia and North Africa, for approximately $50.4 million, including debt assumed and net of cash acquired.
  Uniter’s five factories are part of the Checkpoint ALS business.
• In July 2021, the Company acquired privately owned Plum Paper LLC (“Plum”), based in California, U.S., for approximately
  $26.3 million, net of cash acquired. Plum is a leading supplier of personalized planners and is part of Avery’s growing
  direct-to-consumer business.
• In May 2021, the Company acquired privately held Lux Global Label Asia Pte. Ltd. (“LUX”), based in Singapore, for
  approximately $9.4 million, net of cash. LUX produces decorative labels for global consumer product customers in the
  ASEAN region. LUX now trades as “CCL Label Singapore.”
• In April 2021, the Company acquired the assets of Europack Packaging and Fluid Management GmbH (“Europack”) for
  approximately $0.9 million. Europack was added to the CCL Segment.
The acquisitions completed over the past few years, in conjunction with the building of new plants around the world,
have positioned the CCL Segment as the global leader for labels in the personal care, healthcare, food and beverage,
durables, security and specialty categories. Avery is the world’s largest supplier of labels, specialty converted media, and
software solutions to enable short-run digital printing in businesses and homes alongside complementary office products.
Checkpoint has added technology-driven loss-prevention, inventory-management and labeling solutions, including RF
and RFID-based systems, to the retail and apparel industries. Innovia provides vertical integration, driving the Company
deeper into polymer sciences, enhancing the development of proprietary products for its customers.

F)   Subsequent Events
Prior to the release of the 2022 annual financial statements, the Company announced the following:
• In February 2023, the Company announced the appointment of Ms. Angella V. Alexander to the Board of Directors.
• The Board of Directors has declared a dividend of $0.265 per Class B non-voting share and $0.2625 per Class A voting
  share, which will be payable to shareholders of record at the close of business on March 17, 2023, to be paid on
  March 31, 2023.




12       2022 Annual Report
G) Consolidated Annual Financial Results

Selected Financial Information

Results of Consolidated Operations
                                                                                     2022               2021                  2020
Sales                                                                        $     6,382.2     $      5,732.8      $        5,242.3
Cost of sales                                                                      4,667.0            4,140.7               3,740.1
Gross profit                                                                       1,715.2            1,592.1               1,502.2
Selling, general and administrative expenses                                         852.6              761.4                 725.4
                                                                                     862.6             830.7                 776.8
Earnings in equity-accounted investments                                              19.9              11.2                   9.5
Net finance cost                                                                     (64.8)            (56.9)                (65.2)
Restructuring and other items                                                        (11.7)             (4.4)                (27.6)
Earnings before income taxes                                                         806.0             780.6                 693.5
Income taxes                                                                         183.3             181.5                 163.8
Net earnings                                                                 $       622.7     $       599.1       $         529.7
Basic earnings per Class B share                                             $        3.50     $        3.33       $          2.96
Diluted earnings per Class B share                                           $        3.48     $        3.31       $          2.94
Adjusted basic earnings per Class B share                                    $        3.57     $        3.37       $          3.08
Dividends per Class B share                                                  $        0.96     $        0.84       $          0.72
Total assets                                                                 $     8,664.4     $      7,627.8      $        7,336.7
Total non-current liabilities                                                $     2,897.8     $      2,462.8      $        2,792.5

Comments on Consolidated Results
Sales were $6,382.2 million for 2022, an increase of 11.3% compared to $5,732.8 million recorded in 2021. This increase in
sales includes an organic growth rate of 7.3% and acquisition-related growth of 4.8%, partially offset by the 0.8% negative
impact of foreign currency translation.
Consistent with 2021, approximately 98% of the Company’s 2022 sales to end-use customers are denominated in foreign
currencies. Consequently, changes in foreign exchange rates can have a material impact on sales and profitability when
translated into Canadian dollars for public reporting. The depreciation of the euro, U.K. pound, Australian dollar and Thai
baht by 7.6%, 6.8%, 4.0% and 5.2%, respectively, was partially offset by a 3.8%, 8.6% and 4.9% appreciation of the U.S. dollar,
Brazilian real and Mexican peso relative to the Canadian dollar in 2022 compared to average exchange rates in 2021.
Selling, general and administrative expenses (“SG&A”) were $852.6 million for 2022, compared to $761.4 million reported
in 2021. The increase in SG&A expenses in 2022 relates to an increase in corporate expenses, general increases across
all business Segments of the Company and most notably the impact of the twelve acquisitions over the last two years.
Corporate expenses for 2022 increased to $71.8 million, compared to $60.6 million for 2021, primarily due to increased
variable compensation expenses on improved profitability in the fourth year of the amended long-term incentive plan.
Operating income (a non-IFRS measure; see “Key Performance Indicators and Non-IFRS Measures” in Section 5A) for 2022
was $934.4 million, an increase of 4.8% compared to $891.3 million for 2021. Foreign currency translation was a 0.5%
negative impact to consolidated operating income for 2022 compared to 2021. CCL, Avery and Checkpoint Segments
each increased operating income while Innovia posted a decline, compared to 2021. Further details on the business
segments follow later in this report.
Adjusted EBITDA in 2022 was $1,231.4 million, an improvement of 5.0% compared to $1,173.1 million recorded in 2021.
Excluding the impact of foreign currency translation, the increase was 5.6% over the prior year.
Net finance cost was $64.8 million for 2022, compared to $56.9 million for 2021. The 13.9% increase in net finance cost
can primarily be attributed to increased finance costs on increased variable rate debt partially offset by an increase in
finance income for 2022 compared to 2021.




                                                                                                       2022 Annual Report       13
M A N A G E M E N T ’ S D I S C U S S I O N A N D A N A LY S I S
Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (Tabular amounts in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share data)




For the full year 2022, restructuring costs and other items represented an expense of $11.7 million ($9.7 million after tax)
as follows:
• Restructuring expenses of $10.3 million ($8.3 million after tax), primarily related to severance and reorganization costs
  across the CCL Segment, Checkpoint and Innovia.
• Acquisition transaction costs totaled $1.4 million ($1.4 million after tax), for the three acquisitions closed in 2022.
The negative earnings impact of these restructuring and other items in 2022 was $0.05 per Class B share.
For the full year 2021, restructuring costs and other items represented an expense of $4.4 million ($3.5 million after tax)
as follows:
• Restructuring expenses of $3.9 million ($3.0 million after tax), primarily related to severance and reorganization costs
  across the CCL Segment, Checkpoint and Innovia.
• Acquisition transaction costs totaled $0.5 million ($0.5 million after tax), for the nine acquisitions closed in 2021.
The negative earnings impact of these restructuring and other items in 2021 was $0.02 per Class B share.
In 2022, the consolidated effective tax rate was 23.3%, compared to 23.6% in 2021, excluding earnings in equity-accounted
investments. The combined Canadian federal and provincial statutory tax rate was 26.5% for 2022 (2021 – 26.5%). The
decline in the effective tax rates was attributable to a higher portion of taxable income in lower taxed jurisdictions, as
well as new U.K. tax legislation enacted in 2021 that raised income tax rates for future periods, requiring the Company to
increase its deferred income liability by $8.0 million resulting in a corresponding increase in tax expense. This increase in
tax expense in 2021 was partially offset by a $7.3 million reduction in valuation allowances due to improved profitability
at certain subsidiaries of the Company.
Of this $8.0 million increase in 2021, $4.7 million primarily related to book and tax timing differences and other discrete
items. However, $3.3 million related to indefinite life intangibles from recent acquisitions that were recognized for
accounting purposes but had no corresponding tax basis and were therefore excluded from adjusted basic earnings per
share in 2021.
Approximately 98% of the Company’s sales are to customers outside of Canada, and the income from these foreign
operations is subject to varying rates of taxation. The Company’s effective tax rate is also affected from year to year due
to the level of income in the various countries, recognition or reversal of tax losses, tax reassessments and income and
expense items not subject to tax.
Net earnings for 2022 increased 3.9% to $622.7 million, compared to $599.1 million recorded in 2021 due to the items
described above.
Basic earnings per Class B share were $3.50 for 2022 versus the $3.33 recorded for 2021. Diluted earnings per Class B
share were $3.48 for 2022 and $3.31 for 2021. The movement in foreign currency exchange rates in 2022 compared to
2021 had a negative impact on the translation of the Company’s basic earnings of $0.02 per Class B share. The diluted
weighted average number of shares was 179.2 million for 2022, compared to 180.9 million for 2021.
Adjusted basic earnings per Class B share was $3.57 for 2022, up 5.9% from $3.37 in 2021.
The movement in foreign currency exchange rates in 2022 versus 2021 had an estimated negative translation impact
of $0.02 on adjusted basic earnings per Class B share. This estimated foreign currency impact reflects the currency
translation in all foreign operations.
As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 11.8 million Class A voting shares and 165.2 million Class B non-voting
shares issued and outstanding. In addition, the Company had outstanding stock options to purchase 1.4 million Class B
non-voting shares, 0.4 million restricted stock units to issue 0.4 million Class B non-voting shares under the Restricted
Stock Unit Plan, 0.2 million restricted stock units to issue 0.2 million Class B non-voting shares under the 2017-2025 Long
Term Retention Plan, 0.1 million restricted stock units to issue 0.1 million Class B non-voting shares under the 2019 Long
Term Retention Plan (collectively the “RSUs”) and 0.3 million deferred share units (“DSU”) outstanding to issue 0.3 million
Class B non-voting shares. Lastly, the Company has a performance stock unit (“PSU”) plan to issue up to 1.5 million Class B
non-voting shares to participants, provided the financial performance criteria have been achieved and the participants are
still employed by the Company. Since December 31, 2022, 8,000 Class A voting shares were converted to 8,000 Class B
non-voting shares and 31,500 stock options were exercised for 31,500 Class B non-voting shares. There has been no
change in the number of RSU’s, DSUs or PSUs to be issued.




14       2022 Annual Report
H) Seasonality and Fourth Quarter Financial Results
                                               Unaudited       Unaudited       Unaudited       Unaudited
2022                                             Qtr 1           Qtr 2           Qtr 3           Qtr 4                  Year
Sales
  CCL                                      $     942.0     $     965.2     $   1,000.8     $     947.1       $        3,855.1
  Avery                                          180.3           236.5           257.0           239.8                  913.6
  Checkpoint                                     203.0           197.1           196.0           222.6                  818.7
  Innovia                                        196.4           216.4           204.3           177.7                  794.8
Total sales                                $   1,521.7     $   1,615.2     $   1,658.1     $   1,587.2       $        6,382.2
Segment operating income
  CCL                                      $     152.8     $     154.9     $     160.2     $     131.9       $         599.8
  Avery                                           33.9            46.9            44.7            42.1                 167.6
  Checkpoint                                      26.6            22.6            35.1            34.6                 118.9
  Innovia                                         15.3            23.4             6.8             2.6                  48.1
Operating income                                 228.6           247.8           246.8           211.2                 934.4
Corporate expenses                                17.6            17.8            18.9            17.5                  71.8
Restructuring and other items                      1.8             3.2             3.3             3.4                  11.7
Earnings in equity-accounted investments          (3.2)           (3.7)           (4.0)           (9.0)                (19.9)
                                                 212.4           230.5           228.6           199.3                 870.8
Finance cost, net                                 14.7            15.4            17.1            17.6                  64.8
Earnings before income taxes                     197.7           215.1           211.5           181.7                 806.0
Income taxes                                      47.5            51.7            47.6            36.5                 183.3
Net earnings                               $     150.2     $     163.4     $     163.9     $     145.2       $         622.7
Per Class B share
Basic earnings                             $       0.84    $       0.91    $       0.93    $       0.82      $          3.50
Diluted earnings                           $       0.83    $       0.91    $       0.92    $       0.82      $          3.48
Adjusted basic earnings                    $       0.85    $       0.94    $       0.95    $       0.83      $          3.57




                                                                                                 2022 Annual Report       15
M A N A G E M E N T ’ S D I S C U S S I O N A N D A N A LY S I S
Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (Tabular amounts in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share data)




                                                      Unaudited             Unaudited            Unaudited            Unaudited
2021                                                     Qtr 1                 Qtr 2                Qtr 3               Qtr 4           Year
Sales
  CCL                                           $        876.7        $        856.3       $        882.0         $     883.2     $   3,498.2
  Avery                                                  140.4                 178.9                209.7               179.9           708.9
  Checkpoint                                             168.7                 187.7                189.3               226.8           772.5
  Innovia                                                163.7                 183.4                207.2               198.9           753.2
Total sales                                     $      1,349.5        $      1,406.3       $      1,488.2         $   1,488.8     $   5,732.8
Segment operating income
  CCL                                           $        157.2        $        139.5       $        127.6         $     121.5     $    545.8
  Avery                                                   21.0                  38.2                 51.2                38.4          148.8
  Checkpoint                                              25.4                  29.1                 24.6                36.4          115.5
  Innovia                                                 19.5                  28.7                 20.5                12.5           81.2
Operating income                                         223.1                 235.5                223.9               208.8          891.3
Corporate expenses                                        15.9                  16.2                 10.3                18.2           60.6
Restructuring and other items                               —                    2.6                  0.7                 1.1            4.4
Earnings in equity-accounted investments                  (1.9)                 (2.1)                (2.4)               (4.8)         (11.2)
                                                         209.1                 218.8                215.3               194.3          837.5
Finance cost, net                                         14.7                  14.1                 14.2                13.9           56.9
Earnings before income taxes                             194.4                 204.7                201.1               180.4          780.6
Income taxes                                              46.6                  51.7                 47.9                35.3          181.5
Net earnings                                    $        147.8        $        153.0       $        153.2         $     145.1     $    599.1
Per Class B share
Basic earnings                                  $          0.82       $         0.86       $         0.85         $       0.80    $     3.33
Diluted earnings                                $          0.81       $         0.86       $         0.84         $       0.80    $     3.31
Adjusted basic earnings                         $          0.82       $         0.89       $         0.85         $       0.81    $     3.37

Fourth Quarter Results
Sales for the fourth quarter of 2022 increased 6.6% to $1,587.2 million, compared to $1,488.8 million recorded in the 2021
fourth quarter. Excluding foreign currency translation, sales for the fourth quarter of 2022 increased by 4.3% compared
to the 2021 fourth quarter. This increase was due to an organic sales decline of 0.6% offset by acquisition related growth
of 4.9%. The CCL Segment and Avery each recorded organic sales growth rates of 1.8% and 2.6%, respectively, while
Checkpoint and Innovia posted organic declines of 2.2% and 12.2%, respectively. Organic growth at the CCL Segment,
driven by strong results at the Home & Personal Care, Healthcare & Specialty and Food & Beverage sectors, partially offset
softness in electronics markets impacting CCL Design and an abnormally slow quarter at CCL Secure. Avery sales improved
significantly in North America offsetting declines internationally. Checkpoint’s modest organic decline attributable to slow
Merchandise Availability Solutions (“MAS”) markets in Asia and an inventory glut in ALS supply chains, more than offsetting
solid MAS markets in the Americas and continued strength in RFID products. Sales at Innovia were down on declines in
resin indices especially in North America and significantly lower demand in the label materials industry in both the United
States and Europe.
Operating income in the fourth quarter of 2022 increased 1.1% to $211.2 million, compared to $208.8 million in the fourth
quarter of 2021. For the fourth quarter of 2022, the CCL Segment and Avery improved operating income 8.6% and 9.6%,
respectively offsetting declines for Checkpoint and Innovia. Sales gains for the CCL Segment improved profitability 4.2%
net of currency translation, with improvements in all regions other than Asia Pacific. Profitability for Avery improved on
strong results for North American direct-to-consumer and the impact of recent acquisitions. Checkpoint’s results were
flat to the prior year, excluding the impact of currency translation. At Innovia, profitability declined on low label materials
industry demand, energy inflation in Europe, higher freight costs and falling resin indices pinching margins short term
on higher cost inventory.
Corporate expenses were $17.5 million in the fourth quarter of 2022, compared to $18.2 million recorded in the prior-year
period. The decrease in corporate costs is principally attributable to an insurance accrual recovery.



16       2022 Annual Report
Adjusted EBITDA increased 4.3% to $289.0 million for the fourth quarter of 2022 compared to $277.2 million for the 2021
comparable period. Adjusted EBITDA improved due to the aforementioned results for the CCL Segment and Avery.
Net finance cost was $17.6 million for the fourth quarter of 2022 compared to $13.9 million for the fourth quarter of 2021.
Increased total debt outstanding for the fourth quarter of 2022 compared to the fourth quarter of 2021 was the primary
driver for an increase in comparative net finance costs.
For the fourth quarter of 2022, restructuring costs and other items represented an expense of $3.4 million ($2.7 million
after tax) as follows:
• Restructuring expenses primarily related to severance and reorganization costs for the CCL Design and Checkpoint
  operations.
The negative earnings impact of these restructuring costs and other items for the 2022 fourth quarter was $0.01 per
Class B share.
For the fourth quarter of 2021, restructuring costs and other items represented an expense of $1.1 million ($0.9 million
after tax) as follows:
• Restructuring expenses primarily related to severance and reorganization costs for the CCL Segment and Checkpoint
  operations globally to match operational costs to customer demand levels during the pandemic.
The negative earnings impact of these restructuring and other items for the 2021 fourth quarter was $0.01 per Class B
share.
Tax expense in the fourth quarter of 2022 was $36.5 million, resulting in an effective tax rate of 21.2% compared to
$35.3 million and an effective tax rate of 20.1% in the prior-year period. The comparative effective tax rates for the
fourth quarters of 2022 and 2021 are lower than the annual effective tax rates due to the timing of reductions in valuation
allowances based on the Company’s ability to utilize previously unrecognized deferred tax assets at its foreign subsidiaries
and other discrete adjustments.
Net earnings in the fourth quarter of 2022 were $145.2 million, compared to net earnings of $145.1 million in the
fourth quarter of 2021.
Basic earnings per Class B share were $0.82 in the fourth quarter of 2022, compared to $0.80 in the fourth quarter of 2021.
The movement in foreign currency exchange rates in the fourth quarter of 2022 compared to 2021 had a positive impact
of $0.03 on basic earnings per Class B share.
Adjusted basic earnings per Class B share improved 2.5% to $0.83 for the fourth quarter of 2022, compared to $0.81 in
the corresponding quarter of 2021.

Summary of Seasonality and Quarterly Results
For the CCL Segment and Innovia, the first and second quarters are generally the strongest due to the number of workdays
and various customer-related activities. Also, there are many products that have a spring-summer bias in North America
and Europe such as horticultural labels, agricultural chemicals and certain beverage products, which generate additional
sales volumes for the Company in the first half of the year. The polymer banknote business within the CCL Segment
experiences intra-quarter variations in sales influenced by central banks’ reorder volatility. For Avery, the third quarter has
historically been its strongest as it benefits from increased demand related to back-to-school activities in North America,
although the impact is expected to diminish in future periods on secular declines in low-margin ring binder sales and
the expansion of the Avery’s direct-to-consumer businesses that do not have this seasonal bias. For Checkpoint, the
second half of the calendar year is healthier as the business substantially follows the retail cycle of its customers, which
traditionally experiences more consumer activity from September through to the end of the year and prepares for the
same in its supply chain from mid-year on. Checkpoint’s year-over-year comparative quarterly results often include one-
time large chain-wide customer-driven hardware installations that strengthen future reoccurring label revenues. Sales in
the final quarter of the year are negatively affected in North America by Thanksgiving and globally by the Christmas and
New Year holiday season shutdowns.
Sales and net earnings comparability between the quarters of 2022 and 2021 were primarily affected by the magnitude
of CV19-related civil limitations by country, regional economic variances, the impact of foreign currency changes relative
to the Canadian dollar, the impact of volatile energy and commodity markets resulting from the conflict between Ukraine
and Russia, supply chain disruptions, the timing of acquisitions, the effect of restructuring initiatives, the impact of central
bank reorder patterns, tax adjustments and other items. In particular, the first and second quarters of 2022 experienced
significant sales growth as the CCL Segment and Avery quickly increased sales prices to offset inflationary cost pressures



                                                                                                        2022 Annual Report   17
M A N A G E M E N T ’ S D I S C U S S I O N A N D A N A LY S I S
Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (Tabular amounts in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share data)




augmented by newly acquired businesses. The CCL Segment experienced notable increases in its Home & Personal Care
and Healthcare & Specialty business lines for the year on a more stable operating environment in North America. However,
China’s decision to abandon its zero-CV19 policy, and the resulting increase in illnesses caused a temporary downturn
of economic activity, most pronounced at CCL Design Electronics and Checkpoint, adversely impacting results for the
fourth quarter of 2022. Avery experienced an uptick in sales and profitability in the second quarter of 2022 as customers
commenced back-to-school purchases earlier due to uncertainty in the supply chain, resulting in a slight decrease for
the third quarter compared to traditional seasonal patterns. Avery’s direct-to-consumer name badge, event badge and
wristbands categories improved comparatively to each quarter of 2021 as sports and leisure events, conventions, meetings
and conferences trended towards pre-pandemic levels. Innovia’s resin index-linked sale price increased revenues in the
first part of the year, but sharp declines in indices for much of 2022 had a corresponding impact on sales and profitability
as the Segment sold through high priced inventories. Furthermore, dramatic increases in European energy costs in the
second half of 2022 negatively impacted Innovia’s profitability.


2. BUSINESS SEGMENT REVIEW


A) General
All divisions of the Company invest capital and management effort to develop world-class manufacturing operations,
with spending allocated to geographic expansion, cost-reduction projects, the development of innovative products and
processes, the maintenance and expansion of existing capacity and the continuous improvement in health and safety in the
workplace, including environmental management. The Company also makes strategic acquisitions for global competitive
advantage, servicing large customers, taking advantage of new geographic markets, finding adjacent and new product
opportunities, adding new customer segments, building infrastructure and improving operating performance. Avery,
Checkpoint and the CCL Design business within the CCL Segment are less capital intensive as a percentage of sales than
the Company’s other businesses. Further discussion on capital spending is provided in the individual Segment discussion
sections below.
Although each Segment is a leader in market share or has a significant position in the markets it serves in each of its
operating locales, it also generally operates in a mature and competitive environment. For a number of years, consumer
products and healthcare companies have experienced steady pressure to maintain or even reduce prices to their major
retail and distribution channels, which has driven significant consolidation in the Company’s customer base. This has
resulted in many customers seeking supply chain efficiencies and cost savings in order to maintain profit margins. Volatile
commodity costs, and more recently in 2022, obvious inflationary input costs have also created challenges to manage
pricing with customers. These dynamics have been an ongoing challenge for the Company and its competitors, requiring
greater management and financial control and flexible cost structures. Unlike some of its competitors, the Company has
the financial strength to invest in the equipment and innovation necessary to constantly strive to be the highest value-
added producer in the markets that it serves.
The cost of many of the key raw material inputs for the Company, such as plastic films and resins, paper, specialty
chemicals and aluminum, are largely dependent on the supply and demand economics within the petrochemical, energy
and base metals industries. Checkpoint purchases component parts including circuit boards, memory chips and other
electronic modules from third parties. The significant cost fluctuations for these inputs can have an impact on the
Company’s profitability. The Company generally has the ability, due to its size and the use of long-term contracts with both
suppliers and customers, to mitigate volatility in purchased costs and, where necessary, to pass these on to the market
in higher product prices. However, Innovia and parts of the CCL Segment can experience delays in price adjustments,
up or down, to customers due to the nature of their respective relationships and contracts. Innovia’s pricing mechanisms
are more complex, involving multiple indices for polypropylene used by customers and suppliers and differing terms in
contracts when trigger points are arrived at for price changes. The success of the Company is dependent on each business
managing the cost-and-price equation with suppliers and customers.
A driver across the Company for maximizing operating profitability is the discipline of pricing contracts based on size
and complexity, including consideration for fluctuations in raw materials and packaging costs, manufacturing run lengths
and available capacity. This approach facilitates effective asset utilization and relatively higher levels of profitability.
Performance is generally measured by product against estimates used to calculate pricing, including targets for scrap
and output efficiency. An analysis of total utilization versus capacity available per production line or facility is also used
to manage certain divisions of the business. In most of the Company’s operations, the measurement of each sales order
shipped is based on actual selling prices and production costs to calculate the amount of actual profit margin earned
and its return on sales relative to the established benchmarks. This process ensures that pricing policies and production
performance are aligned in attaining profit margin targets by order, by plant and by division.



18       2022 Annual Report
Management believes it has both the financial and non-financial resources, internal controls and reporting systems and
processes in place to execute its strategic plan, to manage its key performance drivers and to deliver targeted financial
results over time. In addition, the Company’s internal audit function provides another discipline to ensure that its disclosure
controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting will be assessed on a regular basis against current
corporate standards of effectiveness and compliance.
The Company is not particularly dependent upon specialized manufacturing equipment. Most of the technology employed
by the production sites can be sourced from multiple suppliers. The Company, however, has the resources to invest in large-
scale projects to build infrastructure in current and new markets because of its financial strength relative to that of many of
its competitors. Direct competitors in parts of the CCL Segment are often smaller and may not have the financial resources
to stay current in maintaining state-of-the-art facilities. Certain new manufacturing lines take many months for suppliers to
construct, and any delays in delivery and commissioning can have an impact on customer expectations and the Company’s
profitability. Innovia, in addition to its unique method for producing BOPP films for label and packaging applications, also
provides the Company with the know-how and material science capability to develop proprietary substrates. Finally, the
Company also uses strategic partnerships as a method of obtaining exclusive technology in order to support growth plans
and to expand its product offerings. The Company’s major competitive advantage is based on its strong customer service,
process technology, the know-how of its people, market-leading brand awareness and loyalty, and the ability to develop
proprietary technologies and manufacturing techniques. During 2022, the Company commenced operations of its new
proprietary “EcoFloat” shrink films manufacturing line. This hybrid polyolefin film facilitates easy separation from primary
bottle packaging to aid customers’ bottle-to-bottle circular recycling initiatives globally.
The expertise of the Company’s employees is a key element in achieving the Company’s business plans. This know-how
is broadly distributed throughout the world; therefore, the Company is generally not at risk of losing its competency
through the loss of any particular employee or group of employees. Employee skills develop through on-the-job training
and external technical education, enhanced by the Company’s entrepreneurial culture of considering creative alternative
applications and processes for its products.
The nature of the research carried out by the CCL Segment can be characterized as application or process development.
The Company spends meaningful resources on assisting customers to develop new and innovative products. While
customers regularly come to CCL with concepts and request assistance to develop products, the Company also takes its
own new ideas to the market. Proprietary information is protected by confidentiality agreements and by limiting access to
its manufacturing facilities. The Company values the importance of protecting its customers’ brands and products from
fraudulent use and, consequently, is selective in choosing appropriate customer and supplier relationships.
Avery has a strong commitment to understanding its ultimate end users, actively seeking product feedback and using
consumer focus groups to drive product development initiatives. Furthermore, it leverages the wider Company’s
technology to deliver product innovation that aligns with consumer printable media trends. Avery has also invested in
many direct-to-consumer businesses globally and encourages the cross-pollination of unique products and best practices.
Checkpoint has always been an innovator in its industry, with a strong dedication to research and development activities.
It was a pioneer of RF electronic-article-surveillance hardware and consumables. Checkpoint has made further advances
with the active enhancement and deployment of RFID solutions, including inventory management software, to the retail
and apparel industries.
Innovia maintains a world-class research and development centre specifically dedicated to the support of films for label,
security and packaging applications. The new discoveries and product enhancements generated from this centre are
deployed globally, sometimes benefitting downstream businesses such as CCL Secure and CCL Label.
The Company continues to invest time and capital to upgrade and expand its information technology systems and security.
This investment is critical to keeping pace with customer requirements and in gaining or maintaining a competitive edge.
Software packages are, in general, off-the-shelf systems customized to meet the needs of individual business locations.
The CCL Segment, Avery, Checkpoint and Innovia communicate with many customers and suppliers electronically,
particularly with regard to supply-chain-management solutions and when transferring and confirming design formats
and colours. A core attribute of Avery’s printable media products is the customized software to enable short-run digital
printing in businesses and homes. Avery recognizes that it is critical to develop its software solutions to maintain its
market-leading position with consumers. Avery launched WePrint™, expanding its direct-to-consumer software solutions,
and acquired the e-commerce platforms of 19 companies over the past nine years, to leverage acquired digital printing
software into the pre-existing Avery suite.




                                                                                                       2022 Annual Report   19
M A N A G E M E N T ’ S D I S C U S S I O N A N D A N A LY S I S
Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (Tabular amounts in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share data)




Avery products are most often sold under the market-leading Avery brand and, with equal prominence in German-speaking
countries, the Zweckform brand and within Brazil the Adelbras brand. At Checkpoint, products are predominantly sold
under the Checkpoint brand and, for retail merchandising products in Europe and Asia Pacific, the Meto brand. The
Company recognizes that in order to maintain the pre-eminent positions for Avery, Zweckform, Adelbras, Checkpoint and
Meto, it must continually invest in promoting these brands. Product quality, innovation and performance are recognized
attributes for the success of these brands.
The Company deploys many initiatives to reduce the carbon footprint of its products and services to ensure the business
is sustainable. A few of the notable items in 2022 that advanced the Company’s sustainability and environmental goals are
described here. CCL Label broke ground on its new sustainable sleeve building in Dornbirn, Austria, which will expand the
Company’s current operations in Europe for sustainable sleeve solutions. EcoFloat® film for Sleeves was officially approved
for PET recycling in South Africa. CCL Secure won the Energy Management Award at the 23rd Energy Institute Awards
ceremony, receiving recognition for achieving a 26% reduction in CO2 emissions, 31% reduction in energy consumption
and 40% reduction in water usage per tonne of product since 2018. Avery’s new line of ecofriendly dissolvable labels
disintegrate completely in water, without leaving sticky residue behind. The process does not require hot water to dissolve
and will disintegrate in thirty seconds or less. Dissolvable labels are ideal for reusable containers that will be washed
regularly or for containers with constantly changing contents or expiration dates. Innovia launched Rayoface™ CSA46,
a clear, one-side gloss coated BOPP film that is approximately 10% thinner than most facestock films, providing a higher
yield and improved carbon footprint, perfect for Food & Beverage and Home & Personal care applications.

Business Segment Results
                                                                                                                        2022          2021
Segment sales
  CCL                                                                                                             $   3,855.1   $   3,498.2
  Avery                                                                                                                 913.6         708.9
  Checkpoint                                                                                                            818.7         772.5
  Innovia                                                                                                               794.8         753.2
Total sales                                                                                                       $   6,382.2   $   5,732.8
Operating income*
 CCL                                                                                                              $    599.8    $    545.8
 Avery                                                                                                                 167.6         148.8
 Checkpoint                                                                                                            118.9         115.5
 Innovia                                                                                                                48.1          81.2
Operating income                                                                                                  $    934.4    $    891.3

* This is a non-IFRS measure. Refer to “Key Performance Indicators and Non-IFRS Measures” in Section 5A.


Comments on Business Segments
The above summary includes the results of acquisitions on reported sales and operating income from the date of
acquisition.

B) CCL Segment
There are five customer sectors inside the CCL Segment. The Company trades in three of them as CCL Label (with
Label substituted as relevant for Tube and Container product lines) and one each as CCL Design and CCL Secure. The
differentiated CCL sub-branding points to the nature of the application for the final product. The sectors have many
common or overlapping customers, process technologies, information technology systems, raw material suppliers and
operational infrastructures. CCL Label supplies innovative specialized label, plastic tube, aluminum aerosol and specialty
bottle solutions to Home & Personal Care and Food & Beverage companies. It also supplies regulated and complex
multi-layer labels and specialty folding cartons for major pharmaceutical, consumer medicine, medical instrument and
industrial or consumer chemical customers referred to as the Healthcare & Specialty business. CCL Design supplies long-
life, high-performance labels and complex engineered parts to automotive, electronics and durable goods companies.
CCL Secure supplies polymer banknote substrate, pressure sensitive stamps, passport components, ID cards and other
security documents to government institutions.




20       2022 Annual Report
The Segment’s product lines include pressure sensitive labels, shrink sleeves, stretch sleeves, in-mould labels, precision
printed and die cut metal, glass and plastic components, expanded content labels, pharmaceutical instructional leaflets,
specialty folded cartons, graphic security features, extruded or labeled plastic tubes, aluminum aerosols or specialty
bottles and printed polymer security film substrates. It currently operates 149 production facilities located in Canada, the
United States (including Puerto Rico), Argentina, Australia, Austria, Brazil, Chile, China, Denmark, Egypt, France, Germany,
Hungary, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Korea, Malaysia, Mexico, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Oman, Pakistan, Philippines, Poland,
Russia, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, South Africa, Switzerland, Thailand, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, the United Kingdom
and Vietnam. Nine of these plants are connected to the equity investments in CCL-Kontur and Pacman-CCL, which are
included in the above locations.
This Segment’s industry is made up of a very large number of competitors that manufacture a vast array of decorative,
product information, identification and security label-type applications. The Company believes that CCL is one of the
largest consolidated operators in most of its defined global market sectors. Competition often comes from single-plant
businesses, invariably owned by private operators who compete with the Segment in local markets. There are also a
number of multi-plant competitors in certain regions of the world and a handful of specialists in a single market segment
globally. However, there are few major competitors with the product breadth, global reach and scale of the CCL Segment.
The Company has completed numerous label business acquisitions, strategic joint ventures and greenfield start-ups
geographically and added new product offerings to position CCL Label as a global leader in the Home & Personal Care,
Food & Beverage and Healthcare & Specialty end markets. CCL Design is an equally significant financial and geographic
market for the CCL Segment, principally focused on the automotive, electronics and durable goods markets. The high-
security, specialized polymer banknote operations form an integral part of CCL Secure.
CCL produces labels predominantly from polyolefin films and paper partly sourced from extruding, coating and laminating
companies, using raw materials primarily from the petrochemical and paper industries. CCL also coats and laminates
pressure sensitive materials in house and is generally able to mitigate the cost volatility of third-party-sourced materials
due to a combination of purchasing leverage, agreements with suppliers and its ability to pass on these cost increases to
customers. In the label industry, price changes regularly occur as specifications are constantly changed by the marketers
and, as a result, the selling prices of these labels are updated, reflecting current market costs and new shapes and designs.
CCL’s global customers expect a full range of product offerings in more geographic regions, further integration into their
supply chain at a global level and protection of their brands, particularly in markets where counterfeiting is rife. These
requirements put many of the Segment’s competitors at a disadvantage, as do the investment hurdles in converting
equipment and technologies to deliver products, services and innovations. Having trusted and reliable suppliers is an
important consideration for global consumer product companies, major pharmaceutical companies, OEMs in the durable
goods business and, of course, central banks. This is even more important in an uncertain economic environment when
many smaller competitors may encounter difficulties and customers want to ensure their suppliers are financially viable.
CCL considers customers’ demand levels, particularly in North America and Western Europe, to be reasonably mature
and, as such, will continue to focus its expansion plans on innovative and higher growth and value-added product lines
within those geographies, with a view to improving overall profitability. In Asia, Latin America and other emerging markets,
a higher level of economic growth is still expected over the coming years, despite the slower conditions experienced in
the past few years. This should provide opportunities for the Segment to improve market share and increase profitability
in these regions. Furthermore, there is close alignment of label demand to consumer staples, with the exception of CCL
Design and CCL Secure, which are completely aligned to the automotive, electronics and durable goods industries, as
well as government institutions and central banks, respectively. Management believes the Segment will attain the sales
volumes, geographic distribution and reach mirroring those of its customers over the next few years through its focused
strategy and by capitalizing on following customer trends.

CCL Segment Financial Performance
                                                                                    2022         % Growth                   2021
Sales                                                                       $     3,855.1              10.2%     $        3,498.2
Operating income                                                            $       599.8               9.9%     $          545.8
Return on sales                                                                      15.6%                                   15.6%

Sales in the CCL Segment for 2022 increased 10.2% to $3,855.1 million, compared to $3,498.2 million in 2021, driven by
organic growth of 8.3% and 2.3% from acquisition-related growth, partially offset by 0.4% negative impact from foreign
currency translation.




                                                                                                     2022 Annual Report       21
M A N A G E M E N T ’ S D I S C U S S I O N A N D A N A LY S I S
Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (Tabular amounts in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share data)




Sales in 2022 for North America were up high single digit excluding the impact of currency translation and acquisitions,
compared to 2021. Home & Personal Care sales and profitability increased on very strong demand for aerosol containers,
price increases in all product lines plus modest market share gains in labels and tubes. Healthcare & Specialty sales
and profitability improved significantly with strong demand in Healthcare partially offset by soft Specialty markets as
pandemic-related consumer lawn & garden chemicals demand faded. Food & Beverage results, although solid, declined
compared to a robust prior period due to a more normalized product mix in the current year less influenced by a post-
pandemic surge in “on-premise” demand in the prior year. CCL Design sales and profitability declined on reduced demand
in the technology sector and supply chain and unrecovered inflation challenges in the automotive sector that commenced
in 2021 and prevailed for much of 2022. Overall, profitability and return on sales improved as operating efficiencies were
implemented and inflationary cost increases were managed effectively.
European sales were up high single digit for 2022, excluding currency translation and acquisitions, compared to 2021.
Home & Personal Care organic sales improved modestly and profitability would have been flat to the prior year if not for
adverse currency devaluation. Healthcare & Specialty sales increased significantly on strong demand in Healthcare across
the region, offsetting share loss in Ag-Chem markets; profitability improved dramatically with particularly improved results
in Denmark and Germany. Food & Beverage sales gained in all markets due to price increases, however, profitability after the
negative impact of currency translation was flat to 2021. CCL Design, excluding the newly acquired McGavigan business,
improved sales and profitability on comparatively stronger automotive, industrial and electronics markets. CCL Secure
results reduced significantly on slow demand and softer sales mix for the year. Overall European sales improved as price
increases offset inflationary cost escalation, but profitability declined due the adverse impact of currency devaluation.
Sales in Latin America, excluding currency translation, increased double digit for 2022 compared to 2021. Sales improved
in Mexico in all lines of business. Profitability in Mexico also increased dramatically with particularly robust gains at
CCL Secure and CCL Container. In Brazil, sales and profitability improved significantly with gains across all product
categories (especially Food & Beverage) augmented by the impact of favourable currency translation. Results in Argentina
improved but were more than offset by a decrease in Chile with both countries impacted by currency devaluation.
Excluding the impact of currency translation, overall operating income and return on sales improved compared to 2021.
Asia Pacific 2022 sales, excluding acquisitions and currency translation were down low single digit compared to 2021.
Sales in China were modestly down for the year, driven by an exceptionally soft fourth quarter at CCL Design due to weak
electronics markets and the wide CV19 case outbreak that followed the lifting of restrictions, which reduced domestic
demand and impaired many customers’ operations. Sales and profitability across ASEAN markets improved compared
to the prior year period that was still impacted by strong CV19 restrictions. In Australia, sales and profitability decreased,
with flat results for label operations offset by significantly reduced results at CCL Secure compared to a robust prior
year. South Africa posted significantly improved results compared to the 2021 start-up year. For the Asia Pacific region,
operating income declined and return on sales fell.
Operating income for the CCL Segment increased by 9.9% to $599.8 million for 2022 compared to $545.8 million for 2021,
principally due to the success of the CCL Segment in North America and Latin America. Foreign currency translation also
had a positive effect of 0.2% on 2022 operating income compared to 2021. Operating income as a percentage of sales
for 2022 and 2021 was 15.6%.
The CCL Segment invested $322.9 million in capital spending in 2022 compared to $230.6 million last year. The major
expenditures were for equipment installations and new plants to support capacity additions globally. Depreciation and
amortization, excluding amortization on right-of-use assets, for the CCL Segment was $212.1 million in 2022, compared
to $205.3 million in 2021.

C) Avery
Avery is one of the world’s largest supplier of labels, specialty converted media and software solutions to enable short-run
digital printing in businesses and homes alongside complementary products sold through distributors and mass-market
retailers and pressure sensitive tapes in Brazil. The products are split into five primary lines: (1) Printable Media: including
address labels, product identification labels and name badges/cards supported by customized software solutions where
applicable; (2) Organization Products: including binders, indexes, sheet protectors, and writing instruments; (3) Direct-
to-Consumer: digitally imaged labels, name & event badges, RFID enabled key cards & wristbands, planners and kids-
oriented identification labels supported by unique web-enabled e-commerce URLs; (4) Pressure Sensitive Tapes; and
(5) Horticultural labels & tags. Products in the Printable Media and Direct-to-Consumer categories are predominantly
used by businesses and individual consumers consistently throughout the year; however, in Organization Products, North
American demand typically surges for the back-to-school season during the third quarter. Horticultural labels & tags are
seasonally stronger in the first and fourth quarters.




22       2022 Annual Report
Avery operates 23 manufacturing and three distribution facilities. Sales for Avery are principally generated in North America,
Europe, Latin America and Australia, with a market-leading position. Many products are sold under the market-leading
Avery brand and, with equal prominence in German-speaking countries, under the Zweckform brand name that is better
known by consumers in that part of Europe. Avery bolstered its presence in Latin America in 2022 with the Adelbras
acquisition in Brazil with its well established in-market brand under the same name. Avery also has a well-known assembly
of direct-to-consumer and direct-to-business brands supported by unique URLs.
   pc/nametag                Mabel’s Labels
   goedgemerkt               badgepoint
   Imprint Plus              Easy2Name
   Colle à Moi               Stuck on You
   IDentilam                 I.D.&C.
   InTouch                   Plum Paper
   MasterTag                 RFID Hotel
   Floramedia
Avery reaches some of its consumers and end users at small businesses through distribution channels including mass-
market merchandisers, office superstores, wholesalers, contract stationers, mail order and e-commerce retailers. Merger
activity and store closures in some of these distribution channels can lead to short-term volume declines as customer
inventory positions are consolidated. Avery is the leading brand in its core markets, with the principal competition being
lower-priced private label products. Secular decline in Organization Products and core mailing address labels has been
partly offset by innovations such as shipping and product identification labels and Avery’s proprietary direct-to-consumer
e-commerce label design software platform WePrint™. Furthermore with 19 acquisitions since 2014, Avery expanded its
digital printing franchises to custom roll labels, the digital graphic arts sector, the meetings and events planning industry,
personalized identification labels for kids, event badges, personalized planners, RFID-enabled keycards & wristbands and
horticultural labels & tags. Some of these e-commerce platforms expanded rapidly during the pandemic while others,
such as event and corporate identity name badges weakened, and some very significantly. Future growth rates in all these
new businesses are expected to outpace Avery’s legacy product lines. It is also the Company’s expectation that Avery will
continue to open up new revenue streams in short-run digital printing applications.

Avery Financial Performance
                                                                                     2022         % Growth                 2021
Sales                                                                        $      913.6              28.9%      $        708.9
Operating income                                                             $      167.6              12.6%      $        148.8
Return on sales                                                                      18.3%                                  21.0%

Avery sales for 2022 were $913.6 million a 28.9% improvement compared to the $708.9 million posted in 2021. The
increase was due to 7.1% organic growth, 21.3% acquisition-related growth, and 0.5% positive impact from foreign currency
translation compared to 2021.
North American sales increased high single digit for 2022, excluding currency translation and acquisitions, compared to
2021. Sales and profitability in the Printable Media category declined due to the impact of one key customer dramatically
reducing inventory along with paper shortages on the supply side. Organization Products results increased on improving
end market demand as office work began to return to normal, noteworthy price increases and share gains for three-ring
binders. Direct-to-Consumer business lines, including name badges all produced strong results for 2022. The newly
acquired RFID card business continued to perform ahead of expectations. The IMP horticultural business saw slower
consumer demand. Overall profitability increased, but the decline in the printable media category resulted in a lower
return on sales.
International sales, largely generated from products in the Printable Media, Pressure Sensitive Tapes, Horticultural and
Direct-to-Consumer categories, represent approximately 31% of the Avery Segment for 2022. Sales, excluding acquisitions
and currency translation, were up single digit in Europe with significant organic growth across all the Direct-to-Consumer
categories partially offset by reductions at legacy Printable Media operations. The smaller business units experienced
mixed results, with gains in Latin American business offset by a decline in results in Australia. The newly acquired Adelbras
performed to expectations but Floramedia, like IMP above, experienced slower demand in a soft horticultural market.
Operating income increased 12.6% to $167.6 million for 2022 compared to $148.8 million in 2021. Return on sales was 18.3%
for 2022 compared to 21.0% for 2021, largely due to the impact of recent acquisitions.




                                                                                                      2022 Annual Report    23
M A N A G E M E N T ’ S D I S C U S S I O N A N D A N A LY S I S
Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (Tabular amounts in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share data)




Avery invested $38.0 million in capital spending for 2022, compared to $14.7 million for 2021. The majority of the
expenditures in 2022 were for infrastructure additions in the Direct-to-Consumer operations in North America and Europe.
Depreciation and amortization, excluding amortization on right-of-use assets, was $28.8 million for 2022 compared to
$19.0 million for 2021.

D) Checkpoint
Checkpoint is a leading manufacturer of technology-driven loss-prevention, inventory-management and labeling solutions,
including RF and RFID solutions, to the retail and apparel industry globally. There are three primary product lines: MAS, ALS
and Meto. The MAS line focuses on electronic-article-surveillance (“EAS”) systems, including hardware, software, labels
and tags for loss prevention and inventory control systems including RFID solutions. ALS products are apparel labels and
tags, some of which are RFID capable. Meto is a small separately branded Europe-centric product line, including hand-held
pricing tools and labels and promotional in-store displays. All MAS and ALS products are sold under the Checkpoint brand.
Checkpoint is supported by 25 manufacturing facilities, ten distribution facilities and three product and software
development centres globally. Checkpoint is headquartered in the United States but uses its worldwide footprint to
generate sales internationally. Checkpoint sells directly to retailers or apparel manufacturers and competes with other
global retail labeling companies.
Checkpoint’s market-leading position, strong brand recognition and product development pipeline should still drive
modest growth despite the move to an omni-channel retail landscape. Large contracts with retailers for hardware and
software can create significant quarter-to-quarter and, in some cases, year-to-year revenue volatility. However, Checkpoint’s
comprehensive solution of hardware and software also creates an important high-margin recurring revenue stream for
related consumables. The Company is also confident that Checkpoint can capture its share of the fast-growing RFID
market as retailers move increasingly to omni-channel distribution from a single inventory position.

Checkpoint Financial Performance
                                                                                                    2022          % Growth        2021
Sales                                                                                      $        818.7              6.0%   $   772.5
Operating income                                                                           $        118.9              2.9%   $   115.5
Return on sales                                                                                      14.5%                         15.0%

Checkpoint sales were $818.7 million for 2022, a 6.0% increase compared to $772.5 million for 2021, driven by 3.8% organic
growth, 5.5% acquisition growth partially offset by a 3.3% negative impact from foreign currency translation.
MAS sales and profitability declined overall compared to a strong 2021, despite gains in North America and Latin America
attributable to sale price increases that compensated for inflationary cost tension, which was more than offset by lower
volume and soft end market demand in Europe and Asia. This led to some restructuring of the sales organizations in
those regions and the announced closure of a global supply plant in Japan. Notwithstanding a weaker than expected
fourth quarter as the apparel supply chain wrestled high inventories, ALS results for 2022 increased significantly, buoyed
by strong growth in RFID products, newly implemented productivity initiatives and solid contributions from recent
acquisitions. The smaller Meto business recorded improved performance for 2022 compared to 2021.
Operating income for 2022 was $118.9 million, an increase of 2.9% compared to $115.5 million in 2021. Return on sales was
14.5% for 2022, compared to 15.0% for 2021.
Checkpoint invested $50.8 million in capital spending for 2022, compared to $31.5 million for 2021. The majority of
expenditures in 2022 were in the Europe and Asia Pacific regions to enhance capacity in ALS manufacturing facilities.
Depreciation and amortization, excluding amortization on right-of-use assets, was $34.2 million for 2022, compared to
$31.3 million for 2021.

E)   Innovia
Innovia operations acquired in 2017, Treofan acquired in 2018, Flexpol acquired in 2020 and two small legacy film
manufacturing facilities transferred from the CCL Segment make up this business. Innovia’s global footprint for the
manufacture of specialty high-performance, multi-layer, surface-engineered BOPP films, includes major facilities located
in each of Australia, Belgium, Mexico, Poland and the United Kingdom. These films are sold to customers in the pressure
sensitive materials, flexible packaging and consumer packaged goods industries worldwide, with a small percentage of the
total volume consumed internally by CCL Secure and CCL Label within the CCL Segment. In addition, two smaller legacy
facilities, one located in Germany and one in the United States, produce almost their entire output for the CCL Segment’s
Food & Beverage and Home & Personal Care businesses, respectively. During the second quarter of 2022, Innovia



24       2022 Annual Report
commenced operations of its new “EcoFloat” investment in Poland. This hybrid polyolefin shrink film facilitates easy
separation from the primary bottle packaging to accommodate customers’ bottle-to-bottle circular recycling initiatives
globally. The majority of the film produced by this production line will be used by the CCL Segment’s Food & Beverage
business.
Polypropylene resin is the most significant input cost for this Segment, derived from oil or natural gas and manufactured
globally by a limited number of producers. Polypropylene costs depend on the prices of natural gas, oil and the availability
of resin cracking capacity. Innovia does not use derivative financial instruments to hedge its exposure to volatility of
polypropylene prices; therefore, many of its large customer price agreements adjust for movements up and down in
resin cost. Polypropylene costs increased throughout 2021, with North America outpacing Europe in resin price declines
during much of 2022.
Film innovation remains a strategic focus for the Segment, investing resources in its industry-leading research and
development people and laboratory in the United Kingdom. This commitment has resulted in the development of unique
process technology, highly differentiated specialty BOPP films and innovative surface coating technology, keeping film
innovation at the forefront for the Segment.
During 2022, Innovia announced a significant investment in new films manufacturing capacity in Germany. This new multi-
layer co-extrusion film line will produce highly engineered thin gauge pressure sensitive label film to support growing
sustainability-driven lower resin content materials. Construction of this new facility is expected to start by the second
quarter of 2023 with commercial operations slated for early 2025.

Innovia Financial Performance
                                                                                     2022          % Growth                 2021
Sales                                                                        $       794.8               5.5%      $        753.2
Operating income                                                             $        48.1             (40.8%)     $         81.2
Return on sales                                                                        6.1%                                  10.8%

Innovia sales for 2022 increased 5.5% to $794.8 million, compared to $753.2 million in 2021, attributable to 6.8% organic
growth, partially offset by 1.3% negative impact from foreign currency translation. The organic increase is attributable to the
pass-through pricing mechanics associated with dramatically higher resin costs in the first part of the year partially offset
by falling resin costs for much of 2022. Volume of film sold in North America increased, however, the decommissioning of
an old film line in Poland to make way for the start-up of the new “EcoFloat” investment and weak European label materials
industry demand in the fourth quarter offset. Films sold internally for CCL Secure and CCL Label operations were solid.
Operating income declined 40.8% to $48.1 million compared to $81.2 million for 2021. Sequential monthly declines in
resin costs, especially in the United States, and the corresponding reduction in sales price progressively implemented for
much of 2022, squeezed margins as Innovia worked through higher cost inventory positions. Although significant energy
surcharges in Europe were implemented earlier in the year to aid in offsetting rapidly escalating costs in the region at
historically unheard-of rates, acceptance by the customer base and dramatically volatile movements in energy prices
delayed its impact. Significant increases in transportation costs also negatively impacted profitability for 2022 compared
to 2021, especially in Europe. Return on sales was 6.1% for 2022 compared to 10.8% for 2021.
Innovia invested $35.4 million in capital spending for 2022 largely for the new film extrusion and top coating capabilities in
Europe and Mexico compared to $47.0 million for 2021. Depreciation and amortization for Innovia, excluding amortization
on right-of-use assets, was $47.1 million for 2022, compared to $46.1 million for 2021.

F)   Joint Ventures
For the years ended December 31                                                      2022               2021                 +/-
Sales (at 100%)
  CCL Label joint ventures                                                   $       187.7     $       143.5                30.8%
Earnings in equity-accounted investments (at 100%)
  CCL Label joint ventures                                                   $        39.8     $        22.5                76.9%
Earnings in equity-accounted investments (at 50%)                            $        19.9     $        11.2                77.7%

Results from the joint ventures are not proportionately consolidated into a Segment but instead accounted for as
equity investments. The Company’s share of the joint ventures’ net income is disclosed in earnings in equity-accounted
investments in the consolidated income statement.


                                                                                                       2022 Annual Report    25
M A N A G E M E N T ’ S D I S C U S S I O N A N D A N A LY S I S
Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (Tabular amounts in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share data)




Both Pacman-CCL and CCL-Kontur had record years as sales and profitability increased significantly on strong product
mix and market share gains. Earnings in equity-accounted investments amounted to $19.9 million for 2022, compared
to $11.2 million for 2021. Excluding the impact of foreign currency translation, sales and earnings in equity-accounted
investments improved 26.0% and 79.7%, respectively.


3 . F I N A N C I N G A N D R I S K M A N AG E M E N T


A) Liquidity and Capital Resources
The Company’s leverage ratio is as follows:
For the years ended December 31                                                                                              2022                 2021
Current debt                                                                                                       $          6.6        $         15.3
Current lease liabilities                                                                                                    40.0                  32.7
Long-term debt                                                                                                            2,175.6               1,691.4
Long-term lease liabilities                                                                                                 139.6                 111.9
Total debt(1)                                                                                                             2,361.8               1,851.3
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                  (839.5)               (602.1)
Net debt(1)                                                                                                        $      1,522.3        $      1,249.2
Adjusted EBITDA                                                                                                    $      1,231.4        $      1,173.1
Net debt to Adjusted EBITDA(1)                                                                                               1.24                  1.06
(1)
      Total debt, net debt and net debt to Adjusted EBITDA are non-IFRS measures; see “Key Performance Indicators and Non-IFRS Measures” in Section 5A.


In May 2022, the Company amended its syndicated revolving credit facility extending the maturity an additional two years
to February 2027.
The Company’s debt structure at December 31, 2022, was primarily comprised of the 144A 3.05% private notes due
June 2030 in the principal amount of US$600.0 million ($806.4 million), 144A 3.25% private notes due October 2026 in
the principal amount of US$500.0 million ($674.2 million), the $300.0 million principal amount 3.864% Series 1 Notes due
April 2028, and borrowings of $394.1 million on the Company’s syndicated revolving credit facility. Outstanding contingent
letters of credit totaled $1.8 million; accordingly, there was approximately US$910.0 million of unused availability on the
revolving credit facility at December 31, 2022.
The Company’s debt structure at December 31, 2021, was primarily comprised of the 144A 3.05% private notes due
June 2030 in the principal amount of US$600.0 million ($750.5 million), 144A 3.25% private notes due October 2026 in
the principal amount of US$500.0 million ($627.4 million), the $300.0 million principal amount 3.864% Series 1 Notes due
April 2028, and borrowings of $9.5 million on the Company’s syndicated revolving credit facility. Outstanding contingent
letters of credit totaled $3.5 million; accordingly, there was approximately US$1.19 billion of unused availability on the
revolving credit facility at December 31, 2021.
Net debt was $1,522.3 million at December 31, 2022, $273.1 million higher than the net debt of $1,249.2 million at
December 31, 2021. Net issuance of long-term debt was $292.3 million, inclusive of lease obligation repayments and the
impact of foreign currency translation. Net debt increased due to net drawdowns on syndicated revolving long-term debt
facilities to finance acquisitions and the purchase of shares under the Company’s normal course issuer bid.
Net debt to Adjusted EBITDA increased to 1.24 times as at December 31, 2022, compared to 1.06 times at the end of 2021,
due to the increase in net debt, partially offset by an increase in Adjusted EBITDA. The measure will continue to strengthen
as the Company strategically deploys its free cash flow for business acquisitions and capital expenditures, offset by any
future purchase of shares under its normal course issuer bid.
The Company’s overall average finance rate was 2.9% as at December 31, 2022, compared to 2.4% at December 31, 2021,
reflecting an increase in borrowing on the Company’s syndicated revolving credit facility at higher short-term variable
interest rates.
Interest coverage (a non-IFRS measure; see “Key Performance Indicators and Non-IFRS Measures” in Section 5A) was
13.3 times and 14.6 times in 2022 and 2021, respectively, indicative of higher net finance costs relative to increased
operating income.




26          2022 Annual Report
The Company’s approach to managing liquidity risk is to ensure that it will always have sufficient liquidity to meet liabilities
when they are due. The Company believes its liquidity will be satisfactory for the foreseeable future due to its significant
cash balances, its expected positive operating cash flow and the availability of its unused revolving credit line. The
Company anticipates funding all of its future commitments from the above sources but may raise further funds by entering
into new debt financing arrangements or issuing further equity to satisfy its future additional obligations or investment
opportunities.

B) Cash Flow

Summary of Cash Flows
                                                                                                        2022                  2021
Cash provided by operating activities                                                           $       992.8       $         838.7
Cash used for financing activities                                                                      (72.6)               (370.0)
Cash used for investing activities                                                                     (706.6)               (541.3)
Effect of exchange rates on cash                                                                         23.8                 (29.0)
Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                                $       237.4       $        (101.6)
Cash and cash equivalents – end of year                                                         $       839.5       $        602.1

In 2022, cash provided by operating activities was $992.8 million, compared to $838.7 million in 2021. Free cash flow
from operations (a non-IFRS measure; see “Key Performance Indicators and Non-IFRS Measures” in Section 5A) was
$573.4 million for 2022, compared to $531.8 million in the prior year. Driving the change in these metrics for 2022 were
increased earnings, improved working capital, partially offset by increased income taxes and net interest paid and, for
the latter metric, increased net capital expenditures compared to 2021.
The Company maintains a rigorous focus on its investment in non-cash working capital. Days of working capital employed
(a non-IFRS measure; see “Key Performance Indicators and Non-IFRS Measures” in Section 5A) was 30 days and 29 days
at December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively. The days working capital employed increased modestly as it
was largely driven by the impact of acquisitions with higher levels of working capital than the average.
Cash used for financing activities in 2022 was $72.6 million, consisting of net drawdowns of long-term debt and lease
obligations of $292.3 million, dividend payments of $170.3 million and repurchase of Class B non-voting shares pursuant
to normal course issuer bids totaling $200.0 million, partly offset by proceeds from the issuance of shares of $5.4 million
due to the exercise of stock options.
Cash used for investing activities in 2022 of $706.6 million was primarily for acquisitions that totaled $287.2 million and
net capital expenditures of $419.4 million.
After the above noted items and the $23.8 million positive effect of foreign currency rates, cash and cash equivalents
increased by $237.4 million in 2022 to $839.5 million.
Capital spending in 2022 amounted to $447.2 million and proceeds from capital dispositions were $27.8 million, resulting
in net capital expenditures of $419.4 million, compared to $306.9 million in 2021. Increased capital expenditures in 2022
were due in part to inflation and to relieve capacity constraints in 2021 plus expected growth initiatives for 2023 and
beyond. Depreciation and amortization in 2022 amounted to $323.2 million, compared to $302.8 million in 2021, excluding
right-of-use asset amortization.
The Company is continuing to seek investment opportunities to expand its business geographically, add capacity in its
facilities and improve its competitiveness. As in previous years, capital spending will be monitored closely and adjusted
based on the level of cash flow generated.

C) Interest Rate, Foreign Exchange Management and Other Hedges
The Company periodically uses derivative financial instruments to hedge interest and foreign exchange rates. The
Company does not utilize derivative financial instruments for speculative purposes.
As the Company operates internationally with slightly over 2.0% of its 2022 sales to end-use customers denominated in
Canadian dollars, it has significant market risk exposure to changes in foreign exchange rates. Each subsidiary’s sales and
expenses are primarily denominated in its local currency, minimizing the foreign exchange impact on the operating results.
The Company also has exposure to market risks related to interest rate fluctuations on its debt. To mitigate this risk, the
Company maintains a combination of fixed and floating rate debt.



                                                                                                        2022 Annual Report      27
M A N A G E M E N T ’ S D I S C U S S I O N A N D A N A LY S I S
Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (Tabular amounts in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share data)




The Company periodically uses interest rate swap agreements to allocate notional debt between fixed and floating rates.
The Company believes that a balance of fixed and floating rate debt can reduce overall interest expense and is in line with
its investment in short-term assets such as working capital, and long-term assets such as property, plant and equipment.
The Company uses cross-currency interest rate swap agreements (“CCIRSA”) as a means to convert U.S. dollar debt into
euro debt to hedge a portion of its euro-based investment and cash flows.
As at December 31, 2022, the Company utilized CCIRSAs to hedge its euro-based assets and cash flows, effectively
converting notional US$264.7 million 3.25% fixed rate debt into 1.23% fixed rate euro debt, US$111.5 million 3.25% fixed
rate debt into 1.16% fixed rate euro debt, US$204.6 million 3.05% fixed rate debt into 2.06% fixed rate euro debt and
US$203.9 million 3.05% fixed rate debt into 2.00% fixed rate euro debt. The effect of the CCIRSAs has been to decrease
finance cost by $16.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 (2021 – $14.0 million).
The Company has potential credit risks arising from derivative financial instruments if a counterparty fails to meet its
obligations. The Company’s counterparties are large international financial institutions and, to date, no such counterparty
has failed to meet its financial obligations to the Company. As at December 31, 2022, the Company had $68.7 million
potential exposure to credit risk arising from derivative financial instruments.
As at December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately US$1.2 billion and €46.0 million drawn under the 144A private
bonds and syndicated revolving credit facility, which are hedging a portion of its U.S. dollar-based and euro-based
investments and cash flows, inclusive of U.S. dollar debt swapped to euros.

D) Equity and Dividends
Summary of Changes in Equity
For the years ended December 31                                                                                         2022            2021
Net earnings                                                                                                      $     622.7    $     599.1
Dividends                                                                                                              (170.3)        (151.0)
Settlement of exercised stock options                                                                                     6.6           61.8
Contributed surplus on expensing of stock options and stock-based compensation plans                                     37.4           17.0
Defined benefit plan actuarial gain net of tax                                                                           45.8           37.1
Repurchase of shares                                                                                                   (200.0)            —
Increase in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)                                                               176.0          (99.2)
Increase in equity                                                                                                $     518.2    $     464.8
Equity                                                                                                            $   4,265.2    $    3,747.0
Shares issued at December 31 – Class A (000s)                                                                          11,815         11,822
                             – Class B (000s)                                                                         165,231        168,362

In 2022, the Company declared dividends of $170.3 million, compared to $151.0 million declared in the prior year. As
previously discussed, the dividend payout ratio in 2022 was 27% (2021 – 25%) of adjusted earnings. After careful review
of the current year results, budgeted cash flow and income for 2023, the Board declared a 10.4% increase in the annual
dividend: an increase of $0.025 per Class B share per quarter, from $0.24 to $0.265 per Class B share per quarter
($1.06 per Class B share annualized).
If cash flow periodically exceeds attractive acquisition opportunities available, the Company may also repurchase its
shares, provided that the repurchase is accretive to earnings per share and it will not materially increase financial leverage
beyond targeted levels.
In May 2022, the Company renewed its share repurchase program under a normal course issuer bid to purchase up to
14.5 million Class B non-voting shares, approximately 8.8% of outstanding Class B non-voting shares of the Company.
During 2022, the Company acquired 3,392,680 of its Class B shares for cancellation at an average price of $58.95 per
share. The excess of the purchase price over the paid-up capital was charged to retained earnings.




28        2022 Annual Report
E)   Commitments and Other Contractual Obligations
The Company’s obligations relating to debt, leases and other liabilities at the end of 2022 were as follows:
                                                                                              December 31, 2022
                             December 31, 2021                                                                Payments Due by Period
                                             Carrying       Carrying   Contractual              0–6          6–12            1–2             2–5         More than
                                             Amount         Amount     Cash Flows            Months        Months           Years           Years          5 Years

Non-derivative financial liabilities
  Secured bank loans                 $     4.8          $       2.0    $       2.0     $       1.8     $     0.1      $     0.1        $      —      $         —
  Unsecured bank
    loans                                 10.1                  4.3            4.3             2.3           0.6             0.5             0.8              0.1
  Unsecured 144A
    3.25% private notes                  627.4               674.2          677.7              —              —              —             677.7               —
  Unsecured 144A 3.05%
    private notes                        750.5               806.4          813.2              —              —              —                —            813.2
  Unsecured 3.864%
    Series 1 Notes                       298.8               298.9          300.0              —              —              —                —            300.0
  Unsecured syndicated
    bank credit facility                   9.5               394.1          396.2               —             —               —            396.2               —
  Other long-term obligations              5.6                 2.3            2.3              1.6           0.2             0.5              —                —
  Interest on unsecured
    bank credit facilities                   *                     *          91.3*          10.8           11.0           22.0             47.5               —
  Interest on 144A 3.25%
    private notes                            *                     *          82.6*            5.5          11.0           22.0             44.1               —
  Interest on 144A 3.05%
    private notes                            *                     *        183.9*           10.3           12.4           24.8             74.4             62.0
  Interest on unsecured 3.864%
    Series 1 Notes                           *                     *          61.3*            3.3           5.8           11.6             34.8              5.8
  Interest on other
    long-term debt                           *                     *           0.3             0.1            —              0.1             0.1               —
  Trade and other
    payables                           1,321.5              1,394.4        1,394.4*        1,394.4            —              —                —                —
Accrued post-employment
  benefit liabilities                        *                   *          228.2*            3.0            3.0           17.2             77.8           127.2
Lease liabilities                        144.6               179.6          186.3            21.5           19.9           31.0             62.8            51.1
Total contractual
 cash obligations                        $ 3,172.8      $ 3,756.2      $ 4,424.0       $ 1,454.6       $    64.0      $ 129.8          $1,416.2      $1,359.4

* Accrued long-term employee benefit and post-employment benefit liability of $15.7 million, accrued interest of $10.3 million on unsecured notes, unsecured
  bonds and unsecured syndicated credit facilities, and accrued interest of $2.4 million on derivatives are reported in trade and other payables in 2022 (2021:
  $13.8 million, $9.6 million and $2.4 million, respectively).


Pension Obligations
The Company sponsors a number of defined benefit plans in countries that give rise to accrued post-employment benefit
obligations. The accrued benefit obligation for these plans at the end of 2022 was $554.4 million (2021 – $782.6 million),
the fair value of the plan assets was $298.6 million (2021 – $468.7 million) and an irrevocable surplus due to an asset ceiling
was $2.1 million (2021 – nil), for a net deficit of $257.9 million (2021 – $313.9 million). Contributions to defined benefit plans
during 2022 were $15.1 million (2021 – $17.3 million). The Company expects to contribute $56.4 million to pension plans
in 2023, inclusive of defined contribution plans. These estimated funding requirements will be adjusted annually, based
on various market factors such as interest rates, expected returns and staffing assumptions, including compensation
and mortality. The Company’s contributions are funded through cash flows generated from operations. Management
anticipates that future cash flows from operations will be sufficient to fund expected future contributions. Details of the
Company’s pension plans and related obligations are set out in note 20, “Employee Benefits,” of the Company’s 2022
annual consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                                                    2022 Annual Report        29
M A N A G E M E N T ’ S D I S C U S S I O N A N D A N A LY S I S
Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (Tabular amounts in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share data)




Other Obligations and Commitments
The Company has provided various loan guarantees for its joint ventures and associates totaling $19.9 million (2021 –
$21.3 million). The Company has posted surety bonds through accredited insurance companies globally totaling
$52.4 million (2021 – $39.7 million). The nature of these commitments is described in note 26 and note 27 of the Company’s
2022 annual consolidated financial statements. There are no defined benefit plans funded with the Company’s stock.

F)   Controls and Procedures
Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that all relevant information is gathered
and reported to senior management, including the President and Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) and the Senior Vice
President and Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”), on a timely basis so that appropriate decisions can be made regarding
public disclosure. The Company’s Disclosure Committee reviews all external reports and documents before publication
to enhance disclosure controls and procedures.
As at December 31, 2022, based on the continued evaluation of the disclosure controls and procedures, the CEO and the
CFO have concluded that the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in National Instrument 52-109,
Certificate of Disclosure in Issuers Annual and Interim Filings (“NI 52-109”), are effective to ensure that information required
to be disclosed in reports and documents that the Company files or submits under Canadian securities legislation is
recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified.
Internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with IFRS. Management is
responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. NI 52-109 requires CEOs
and CFOs to certify that they are responsible for establishing and maintaining internal control over financial reporting for
the issuer, that internal control has been designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with IFRS, that the internal control over financial
reporting is effective, and that the issuer has disclosed any changes in its internal control during its most recent interim
period that has materially affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect its internal control over financial reporting.
In accordance with the provisions of NI 52-109, management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial
Officer, have limited the scope of their design of the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures and internal control
over financial reporting to exclude controls, policies and procedures of Adelbras and Floramedia. These companies were
acquired during the second quarter of 2022.
The total net assets acquired for these acquisitions was $205.4 million, which are reported in the Company’s consolidated
financial statements of financial position for the year ended December 31, 2022, and was approximately 5.0% of
consolidated net assets and less than 3.3% of sales.
The scope limitation is primarily based on the time required to assess disclosure controls and procedures and internal
control over financial reporting in a manner consistent with the Company’s other operations for these acquisitions. The
assessment on the design effectiveness of disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting
is on track for completion by the end of the second quarter of 2023 and the assessment of the operating effectiveness
will be completed by the fourth quarter of 2023.
Except for the preceding changes, based on the evaluation of the design and operating effectiveness of the Company’s
internal control over financial reporting, the CEO and the CFO concluded that the Company’s internal control over financial
reporting was effective as at December 31, 2022.
There were no material changes in internal control over financial reporting in the financial year ended December 31, 2022.




30       2022 Annual Report
4 . R I S KS A N D U N C E R TA I N T I E S

The Company is subject to the usual commercial risks and uncertainties from operating as a Canadian public company
and as a supplier of goods and services to the non-durable consumer packaging and consumer durables industries on a
global basis. A number of these potential risks and uncertainties that could have a material adverse effect on the business,
financial condition and results of operations of the Company are, in no particular order, as follows:

The Conflict between Ukraine and Russia
Late in February of 2022 the conflict between Ukraine and Russia commenced and to the extent it continues or escalates
it may impact other risks disclosed in this document and further impact the Company’s financial results.
For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, a de minimis percentage of the Company’s sales were derived directly
from customers based in Russia and Ukraine. However, the Company has a 50% equity interest in a U.K. holding company
that owns 100% of CCL Kontur, which operates four label plants, headquartered in Podolsk, Russia. The Company’s 50%
equity partner in this joint venture has management control of the Russian operations. The Company suspended all future
financial support by way of equity injection or additional debt financing to this joint venture while fully complying with all
government-imposed trade sanctions. The Company’s financial exposure in this joint venture is approximately $61.6 million
as at December 31, 2022. It is not possible at this time to predict the ultimate consequences of the conflict in Ukraine
and the impact on the carrying value of the Company’s investment in this joint venture. The Company will monitor the
factors influencing the carrying value of its investment and, if appropriate, may incur impairment charges. The conflict
in Ukraine may escalate and/or expand in scope with broader consequences, including further sanctions, embargoes,
regional instability, cyber events and geopolitical shifts; potential retaliatory action by the Russian government against
the Company and the Company’s joint venture or its customers, such as nationalization of foreign businesses in Russia;
and increased tensions between the western world and countries in which the Company operates, none of which can
be predicted. The Company also cannot predict the conflict’s impact on the global economy and on its business and
financial statements.

Covid-19 Pandemic
In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared a global pandemic related to CV19. The impacts on global commerce
have been and are anticipated to continue to be far-reaching. CV19 has resulted in unprecedented governmental actions
in multiple jurisdictions, including the closure of workplaces determined to be non-essential, the imposition of new
health and monitoring requirements and the imposition of restrictions on the international, national and local movement
of people and some goods. There have been significant disruptions to business operations, supply chains and customer
activity and demand; service cancellations, reductions and other changes; the imposition of quarantines and curfews; as
well as considerable general concern and uncertainty. There has been significant stock market volatility and significant
volatility in foreign exchange and commodity markets. While CV19-related governmental and public health imposed
restrictions were partially relaxed in a number of jurisdictions, renewed, and in some instances, heightened restrictions
have since been imposed or are contemplated in multiple jurisdictions. While the Company’s operations have been
determined by most jurisdictions to be essential businesses and have continued to operate throughout the pandemic
with limited disruptions, there can be no assurance that this will continue to be the case throughout the duration of the
CV19 pandemic or that such plants will operate at pre-pandemic staffing and production levels. CV19 continues to have
varying impacts by geography and sector on the Company’s employees, suppliers and customers and on the demand for
the respective products that the Company and its customers produce. While the introduction, beginning in late 2020, of
vaccines designed to offer protection against CV19 offers the possibility of a reduction in the duration of the pandemic,
the time needed for widespread availability and distribution of such vaccines, their duration and efficacy against the
emergence and spread of new strains of CV19, as well as the levels of public participation in inoculation programs, remain
uncertain. The duration of the pandemic and its impact on the Company’s financial performance and position is an area
of estimation uncertainty and judgment, which is continuously monitored and reflected in management’s estimates.
The impacts of the CV19 pandemic that may have an effect on the Company include: a change in short-term and/or long-
term demand and/or pricing for the Company’s products; reductions in production levels; increased costs resulting from
the Company’s efforts to mitigate the impact of CV19; deterioration of worldwide credit and financial markets that could
limit the Company’s ability to obtain external financing to fund operations and capital expenditures, and result in a higher
rate of losses on accounts receivable due to counterparty credit defaults; disruptions to supply chains; impairments
and/or write-downs of assets; restrictions on movement of workforce; reductions in the labour force; the closure of
workplaces; and adverse impacts on the Company’s information technology systems and internal control systems as
a result of the need to maintain remote work arrangements. A material adverse effect on the Company’s employees,
customers and/or suppliers could have a material adverse effect on the Company.




                                                                                                      2022 Annual Report   31
M A N A G E M E N T ’ S D I S C U S S I O N A N D A N A LY S I S
Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (Tabular amounts in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share data)




Significant uncertainty remains with respect to the future impact of CV19 on the Company’s businesses. As a result,
the Company’s expected financial results for 2023 and beyond may be negatively impacted by continued CV19-related
disruptions. The Company cannot currently estimate the severity of any such impact, which may be material. The overall
severity and duration of CV19-related adverse impacts on the Company’s businesses will depend on future developments
that cannot currently be predicted, including directives of governmental and public health authorities, the extent and
duration of governmental assistance for individuals and businesses adversely affected by CV19, the effectiveness of
inoculation programs, the extent to which suppliers and customers are impacted by renewed operating restrictions and
closures and the speed at which they are able to return to normalized production levels, the level of consumer demand,
the status of labour availability and the ability to staff the Company’s operations and facilities. Even after CV19 outbreaks
have subsided, the Company may continue to experience material adverse impacts to its businesses as a result of CV19’s
global economic impact, including any related recession.

Raw Materials Component Parts and Inflation
Although the Company is a large customer to certain key suppliers, it is also an inconsequential buyer of some materials
and components such as computer chips. The ability to grow earnings will be affected by inflationary and other increases
in the cost of electronic sub-assemblies and raw materials, aluminum ingot, slugs and foils, resins, extruded films, pressure
sensitive laminates, paper, binder rings and plastic components. Inflationary and other increases in the costs of raw
materials, labour and energy have occurred in the past and are expected to reoccur, and the Company’s performance
depends in part on its ability to pass these cost increases on to customers in the price of its products and to effect
improvements in productivity. The Company may not be able to fully offset the effects of raw material costs and other
sourced components through price increases, productivity improvements or cost-reduction programs. If the Company
cannot obtain sufficient quantities of these items at competitive prices, of appropriate quality and on a timely basis, it
may not be able to produce sufficient quantities of product to satisfy market demand, product shipments may be delayed,
or its material or manufacturing costs may increase. Innovia is sensitive to price movements in polypropylene resin used
in its BOPP films for label, packaging and security applications. Polypropylene is the most significant input cost and is
traded in the market, with prices linked to the market price of natural gas and refining capacity. Price movements must
be managed and, where necessary, passed along to the Segment’s customers. Failure to pass along higher costs in a
timely and effective manner to its customers could have a material adverse effect on the Innovia Segment’s business
and profitability. Checkpoint’s supply chain relies significantly on components sourced from factories in Asia; therefore,
supply disruption and tariff changes could adversely affect sales and profitability. Avery’s U.S. supply chain relies almost
completely on its plant in Tijuana, Mexico; supply disruption, changes to border controls or the failure to implement the
provisions of the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement on trade could adversely affect sales and profitability. Overall,
any of these problems could result in the loss of customers and revenue, provide an opportunity for competing products
to gain market acceptance and have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition and results
of operations.

Potential Risks Relating to Significant Operations in Foreign Countries
The Company operates plants in North America, Europe, Latin America, Africa, Asia, Australia and the Middle East. Sales
to customers located outside of Canada in 2022 were approximately 98% of the Company’s total sales, a level similar to
that in 2021. Non-Canadian operating results are translated into Canadian dollars at the average exchange rate for the
period covered. The Company has significant operating bases in both the United States and Europe. In 2022, 40.2% and
29.4% of total sales were to customers in the United States and Europe, respectively. The Company’s operating results
and cash flows could be negatively impacted by slower or declining growth rates in these key markets. The sales from
business units in Latin America, Asia, Africa and Australia in 2022 were 28.0% of the Company’s total sales. In addition,
the Company has equity accounted investments in Russia and the Middle East. There are risks associated with operating
a decentralized organization in 205 manufacturing facilities in 43 countries around the world with a variety of different
cultures and values. Operations outside of Canada, the United States and Europe are perceived generally to have greater
political and economic risks and include the Company’s operations in Latin America, parts of Asia, Russia and the Middle
East. These risks include, but are not limited to, fluctuations in currency exchange rates, inflation, changes in foreign law
and regulations, military conflicts, government nationalization of certain industries, currency controls, potential adverse
tax consequences and locally accepted business practices and standards that may not be similar to accepted business
practices and standards in North America and Europe. Although the Company has controls and procedures intended to
mitigate these risks, these risks cannot be entirely eliminated and may have a material adverse effect on the consolidated
financial results of the Company.




32       2022 Annual Report
Impairment in the Carrying Value of Goodwill and Indefinite-Life Intangible Assets
As of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately $2.6 billion of goodwill and indefinite-life intangible assets
on its consolidated statement of financial position, the value of which is reviewed for impairment at least annually. The
assessment of the value of goodwill and intangible assets depends on a number of key factors requiring estimates and
assumptions about earnings growth, operating margins, discount rates, economic projections, anticipated future cash
flows and market capitalization. For Innovia the estimated value in use was close to the carrying value, therefore, any
adverse movement in key assumptions, including discount rates, could potentially lead to impairment. There can be no
assurance that future reviews of goodwill and intangible assets will not result in an impairment charge. Although it does
not affect cash flow, an impairment charge does have the effect of reducing the Company’s earnings, total assets and
equity.

Competitive Environment
The Company faces competition from other suppliers in all the markets in which it operates. There can be no assurance
that the Company will be able to compete successfully against its current or future competitors or that such competition
will not have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Company. This
competitive environment may preclude the Company from passing on higher material, labour and energy costs to its
customers. Any significant increase in in-house manufacturing by customers of the Company could adversely affect the
business, financial condition and results of operations of the Company. In addition, the Company’s consolidated financial
results may be negatively impacted by competitors developing new products or processes that are of superior quality to
those of the Company or that fit the Company’s customers’ needs better, or have lower costs; or by consolidation within
the Company’s competitors or by further pricing pressure being placed on the industry by the large retail chains.

Foreign Exchange Exposure and Hedging Activities
Sales of the Company’s products to customers outside Canada account for approximately 98% of the revenue of the
Company. Because the prices for such products are quoted in foreign currencies, any increase in the value of the Canadian
dollar relative to such currencies, in particular the U.S. dollar and the euro, reduces the amount of Canadian dollar revenues
and operating income reported by the Company in its consolidated financial statements. The Company also buys inputs
for its products in world markets in several currencies. Exchange rate fluctuations are beyond the Company’s control and
there can be no assurance that such fluctuations will not have a material adverse effect on the reported results of the
Company. The use of derivatives to provide hedges of certain exposures, such as interest rate swaps, forward foreign
exchange contracts and aluminum futures contracts, could impact negatively on the Company’s operations.

Retention of Key Personnel and Experienced Workforce
Management believes that an important competitive advantage of the Company has been, and will continue to be, the
know-how and expertise possessed by its personnel at all levels of the Company. While the machinery and equipment used
by the Company are generally available to competitors of the Company, the experience and training of the Company’s
workforce allows the Company to obtain a level of efficiency and a level of flexibility that management believes to be high
relative to levels in the industries in which it competes. To date, the Company has been successful in recruiting, training
and retaining its personnel over the long term, and while management believes that the know-how of the Company is
widely distributed throughout the Company, the loss of the services of certain of its experienced personnel could have a
material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Company.
The operations of the Company are dependent on the abilities, experience and efforts of its senior management team.
To date, the Company has been successful in recruiting and retaining competent senior management. Loss of certain
members of the executive team of the Company could have a disruptive effect on the implementation of the Company’s
business strategy and the efficient running of day-to-day operations. This could have a material adverse effect on the
business, financial condition and results of operations of the Company.




                                                                                                      2022 Annual Report   33
M A N A G E M E N T ’ S D I S C U S S I O N A N D A N A LY S I S
Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (Tabular amounts in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share data)




Acquired Businesses
As part of its growth strategy, the Company continues to pursue acquisition opportunities where such transactions are
economically and strategically justified. However, there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to identify
attractive acquisition opportunities in the future or have the required resources to complete desired acquisitions, or that
it will succeed in effectively managing the integration of acquired businesses. The failure to implement the acquisition
strategy, to successfully integrate acquired businesses or joint ventures into the Company’s structure, or to control
operating performance and achieve synergies may have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and
results of operations of the Company.
In addition, there may be liabilities that the Company has failed or was unable to discover in its due diligence prior to the
consummation of the acquisition. In particular, to the extent that prior owners of acquired businesses failed to comply
with or otherwise violated applicable laws, including environmental laws, the Company, as a successor owner, may be
financially responsible for these violations. A discovery of any material liabilities could have a material adverse effect on
the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Long-Term Growth Strategy
The Company has experienced significant and steady growth over the last decade. The Company’s organic growth
initiatives coupled with its international acquisitions over the last number of years can place a strain on a number of
aspects of its operating platform including human infrastructure, operational capacity and information systems. The
Company’s ability to continually adapt and augment all aspects of its operational platform is critical to realizing its long-
term growth strategy. Another key aspect to the Company’s growth strategy includes increased development of the
Company’s presence in emerging markets that could create exposure to unstable political conditions, economic volatility
and social challenges. If the Company cannot adjust to its anticipated growth, results of operations may be materially
adversely affected.

Lower than Anticipated Demand
Although Checkpoint enjoys the advantage of significantly lower customer concentration than the rest of the Company,
it remains heavily dependent on the retail marketplace. Changes in the economic environment including the liquidity and
financial condition of its customers, the impact of online customer spending or reductions in retailer spending and new
store openings could adversely affect sales. A reduction in the commitment for chain-wide installations due to decreased
consumer spending that results in reduced demand for loss prevention by retail customers or failure to develop new
technology that entices the customer to maintain its commitment to Checkpoint’s loss prevention products and services
may also have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations.

Exposure to Income Tax Reassessments
The Company operates in many countries throughout the world. Each country has its own income tax regulations and
many of these countries have additional income and other taxes applied at state, provincial and local levels. The Company’s
international investments are complex and subject to interpretation in each jurisdiction from a legal and tax perspective.
The Company’s tax filings are subject to audit by local authorities, and the Company’s positions in these tax filings may
be challenged. The Company may not be successful in defending these positions and could be involved in lengthy and
costly litigation during this process and could be subject to additional income taxes, interest and penalties. This outcome
could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Realization of Deferred Tax Assets
The Company needs to generate sufficient taxable income in future periods in certain foreign and domestic tax jurisdictions
to realize the tax benefit. If there is a significant change in the time period within which the underlying temporary difference
or loss carry-forwards become taxable or deductible, the Company may have to revise its unrecognized deferred tax
assets. This could result in an increase in the effective tax rate and could have a material adverse effect on future results.
Changes in statutory tax rate may change the deferred tax asset or liability, with either a positive or a negative impact on
the effective tax rate. The computation and assessment of the ability to realize the deferred tax asset balance is complex
and requires significant judgment. New legislation or a change in underlying assumptions may have a material adverse
effect on the business, financial condition and results of the Company.




34       2022 Annual Report
Fluctuations in Operating Results
While the Company’s operating results over the past several years have indicated a general upward trend in sales and net
earnings, operating results within particular product forms, within particular facilities of the Company and within particular
geographic markets have undergone fluctuations in the past and, in management’s view, are likely to do so in the future.
Operating results may fluctuate in the future as a result of many factors in addition to the global economic conditions,
and these factors include the volume of orders received relative to the manufacturing capacity of the Company, the level
of price competition (from competing suppliers both in domestic and in other lower-cost jurisdictions), variations in the
level and timing of orders, the cost of raw materials and energy, the ability to develop innovative solutions and the mix of
revenue derived in each of the Company’s businesses. Operating results may also be impacted by the inability to achieve
planned volumes through normal growth and successful renegotiation of current contracts with customers and by the
inability to deliver expected benefits from cost-reduction programs derived from the restructuring of certain business
units. Any of these factors or a combination of these factors could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial
condition and results of operations of the Company.

Insurance Coverage
Management believes that insurance coverage of the Company’s facilities addresses all material insurable risks, provides
coverage that is similar to that which would be maintained by a prudent owner/operator of similar facilities and is
subject to deductibles, limits and exclusions that are customary or reasonable given the cost of procuring insurance and
current operating conditions. However, there can be no assurance that such insurance will continue to be offered on an
economically feasible basis or at current premium levels, that the Company will be able to pass through any increased
premium costs, or that all events that could give rise to a loss or liability are insurable, or that the amounts of insurance
will at all times be sufficient to cover each and every loss or claim that may occur involving the assets or operations of
the Company.

Catastrophic Events
Natural disasters, such as earthquakes, tsunamis, floods or wildfires, public health crises, such as epidemics and
pandemics, political instability, acts of terrorism, war or other conflicts and other events outside of the Company’s control,
may adversely impact its business and operating results. In addition to the direct impact that such events could have on
the Company’s facilities and workforce, these types of events could negatively impact consumer spending in the impacted
regions or, depending on the severity, globally, which would impact the Company’s customers and in turn impact demand
for its products.

Dependence on Customers
The Company has a modest dependence on certain customers. The Company’s two largest customers combined
accounted for approximately 6.8% (2021 – 8.1%) of the consolidated revenue for the fiscal year 2022. The five largest
customers of the Company represented approximately 13.8% (2021 – 15.2%) of the total revenue for 2022 and the 25 largest
customers represented approximately 34.6% (2021 – 35.8%) of the total revenue. Several thousand customers make up
the remainder of total revenue. Although the Company has strong partnership relationships with its customers, there
can be no assurance that the Company will maintain its relationship with any particular customer or continue to provide
services to any particular customer at current levels. A loss of any significant customer, or a decrease in the sales to any
such customer, could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. Consolidation within the consumer products market base and office retail superstores could have a negative
impact on the Company’s business, depending on the nature and scope of any such consolidation.

Environmental, Health and Safety Requirements and Other Considerations
The Company is subject to numerous federal, provincial, state and municipal statutes, regulations, by-laws, guidelines
and policies, as well as permits and other approvals related to the protection of the environment and workers’ health
and safety. The Company maintains active health and safety and environmental programs for the purpose of preventing
injuries to employees and pollution incidents at its manufacturing sites. The Company also carries out a program of
environmental compliance audits, including an independent third-party pollution liability assessment for acquisitions, to
assess the adequacy of compliance at the operating level and to establish provisions, as required, for environmental site
remediation plans. The Company has environmental insurance for most of its operating sites, with certain exclusions for
historical matters.




                                                                                                      2022 Annual Report   35
M A N A G E M E N T ’ S D I S C U S S I O N A N D A N A LY S I S
Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (Tabular amounts in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share data)




Despite these programs and insurance coverage, further proceedings or inquiries from regulators on employee health and
safety requirements, particularly in Canada, the United States and the European Economic Community (collectively, the
“EHS Requirements”), could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations of
the Company. In addition, changes to existing EHS Requirements, the adoption of new EHS Requirements in the future, or
changes to the enforcement of EHS Requirements, as well as the discovery of additional or unknown conditions at facilities
owned, operated or used by the Company, could require expenditures that might materially affect the business, financial
condition and results of operations of the Company to the extent not covered by indemnity, insurance or covenant not
to sue. Furthermore, while the Company has generally benefited from increased regulations on its customers’ products,
the demand for the services or products of the Company may be adversely affected by the amendment or repeal of laws
or by changes to the enforcement policies of the regulatory agencies concerning such laws.

Operating and Product Hazards
The Company’s revenues are dependent on the continued operation of its facilities and its customers. The operation
of manufacturing plants involves many risks, including the failure or substandard performance of equipment, natural
disasters, suspension of operations and new governmental statutes, regulations, guidelines and policies. The total loss
of certain of the Company’s manufacturing plants could have a significant financial impact on the affected business
segment, particularly where the plant represents a single or significant source of supply. The operations of the Company
and its customers are also subject to various hazards incidental to the production, use, handling, processing, storage
and transportation of certain hazardous materials. These hazards can cause personal injury, severe damage to and
destruction of property and equipment and environmental damage. Furthermore, the Company may become subject to
claims with respect to workplace exposure, workers’ compensation and other matters. The Company’s pharmaceutical
and specialty food product operations are subject to stringent federal, state, provincial and local health, food and drug
regulations and controls, and may be impacted by consumer product liability claims and the possible unavailability
and/or expense of liability insurance. The Company prints information on its labels and containers that, if incorrect,
could give rise to product liability claims. A determination by applicable regulatory authorities that any of the Company’s
facilities are not in compliance with any such regulations or controls in any material respect may have a material adverse
effect on the Company. A successful product liability claim (or a series of claims) against the Company in excess of its
insurance coverage could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations of
the Company. There can be no assurance as to the actual amount of these liabilities or the timing thereof. The occurrence
of material operational problems, including, but not limited to, the above events, could have a material adverse effect on
the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

The Timing and Volume of New Banknote Orders
The CCL Secure banknote substrate operation is dependent on government procurement decisions and the volume and
timing of new or replacement banknote orders is often uncertain. These decisions can be influenced by many political
factors that could delay or reduce the volume of banknote orders. The impact of new large volume banknote orders may
result in the Company having to invest in material capital projects to support government procurement decisions. As a
result, volatility may be created in the cash flows and in the financial results of the CCL Secure operations, which could
have a material adverse effect on the financial condition of the Company.

Product Security
CCL Secure’s banknote substrate business is involved in high security applications and must maintain highly secured
facilities and product shipments. CCL Secure maintains vigorous security and material control procedures. All employees,
guests and third-party contractors with access to facilities and products are prudently screened and monitored. However,
the loss of a product, counterfeiting of a high security feature or the breach of a secured facility as a result of negligence,
collusion or theft is possible. Loss of product whilst in transit, particularly during transshipment, through the failure of
freight management companies or the loss of the shipment vehicle by accident or act of God is possible. Consequently,
the financial damage and potential reputational impairment on CCL Secure may have a material adverse effect on the
Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations.




36       2022 Annual Report
Financial Reporting
The Company prepares its financial reports in accordance with accounting policies and methods prescribed by IFRS.
In the preparation of financial reports, management may need to rely upon assumptions, make estimates or use their
best judgment in determining the financial condition of the Company. Significant accounting policies are described in
more detail in the notes to the Company’s annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31,
2022. In order to have a reasonable level of assurance that financial transactions are properly authorized, assets are
safeguarded against unauthorized or improper use and transactions are properly recorded and reported, the Company
has implemented and continues to analyze its internal control systems for financial reporting. Although the Company
believes that its financial reporting and financial statements are prepared with reasonable safeguards to ensure reliability,
the Company cannot provide absolute assurance in that regard.

Compliance with Anti-Bribery and Export Laws
Due to the Company’s global operations, the Company is subject to many laws governing international relations, including
those that prohibit improper payments to government officials and commercial customers, and which may restrict where
the Company can do business, what information or products the Company can supply to certain countries and what
information the Company can provide to foreign governments, including but not limited to the Canadian Corruption of
Foreign Public Officials Act (“CFPOA”), the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (“FCPA”), the U.K. Bribery Act and the U.S.
Export Administration Act. The Company’s policies mandate compliance with these anti-bribery laws. The Company
operates in many parts of the world that have experienced governmental corruption to some degree and, in certain
circumstances, strict compliance with anti-bribery laws may conflict with local customs and practices. Given the high
level of complexity of these laws, there is a risk that some provisions may be inadvertently or intentionally breached, for
example, through fraudulent or negligent behavior of individual employees, the Company’s failure to comply with certain
formal documentation requirements or otherwise. Additionally, the Company may be held liable for actions taken by local
dealers and partners. If the Company is found to be liable for CFPOA, FCPA or other violations (either due to the Company’s
own acts or through inadvertence, or due to the acts or inadvertence of others), the Company could suffer from civil and
criminal penalties or other sanctions, which could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s business, financial
condition, and results of operations.

New Product Developments
Markets are continually evolving based on the ingenuity of the Company and its competitors, consumer preferences
and new product identification and information technologies. In particular, customers and consumers are seeking more
sustainable product offerings using recyclable components and enabling circularity in product use. To the extent that
any such new developments result in a decrease in the use of any of the Company’s products, a material adverse effect
on the financial condition and results of operations could occur.
Checkpoint’s ability to create new products and to sustain existing products is affected by whether the Company can
develop and fund technological innovations, such as those related to the next generation of product solutions, evolving
RFID technologies, and other innovative security devices, software and systems initiatives. The failure to develop and
launch successful new products could have a material adverse effect on Checkpoint’s business, financial condition and
results of operations.
Although Innovia has a unique manufacturing process for a portion of its BOPP product line and CCL Secure is the leading
manufacturer of polymer banknote substrate, the Company depends on its ability to constantly evolve the technological
capabilities of its products to meet the demands of its customer base. New scientific advancements in polymer film
manufacturing could curtail the use of Innovia’s BOPP, while the advancement of e-commerce and cashless societies
may outmode the need for polymer banknotes. Innovia’s investment in its new hybrid polyolefin film facility in Poland and
new thin gauge film facility in Germany, all to support sustainability ambitions of its customers. It may take time for these
operations to become profitable and there can be no assurances of success. Failure to invest in intellectual properties
and perpetually innovate may result in lower demand for films and banknote substrate and could have a material adverse
effect on the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations.

Labour Relations
While labour relations between the Company and its employees have been stable in the recent past and there have been
no material disruptions in operations as a result of labour disputes, the maintenance of a productive and efficient labour
environment cannot be assured. Accordingly, a strike, lockout or deterioration of labour relationships could have a material
adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Company.




                                                                                                     2022 Annual Report   37
M A N A G E M E N T ’ S D I S C U S S I O N A N D A N A LY S I S
Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (Tabular amounts in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share data)




Legal and Regulatory Proceedings
Any alleged failure by the Company to comply with applicable laws and regulations in the countries of operation may lead
to the imposition of fines and penalties or the denial, revocation or delay in the renewal of permits and licenses issued by
governmental authorities or litigation. In addition, governmental authorities, as well as third parties, may claim that the
Company is liable for environmental remediation or damages. A significant judgment against the Company, the loss of a
significant permit or other approval or the imposition of a significant fine or penalty could have a material adverse effect
on the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Company.
Moreover, the Company may from time to time be notified of claims that it may be infringing patents, copyrights or other
intellectual property rights owned by other third parties. Any litigation could result in substantial costs and diversion of
resources, and could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. In the future, third parties may assert infringement claims against the Company or its customers. In the event of
an infringement claim, the Company may be required to spend a significant amount of money to develop a non-infringing
alternative or to obtain licenses. The Company may not be successful in developing such an alternative or obtaining a
license on reasonable terms, if at all. In addition, any such litigation could be lengthy and costly and could have a material
adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Company.
The Company may also be subject to claims arising from its failure to manufacture a product to the specifications of
its customers or from personal injury arising from a consumer’s use of a product or component manufactured by the
Company. While the Company will seek indemnity from its customers for claims made against the Company by consumers,
and while the Company maintains what management believes to be appropriate levels of insurance to respond to such
claims, there can be no assurance that the Company will be fully indemnified by its customers or that insurance coverage
will continue to be available or, if available, will be adequate to cover all costs arising from such claims. In addition, the
Company could become subject to claims relating to its prior or acquired businesses, including environmental and tax
matters, or claims by third parties, such as distributors or agents. There can be no assurance that insurance coverage will
be adequate to cover all costs arising from such claims.
Specifically, in the first quarter of 2019, a hearing on a jurisdictional issue was heard in respect of a lawsuit launched in
2011 by Benoy Berry and a company controlled by him, Global Secure Currency Ltd. (collectively “Berry”), in Nigerian
Federal Court against CCL Secure Pty Ltd. (formerly Innovia Security Pty Ltd.) (“ISPL”), and Innovia Films Ltd. (collectively
“IFL”), as well as other defendants not affiliated with ISPL. The court denied IFL’s motion to dismiss the lawsuit on the
jurisdictional issue. IFL is appealing that decision to the highest appeals court in Nigeria. The lawsuit alleges that IFL
and the co-defendants committed to build a banknote substrate plant in Nigeria and Berry seeks an order requiring IFL
and the co-defendants to build the plant or in lieu thereof, grant an award of total damages in the amount of €1.5 billion
($2.2 billion). IFL intends to vigorously defend this claim, which the Company considers to be without merit and accordingly,
the Company has made no provision for the matter.

Defined Benefit Post-Employment Plans
The Company is the sponsor of a number of defined benefit plans in thirteen countries that give rise to accrued post-
employment benefit obligations. Although the Company believes that its current financial resources combined with its
expected future cash flows from operations and returns on post-employment plan assets will be sufficient to satisfy the
obligations under these plans in future years, the cash outflow and higher expenses associated with these plans may be
higher than expected and may have a material adverse impact on the financial condition of the Company.

Breach of Legal and Regulatory Requirements
CCL Secure’s banknote substrate operation has the highest accreditation within the security printing industry. This
accreditation provides governments and central banks with assurance in respect of safeguarding high ethical standards
and business practices. Violation of CCL Secure’s highly strict requirements and constant detailed oversight in relation to
bribery, corruption and anti-competitive activities remains a risk in an industry expecting the highest ethical standards.
Consequently, the financial damage and potential reputational impairment on CCL Secure that could arise if the standards
and practices are compromised, or perceived to have been compromised, may have a material adverse effect on the
Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations.




38       2022 Annual Report
Material Disruption of Information Technology Systems
The Company is increasingly dependent on information technology (“IT”) systems to manufacture its products, process
transactions, respond to customer questions, manage inventory, purchase, sell and ship goods on a timely basis and
maintain cost-efficient operations, as well as maintain its e-commerce websites. Any material disruption or slowdown of
the systems, including a disruption or slowdown caused by the Company’s failure to successfully upgrade its systems,
system failures, viruses or other causes, could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and
results of operations of the Company. If changes in technology cause the Company’s information systems to become
obsolete or if information systems are inadequate to handle growth, the Company could incur losses and costs due to
interruption of its operations.
The Company maintains information within its IT networks and on the cloud to operate its business, as well as confidential
personal employee and customer information. The secure maintenance of this information is critical to the Company’s
operations and reputation. The Company invests in hardware and software to prevent the risk of intrusion, tampering and
theft. Any such unauthorized breach of the IT infrastructure could compromise the data maintained, which could cause
the corruption or exposure of confidential or proprietary information, a significant disruption in operations, the loss or
theft of critical data and financial resources and meaningful harm to the Company’s reputation, any of which could result
in a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations.

Credit Ratings
The credit ratings currently assigned to the Company by Moody’s and S&P, or that may in the future be assigned by
other rating agencies, are subject to amendment in accordance with each agency’s rating methodology and subjective
modifiers driving the credit rating opinion. There is no assurance that any rating assigned to the Company will remain in
effect for any given period of time or that any rating will not be revised or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency in the
future. A downgrade in the credit rating assigned by one or more rating agencies could increase the Company’s cost of
borrowing or impact the Company’s ability to renegotiate debt, and may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s
financial condition and profitability.

Share Price Volatility
Changes in the Company’s stock price may affect access to, or cost of, financing from capital markets and may affect stock-
based compensation arrangements. The Company’s stock price has appreciated significantly over the last ten years and
is influenced by the financial results of the Company, changes in the overall stock market, demand for equity securities,
relative peer group performance, market expectation of future financial performance and competitive dynamics among
many other things. There is no assurance that the Company’s share price will not be volatile in the future.

Protection of Intellectual Property
Certain of the Company’s products involve complex technology and chemistry and the Company relies on maintaining
protection of this intellectual property and proprietary information to maintain a competitive advantage. The infringement,
expiration or other loss of these patents and other proprietary information would reduce the barriers to entry into
the Company’s existing lines of business and may result in loss of market share and a decrease in the Company’s
competitiveness, which could have an adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows. There also can be no assurance that the patents previously obtained or to be obtained by the Company in the
future will provide adequate protection of such intellectual property or adequately maintain any competitive advantage.

Dividends
The declaration and payment of dividends is subject to the discretion of the Board of Directors taking into account current
and anticipated cash flow, capital requirements, the general financial condition of the Company and global economy as
well as the various risk factors set out above. The Board of Directors intends to pay a consistent dividend with consistent
increases over time. However, the Board of Directors may in certain circumstances determine that it is in the best interests
of the Company to reduce or suspend the dividend. In that situation, the trading price of the Company’s Class A and
Class B shares may be materially affected.




                                                                                                    2022 Annual Report   39
M A N A G E M E N T ’ S D I S C U S S I O N A N D A N A LY S I S
Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (Tabular amounts in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share data)




Climate Change
Event risks caused by global climate change, including the frequency and severity of weather-related events, could
damage the Company’s facilities, disrupt operations, impact revenues and cash flow, and create financial risk. These could
result in substantial costs for emergency response efforts during the event, reinstatement of regular business operations
and repair or replacement of premises and equipment. The potential impact or financial consequence of such events
is highly uncertain. The Company’s operations are spread over more than 205 locations around the world and therefore
subject to varying climate change event risks.
Global climate change also gives rise to other risks to the Company’s business and operations, including increased
regulation and market shifts in supply and demand, which are also difficult to predict. Many countries in which the
Company carries on business are at differing stages of developing policy and regulations regarding carbon emissions and
other environmental impacts, which could significantly affect the Company’s business, create financial obligations and
increase operating costs. Increased public awareness of climate change may impact consumer demand for the Company’s
customers’ products. The Company’s failure to innovate more sustainable or circular economy products could have a
material adverse effect on its financial condition and profitability.
The Company’s failure to implement environmental, social and governance targets and initiatives, or to achieve its
sustainability targets could have a material adverse impact on its financial condition and profitability.


5.   AC C O U N T I N G P O L I C I E S A N D N O N - I F R S M E A S U R E S


A) Key Performance Indicators and Non-IFRS Measures
The Company measures the success of the business using a number of key performance indicators, many of which are in
accordance with IFRS as described throughout this report. The following performance indicators are not measurements
in accordance with IFRS and should not be considered as an alternative to or replacement of net earnings or any other
measure of performance under IFRS. These non-IFRS measures do not have any standardized meaning and may not be
comparable to similar measures presented by other issuers. These additional measures are used to provide added insight
into the Company’s results and are concepts often seen in external analysts’ research reports, in financial covenants
in banking agreements and note agreements, in purchase and sales contracts on acquisitions and divestitures of the
business, and in discussions and reports to and from the Company’s shareholders and the investment community. These
non-IFRS measures will be found throughout this report and are referenced alphabetically in the definition section below.
Adjusted Basic Earnings per Class B Share – An important non-IFRS measure to assist in understanding the ongoing
earnings performance of the Company, excluding items of a one-time or non-recurring nature. It is not considered a
substitute for basic net earnings per Class B share, but it does provide additional insight into the ongoing financial
results of the Company. This non-IFRS measure is defined as basic net earnings per Class B share, excluding gains on
dispositions, goodwill impairment loss, non-cash acquisition accounting adjustments, restructuring and other items and
tax adjustments.

Earnings per Class B Share
                                                                                        Three Months Ended                   Twelve Months Ended
                                                                                               December 31                           December 31

                                                                               2022                 2021              2022                2021
Basic earnings                                                        $         0.82       $         0.80         $   3.50      $          3.33
Net loss from restructuring and other items                                     0.01                 0.01             0.05                 0.02
New U.K. tax legislation                                                          —                    —                —                  0.02
Non-cash acquisition accounting adjustment
 related to inventory                                                             —                    —              0.02                   —
Adjusted basic earnings                                               $         0.83       $         0.81         $   3.57      $          3.37

Adjusted EBITDA – A critical financial measure used extensively in the packaging industry and other industries to assist
in understanding and measuring operating results. It is also considered as a proxy for cash flow and a facilitator for
business valuations. This non-IFRS measure is defined as earnings before net finance cost, income taxes, depreciation
and amortization, goodwill impairment loss, earnings in equity accounted investments, non-cash acquisition accounting
adjustments, restructuring and other items. The Company believes that Adjusted EBITDA is an important measure as
it allows the assessment of the Company’s ongoing business without the impact of net finance cost, depreciation and
amortization and income tax expenses, as well as non-operating factors and unusual items. As a proxy for cash flow, it is


40       2022 Annual Report
intended to indicate the Company’s ability to incur or service debt and to invest in property, plant and equipment, and it
may allow comparison of the Company’s business to that of its peers and competitors who may have different capital or
organizational structures. Adjusted EBITDA is a measure tracked by financial analysts and investors to evaluate financial
performance and is a key metric in business valuations. Adjusted EBITDA is considered an important measure by lenders
to the Company and is included in the financial covenants for the Company’s bank lines of credit.
The following table reconciles Adjusted EBITDA measures to IFRS measures reported in the annual consolidated income
statements for the periods ended as indicated.

Adjusted EBITDA
                                                                         Three Months Ended                   Twelve Months Ended
                                                                                December 31                           December 31

                                                                 2022                2021            2022                   2021
Net earnings                                             $      145.2      $        145.1     $     622.7        $         599.1
Corporate expense                                                17.5                18.2            71.8                   60.6
Earnings in equity-accounted investments                         (9.0)               (4.8)          (19.9)                 (11.2)
Finance cost, net                                                17.6                13.9            64.8                   56.9
Restructuring and other items                                     3.4                 1.1            11.7                    4.4
Income taxes                                                     36.5                35.3           183.3                  181.5
Operating income                                         $      211.2      $        208.8     $     934.4        $         891.3
Less: Corporate expense                                         (17.5)              (18.2)          (71.8)                 (60.6)
Add: Depreciation and amortization                               95.3                86.6           365.3                  342.4
Add: Non-cash acquisition accounting
  adjustment related to inventory                                  —                    —              3.5                    —
Adjusted EBITDA (a non-IFRS measure)                     $      289.0      $        277.2     $   1,231.4        $       1,173.1

Days Working Capital Employed – A measure indicating the relative liquidity and asset intensity of the Company’s working
capital. It is calculated by multiplying the net working capital by the number of days in the quarter and then dividing by
the quarterly sales. Net working capital includes trade and other receivables, inventories, prepaid expenses, trade and
other payables, and income taxes recoverable and payable. The following table reconciles the net working capital used
in the days of working capital employed measure to IFRS measures reported in the consolidated statements of financial
position as at the periods ended as indicated.

Days Working Capital Employed
At December 31                                                                                       2022                   2021
Trade and other receivables                                                                   $    1,100.5       $        1,083.8
Inventories                                                                                          785.1                  677.3
Prepaid expenses                                                                                      50.0                   46.5
Income taxes recoverable                                                                              44.6                   37.9
Trade and other payables                                                                          (1,394.4)              (1,321.5)
Income taxes payable                                                                                 (60.3)                 (48.5)
Net working capital                                                                           $     525.5        $         475.5
Days in quarter                                                                                       92                     92
Fourth quarter sales                                                                          $   1,587.2        $       1,488.8
Days of working capital employed                                                                      30                     29




                                                                                                    2022 Annual Report        41
M A N A G E M E N T ’ S D I S C U S S I O N A N D A N A LY S I S
Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (Tabular amounts in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share data)




Dividend Payout Ratio – The ratio of earnings paid out to the shareholders. It provides an indication of how well
earnings support the dividend payments. Dividend payout ratio is defined as dividends declared divided by earnings,
excluding goodwill impairment loss, non-cash acquisition accounting adjustments, restructuring and other items, and
tax adjustments, (together “Adjusted earnings”) expressed as a percentage.

Dividend Payout Ratio
                                                                                                                       2022                  2021
Dividends declared per equity                                                                                     $   170.3        $        151.0
Adjusted earnings                                                                                                 $   635.0        $        606.0
Dividend payout ratio                                                                                                    27%                    25%

Free Cash Flow from Operations – A measure indicating the relative amount of cash generated by the Company during
the year and available to fund dividends, debt repayments and acquisitions. It is calculated as cash flow from operations,
less capital expenditures, net of proceeds from the sale of property, plant and equipment.
The following table reconciles the measure of free cash flow from operations to IFRS measures reported in the annual
consolidated statements of cash flows for the periods ended as indicated.

Free Cash Flow from Operations
                                                                                                                                Twelve months ended
                                                                                                                                        December 31

                                                                                                                       2022                  2021
Cash provided by operating activities                                                                             $    992.8       $        838.7
Less: Additions to property, plant and equipment                                                                      (447.2)              (323.8)
Add: Proceeds on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                              27.8                 16.9
Free cash flow from operations                                                                                    $   573.4        $        531.8

Interest Coverage – A measure indicating the relative amount of operating income earned by the Company compared
to the amount of net finance cost incurred by the Company. It is calculated as operating income (see definition below),
including discontinued items, less corporate expense, divided by net finance cost on a twelve-month rolling basis.
The following table reconciles the interest coverage measure to IFRS measures reported in the annual consolidated
income statements for the periods ended as indicated.

Interest Coverage
                                                                                                                                Twelve months ended
                                                                                                                                        December 31

                                                                                                                       2022                  2021
Operating income (a non-IFRS measure; see definition below)                                                       $   934.4        $        891.3
Less: Corporate expense                                                                                               (71.8)                (60.6)
                                                                                                                  $   862.6        $        830.7
Net finance cost                                                                                                  $     64.8       $          56.9
Interest coverage                                                                                                       13.3                  14.6




42       2022 Annual Report
Net Debt – A measure indicating the financial indebtedness of the Company assuming that all cash on hand is used to
repay a portion of the outstanding debt. It is defined as current debt, which includes bank advances, plus long-term debt
and lease liabilities, less cash and cash equivalents.
Net Debt to Adjusted EBITDA (or “Leverage Ratio”) – A measure that indicates the financial leverage of the Company. It
indicates the Company’s ability to service its existing debt.
Operating Income – A measure indicating the profitability of the Company’s business units defined as income before
corporate expenses, net finance cost, goodwill impairment loss, earnings in equity-accounted investments, restructuring
and other items, and income taxes.
See the definition of Adjusted EBITDA above for a reconciliation of operating income measures to IFRS measures reported
in the annual consolidated income statements for the periods ended as indicated.
Restructuring and Other Items and Tax Adjustments – A measure of significant non-recurring items that are included in net
earnings. The impact of restructuring and other items and tax adjustments on a per share basis is measured by dividing the
after-tax income of the restructuring and other items and tax adjustments by the average number of shares outstanding in
the relevant period. Management will continue to disclose the impact of these items on the Company’s results because the
timing and extent of such items do not reflect or relate to the Company’s ongoing operating performance. Management
evaluates the operating income of its segments before the effect of these items.
Return on Equity before goodwill impairment loss, restructuring and other items, non-cash acquisition accounting
adjustments and tax adjustments (“ROE”) – A measure that provides insight into the effective use of shareholder capital
in generating ongoing net earnings. ROE is calculated by dividing annual net earnings before goodwill impairment loss,
restructuring and other items, tax adjustments, gains on business dispositions and non-cash acquisition accounting
adjustments by the average of the beginning and the end-of-year equity.
The following table reconciles net earnings used in calculating the ROE measure to IFRS measures reported in the annual
consolidated statements of financial position and in the annual consolidated income statements for the periods ended
as indicated.

Return on Equity
                                                                                                             Twelve months ended
                                                                                                                     December 31

                                                                                                    2022                   2021
Net earnings                                                                                $       622.7       $         599.1
Restructuring and other items (net of tax)                                                            9.7                   3.5
New U.K. tax legislation                                                                               —                    3.4
Non-cash acquisition accounting adjustment related to inventory                                       2.6                    —
Adjusted net earnings                                                                       $       635.0       $         606.0
Average equity                                                                              $     4,006.1       $        3,514.6
Return on equity                                                                                     15.9%                 17.2%

Return on sales – A measure indicating relative profitability of sales to customers. It is defined as operating income (see
definition above) divided by sales, expressed as a percentage.




                                                                                                    2022 Annual Report      43
M A N A G E M E N T ’ S D I S C U S S I O N A N D A N A LY S I S
Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (Tabular amounts in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share data)




The following table reconciles the return on sales measure to IFRS measures reported in the annual consolidated income
statement in the segmented information per note 4 of the Company’s annual consolidated financial statements for the
periods ended as indicated.

Return on Sales
                                                                                        Three Months Ended                      Twelve Months Ended
                                                                                               December 31                              December 31

                                                                               2022                 2021                2022                 2021
Sales
  CCL                                                                 $       947.1        $        883.2         $   3,855.1      $      3,498.2
  Avery                                                                       239.8                 179.9               913.6               708.9
  Checkpoint                                                                  222.6                 226.8               818.7               772.5
  Innovia                                                                     177.7                 198.9               794.8               753.2
  Total sales                                                         $     1,587.2        $      1,488.8         $   6,382.2      $      5,732.8
Operating income
 CCL                                                                  $       131.9        $        121.5         $    599.8       $        545.8
 Avery                                                                         42.1                  38.4              167.6                148.8
 Checkpoint                                                                    34.6                  36.4              118.9                115.5
 Innovia                                                                        2.6                  12.5               48.1                 81.2
  Total operating income                                              $       211.2        $        208.8         $    934.4       $        891.3
Return on sales
 CCL                                                                            13.9%                13.8%              15.6%                 15.6%
 Avery                                                                          17.6%                21.3%              18.3%                 21.0%
 Checkpoint                                                                     15.5%                16.0%              14.5%                 15.0%
 Innovia                                                                         1.5%                 6.3%               6.1%                 10.8%
  Total return on sales                                                         13.3%                14.0%              14.6%                 15.5%

Return on total capital before goodwill impairment loss, restructuring and other items, non-cash acquisition accounting
adjustments, and tax adjustments (“ROTC”) – A measure of the returns the Company is achieving on capital employed.
ROTC is calculated by dividing annual net income before goodwill impairment loss, restructuring and other items, non-
cash acquisition accounting adjustments, and tax adjustments by the average of the beginning- and the end-of-year
equity and net debt.
The following table reconciles net earnings used in calculating the ROTC measure to IFRS measures reported in the annual
consolidated statements of financial position and in the annual consolidated income statements for the periods ended
as indicated.

Return on Total Capital
                                                                                                                                Twelve months ended
                                                                                                                                        December 31

                                                                                                                        2022                 2021
Net earnings                                                                                                      $    622.7       $        599.1
Restructuring and other items (net of tax)                                                                               9.7                  3.5
New U.K. tax legislation                                                                                                  —                   3.4
Non-cash acquisition accounting adjustment related to inventory                                                          2.6                   —
Adjusted net earnings                                                                                             $    635.0       $        606.0
Average total capital                                                                                             $   5,391.9      $      4,834.7
Return on total capital                                                                                                 11.8%                 12.5%

Total Debt – A measure indicating the financial indebtedness of the Company. It is defined as current debt, including
bank advances, plus long-term debt.




44       2022 Annual Report
B) Accounting Policies

Accounting Policies
The above analysis and discussion of the Company’s financial condition and results of operation are based on its
consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS.
A summary of the Company’s significant accounting policies is set out in note 3 of the consolidated financial statements.

C) Critical Accounting Estimates
The preparation of financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of sales and expenses during the year and the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of
contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements. In particular, estimates are used when determining
the amounts recorded for depreciation and amortization of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets,
outstanding self-insurance claims, pension and other post-employment benefits, income and other taxes, provisions,
certain fair value measures including those related to the valuation of business combinations, share-based payments and
financial instruments and also for the valuation of goodwill and intangible assets.

Goodwill and Indefinite-Life Intangibles
Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price of the Company’s interest in the businesses acquired over the fair
value of the underlying net identifiable tangible and intangible assets arising on acquisitions. Goodwill and indefinite-life
intangibles are not amortized but are required to be tested for impairment at least annually or if events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.
During the 2022 fourth quarter, the Company completed its impairment test as at September 30, 2022. Impairment testing
for the cash-generating units (“CGU”), CCL, Avery, Checkpoint, and Innovia, was done by a comparison of the unit’s
carrying amount to its estimated value in use, determined by discounting future cash flows from the continuing use of
the CGU. Key assumptions used in the determination of the value in use include long-term growth rates of 3% to 5% and
pre-tax discount rates ranging from 10% to 12%. Discount rates reflect current market assumptions and risks related to
the segments and are based upon the weighted average cost of capital for the segment. The Company’s historical growth
rates are used as a basis in determining the growth rate applied for impairment testing. Significant management judgment
is required in preparing the forecasts of future operating results that are used in the discounted cash flow method of
valuation. In 2022 and 2021, it was determined that the carrying amount of goodwill and indefinite-life intangibles was
not impaired. However, for the Innovia CGU, the estimated value in use was close to the carrying value. Since the process
of determining fair values requires management judgment regarding projected results and market multiples, a change in
these assumptions could impact the fair value of the reporting units, resulting in an impairment charge.

Long-Lived Assets
Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount
of an asset may not be recoverable. Performance of this evaluation involves management estimates of the associated
business plans, economic projections and anticipated cash flows. Specifically, management considers forecasted
operating cash flows, which are subject to change due to economic conditions, technological changes or changes in
operating performance. An impairment loss would be recognized if the carrying amount of the asset held for use exceeded
the discounted cash flow or fair value. Changes in these estimates in the future may result in an impairment charge.

Employee Benefits
The Company accrues its obligation under employee benefit plans and related costs net of plan assets. Pension costs are
determined periodically by independent actuaries. The actuarial determination of the accrued benefit obligations for the
plans uses the projected unit credit method and incorporates management’s best estimate of future salary escalation,
retirement age, inflation and other actuarial factors. The cost is then charged as services are rendered. Since these
assumptions, which are disclosed in note 20 of the 2022 annual consolidated financial statements, involve forward-looking
estimates and are long-term in nature, they are subject to uncertainty. Actual results may differ, and the differences may
be material.

D) Related Party Transactions
A summary of the Company’s related party transactions is set out in note 27 of the 2022 annual consolidated financial
statements.




                                                                                                     2022 Annual Report   45
M A N A G E M E N T ’ S D I S C U S S I O N A N D A N A LY S I S
Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (Tabular amounts in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share data)




6. O U T LO O K

2022 was the third year of pandemic-related challenges. At the beginning of the year, a surge in the omicron variant
prompted severe civil restrictions in China; then late in the fourth quarter, the accelerated elimination of the Chinese
government’s zero-CV19 policy resulted in a rampant increase in infections, both disrupting economic activity that has
continued in the early weeks of 2023. Furthermore, the Ukraine/Russian conflict started in the first quarter, followed
by sanctions, embargos, supply chain challenges and additional pressure on global inflation rates, further disrupting
economic activity. There is no end in sight to the conflict. The Company continued to prioritize safety for its employees
and customer service, working through supply chain challenges, remaining open for business everywhere. All-in for 2022,
the Company posted record adjusted earnings per share of $3.57 per Class B share compared to $3.37 per Class B share
for 2021 and a healthy liquidity position of $2.1 billion cash and available credit capacity to fund future growth initiatives.
Inflationary cost pressures are likely to ease but will continue in some areas in 2023, but not at the same rate as 2022
as central banks have reacted quickly, increasing interest rates to suppress the pace of inflation. Therefore, prudently
managing business activity levels in each of the Company’s manufacturing locations and passing on input cost changes
to its customers will be at the forefront while balancing the likely continued volatility in currency markets.
The CCL Segment reported a strong year in 2022 compared to 2021, with organic growth and profitability improvement
across the Home & Personal Care, Healthcare & Specialty and Food & Beverage more than offsetting declines for
CCL Design and CCL Secure. CCL Label and CCL Design remain committed to pursuing new product initiatives, with
capacity expansion plans in new and existing markets for its core customers where the opportunity meets long-term
profitability objectives. CCL Design’s results are expected to improve in 2023 as the acute impact of China’s elimination
of its zero-CV19 policy subsides and the expected normalizing of the automotive and electronics supply chains develop.
CCL Secure will continue to develop market-leading security technology to pursue long-term widespread adoption of
polymer banknotes across the world’s central banks.
Avery’s sales and profitability improved steadily compared to prior year as pandemic-related restrictions subsided,
office capacity improved, students returned to in-classroom learning and the meetings and events industry approached
pre-pandemic levels. For 2023, growth at Avery’s Direct-to-Consumer businesses is expected to outpace legacy product
lines. Further “tuck-in” acquisitions bolstering Avery’s presence globally are also possible.
Checkpoint results improved in 2022, despite a delay in inflationary price increases to offset cost challenges in MAS early
in the year and China’s about-face on their zero-CV19 policy that adversely impacted fourth quarter results in both ALS and
MAS. Checkpoint expects continued strong demand in 2023 for RFID related products and as economic activity climbs
in China, a gradual return to norm in the apparel supply chain in the second half of 2023. Supply chain challenges and
inflationary cost pressures remain on the watch.
Innovia faced significant polypropylene resin indices-related price declines in second half of 2022 coupled with dramatically
increased freight and energy costs that hindered results for the year. Effectively managing input cost volatility, energy and
freight cost inflation while offsetting with enhanced productivity efforts and, as appropriate, price adjustments, remain
mission critical. Successfully filling the capacity of the proprietary new “EcoFloat” shrink film line in Europe will be at the
forefront for 2023.
The Company concluded the year with cash on hand of $839.5 million and unused availability on the revolving credit
facility of approximately US$910.0 million. The Company’s liquidity position is robust, with a net debt leverage ratio of
1.24 times Adjusted EBITDA at the end of the current year, despite business acquisitions and net capital investments
of $287.2 million and $419.4 million, respectively, as well as $200.0 million used to buy back the Company’s Class B
non-voting shares. As always, the Company remains focused on vigilantly managing working capital and prioritizing capital
to higher-growth organic opportunities or unique acquisitions expected to enhance shareholder value. The Company
expects capital expenditures for 2023 to be approximately $415.0 million, supporting organic growth and new greenfield
opportunities globally. Early first-quarter orders have been mixed but so far sufficient to realize modest sales gains.
Inflationary input cost pressures globally, energy and commodity cost volatility particularly in Europe, and the economic
impact of the conflict between Ukraine and Russia remain at the forefront of management concerns. If demand remains
stable and the Company executes on its global growth initiatives, results for 2023 should exceed 2022.




46       2022 Annual Report
KPMG LLP
100 New Park Place, Suite 1400
Vaughan, ON L4K 0J3
Tel 905-265 5900
Fax 905-265 6390
www.kpmg.ca


                 INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

To the Shareholders of CCL Industries Inc.
Opinion
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of CCL Industries Inc. (the Entity),
which comprise:
•      the consolidated statements of financial position as at December 31, 2022 and
       December 31, 2021
•      the consolidated income statements for the years then ended
•      the consolidated statements of comprehensive income for the years then ended
•      the consolidated statements of changes in equity for the years then ended
•      the consolidated statements of cash flows for the years then ended
•      and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant
       accounting policies
(hereinafter referred to as the “financial statements”).
In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements present fairly, in all material
respects, the consolidated financial position of the Entity as at December 31, 2022 and
December 31, 2021, and its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash
flows for the years then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting
Standards (IFRS) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB).
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing
standards. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the
“Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements” section of our
auditor’s report.
We are independent of the Entity in accordance with the ethical requirements that are
relevant to our audit of the financial statements in Canada and we have fulfilled our other
ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to
provide a basis for our opinion.




KPMG LLP, an Ontario limited liability partnership and member firm of the KPMG global organization of independent member firm s affiliated
with KPMG International Limited, a private English company limited by guarantee. KPMG Canada provides services to KPMG LLP.
Document classification: KPMG Confidential

                                                                                                                                  2022 Annual Report   47
                     CCL Industries Inc.
                     February 22, 2023




                     Key Audit Matters
                     Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most
                     significance in our audit of the financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022.
                     These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial statements as a
                     whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on
                     these matters.
                     We have determined the matter described below to be the key audit matter to be
                     communicated in our auditor’s report.
                     Evaluation of Innovia’s goodwill and brands for impairment
                     Description of the matter
                     We draw attention to Notes 2(d), 3(e(i)), 3(h(i)) and 13 of the financial statements.
                     The goodwill and brands balances were $2,193.5 million and $441.6 million respectively,
                     of which $345.7 million and $53.1 million related to the Innovia cash-generating unit
                     (CGU). The Entity performs goodwill and indefinite life assets impairment testing annually
                     or more frequently when events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may
                     not be recoverable. The recoverable amount is the higher of a CGU’s fair value, less costs
                     to sell, and its value in use. In determining the value in use, future cash flows were
                     discounted. Key assumptions used in the determination of the value in use include growth
                     rates and discount rates.
                     Why the matter is a key audit matter
                     We identified the evaluation of the Innovia CGU’s goodwill and brands for impairment as a
                     key audit matter. This matter represented an area of significant risk. Significant auditor
                     attention and significant auditor judgment, in particular that of senior team members and
                     valuation professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, was required in performing
                     and evaluating the results of our procedures.
                     How the matter was addressed in the audit
                     The primary procedures we performed to address this key audit matter included the
                     following:
                     We calculated historical profitability growth rates and compared those rates against the
                     rates predicted by the Entity. We considered whether the current economic environment or
                     internal and external communications made by the Entity are indicative of a continuation
                     of, or a change from, past experience.
                     We involved valuation professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in
                     assessing the appropriateness of the discount rate, which was based on weighted average
                     cost of capital (WACC) by comparing the Entity’s WACC to a WACC range that was
                     independently developed using publicly available market data including risk premiums,
                     betas and debt to capital ratios for comparable entities.




                                                                                                                  2




48   2022 Annual Report
CCL Industries Inc.
February 22, 2023




We assessed the reasonableness of the recoverable amount of goodwill and brand assets
by developing an estimated recoverable amount using the Entity’s future cash flows for
each CGU and the independently developed discount rate developed by valuation
professionals above, and comparing the result to the Entity’s estimated recoverable
amount.
We performed sensitivity analyses over key assumptions and assessed their impact on the
Entity’s determination that the estimated recoverable amount exceeded the carrying
amount of the CGU.
Other Information
Management is responsible for the other information. Other information comprises:
     •   the information included in Management’s Discussion and Analysis filed with the
         relevant Canadian Securities Commissions.
     •   the information, other than the financial statements and the auditor’s report
         thereon, included in a document likely to be entitled “Annual Report”.
Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and we do
not and will not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the
other information identified above and, in doing so, consider whether the other information
is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the
audit and remain alert for indications that the other information appears to be materially
misstated.
We obtained the information included in Management’s Discussion and Analysis filed with
the relevant Canadian Securities Commissions as at the date of this auditor’s report. If,
based on the work we have performed on this other information, we conclude that there is
a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact in the
auditor’s report.
We have nothing to report in this regard.
The information, other than the financial statements and the auditor’s report thereon,
included in a document likely to be entitled “Annual Report” is expected to be made
available to us after the date of this auditor’s report. If, based on the work we will perform
on this other information, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other
information, we are required to report that fact to those charged with governance.
Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged with Governance for
the Financial Statements
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the financial
statements in accordance with IFRS as issued by the IASB, and for such internal control
as management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements
that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.


                                                                                                 3




                                                                            2022 Annual Report   49
                     CCL Industries Inc.
                     February 22, 2023




                     In preparing the financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the
                     Entity’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing as applicable, matters related to
                     going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless management either
                     intends to liquidate the Entity or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to
                     do so.
                     Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Entity’s financial
                     reporting process.
                     Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements
                     Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
                     as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue
                     an auditor’s report that includes our opinion.
                     Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit
                     conducted in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards will always
                     detect a material misstatement when it exists.
                     Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or
                     in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions
                     of users taken on the basis of the financial statements.
                     As part of an audit in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards,
                     we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the
                     audit.
                     We also:
                          •   Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements,
                              whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to
                              those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide
                              a basis for our opinion.
                          •   The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher
                              than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery,
                              intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
                          •   Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design
                              audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose
                              of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Entity's internal control.
                          •   Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness
                              of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by management.
                          •   Conclude on the appropriateness of management's use of the going concern basis
                              of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material
                              uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on
                              the Entity's ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material
                              uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the
                              related disclosures in the financial statements or, if such disclosures are

                                                                                                                     4




50   2022 Annual Report
CCL Industries Inc.
February 22, 2023




        inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit
        evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or
        conditions may cause the Entity to cease to continue as a going concern.
    •   Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial
        statements, including the disclosures, and whether the financial statements
        represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair
        presentation.
    •   Communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other
        matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings,
        including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our
        audit.
    •   Provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied
        with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and communicate with
        them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear
        on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
    •   Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of
        the entities or business activities within the Entity to express an opinion on the
        financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and
        performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit
        opinion.
    •   Determine, from the matters communicated with those charged with governance,
        those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the financial statements
        of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these
        matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure
        about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a
        matter should not be communicated in our auditor’s report because the adverse
        consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public
        interest benefits of such communication.




Chartered Professional Accountants, Licensed Public Accountants
The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this auditor’s report is Tammy L. Brown.
Vaughan, Canada
February 22, 2023




                                                                                                 5




                                                                            2022 Annual Report       51
C O N S O L I D AT E D S TAT E M E N T S O F F I N A N C I A L P O S I T I O N
(In millions of Canadian dollars)




As at December 31                                                                 Note                   2022                 2021
Assets
Current assets
 Cash and cash equivalents                                                          6              $     839.5      $      602.1
 Trade and other receivables                                                        7                  1,100.5           1,083.8
 Inventories                                                                        8                    785.1             677.3
 Prepaid expenses                                                                                         50.0              46.5
 Income taxes recoverable                                                                                 44.6              37.9
Total current assets                                                                                   2,819.7           2,447.6
Non-current assets
 Property, plant and equipment                                                      10                 2,212.3           1,910.3
 Right-of-use assets                                                                11                   180.2             145.5
 Goodwill                                                                        12,13                 2,193.5           1,975.1
 Intangible assets                                                               12,13                 1,018.3             991.1
 Deferred tax assets                                                                15                    71.5              47.7
 Equity-accounted investments                                                        9                    79.5              68.4
 Other assets                                                                                             23.9              25.8
 Derivative instruments                                                            24                     65.5              16.3
Total non-current assets                                                                               5,844.7           5,180.2
Total assets                                                                                       $   8,664.4      $    7,627.8
Liabilities
Current liabilities
  Trade and other payables                                                         14              $   1,394.4      $    1,321.5
  Current portion of long-term debt                                                18                      6.6              15.3
  Lease liabilities                                                                                       40.0              32.7
  Income taxes payable                                                                                    60.3              48.5
  Derivative instruments                                                                                   0.1                —
Total current liabilities                                                                              1,501.4           1,418.0
Non-current liabilities
 Long-term debt                                                                    18                  2,175.6           1,691.4
 Lease liabilities                                                                                       139.6             111.9
 Deferred tax liabilities                                                          15                    311.7             286.6
 Employee benefits                                                                 20                    256.9             315.5
 Provisions and other long-term liabilities                                                               14.0              15.2
 Derivative instruments                                                            24                       —               42.2
Total non-current liabilities                                                                          2,897.8           2,462.8
Total liabilities                                                                                      4,399.2           3,880.8
Equity
 Share capital                                                                     16                    468.4             462.1
 Contributed surplus                                                                                     132.0             103.6
 Retained earnings                                                                                     3,730.2           3,422.7
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss                                              29                    (65.4)           (241.4)
Total equity attributable to shareholders of the Company                                               4,265.2           3,747.0
  Acquisitions                                                                      5
  Commitments and contingencies                                                    26
  Subsequent event                                                                 31
Total liabilities and equity                                                                       $   8,664.4      $    7,627.8

On behalf of the Board:




                                                                                  Donald G. Lang         Geoffrey T. Martin
See accompanying explanatory notes to the consolidated financial statements.      Director               Director



52        2022 Annual Report
C O N S O L I D AT E D I N C O M E S TAT E M E N T S
(In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)




Years ended December 31                                                         Note         2022                  2021
Sales                                                                                  $   6,382.2      $        5,732.8
Cost of sales                                                                              4,667.0               4,140.7
Gross profit                                                                               1,715.2               1,592.1
Selling, general and administrative expenses                                                 852.6                 761.4
Restructuring and other items                                                    30           11.7                   4.4
Earnings in equity-accounted investments                                                     (19.9)                (11.2)
                                                                                            870.8                 837.5
Finance cost                                                                      19          72.2                 59.4
Finance income                                                                    19         (12.9)                (7.7)
Interest on lease liabilities                                                  11,19           5.5                  5.2
Net finance cost                                                                             64.8                  56.9
Earnings before income tax                                                                  806.0                 780.6
Income tax expense                                                               22         183.3                 181.5
Net earnings                                                                           $    622.7       $         599.1
Earnings per share
Basic earnings per Class B share                                                 17    $     3.50       $          3.33
Diluted earnings per Class B share                                               17    $     3.48       $          3.31

See accompanying explanatory notes to the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                            2022 Annual Report       53
C O N S O L I D AT E D S TAT E M E N T S O F C O M P R E H E N S I V E I N C O M E
(In millions of Canadian dollars)




Years ended December 31                                                                           2022          2021
Net earnings                                                                                  $   622.7    $   599.1
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax:
Items that may subsequently be reclassified to income:
  Foreign currency translation adjustment for foreign operations, net of
    tax recovery of $1.4 for the year ended December 31, 2022 (2021 – tax recovery of $5.4)       200.4        (180.4)
  Net gains (losses) on hedges of net investment in foreign operations, net of
    tax recovery of $3.7 for the year ended December 31, 2022 (2021 – tax expense of $12.4)       (24.4)         81.5
  Effective portion of changes in fair value of cash flow hedges, net of tax recovery
    of $0.1 for the year ended December 31, 2022 (2021 – tax expense of $0.2)                      (0.3)          0.7
Net change in fair value of cash flow hedges transferred to the income statement, net of
  tax recovery of $0.1 for the year ended December 31, 2022 (2021 – tax expense of $0.3)            0.3          (1.0)
Actuarial gains on defined benefit post-employment plans, net of tax expense of $16.8
  for the year ended December 31, 2022 (2021 – tax expense of $12.1)                               45.8          37.1
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax                                                     221.8         (62.1)
Total comprehensive income                                                                    $   844.5    $   537.0

See accompanying explanatory notes to the consolidated financial statements.




54        2022 Annual Report
C O N S O L I D AT E D S TAT E M E N T S O F C H A N G E S I N E Q U I T Y
(In millions of Canadian dollars)




                                                                                                                                 Accumulated            Total
                                                                                                                                      Other            Equity
                                                                  Class A         Class B    Total                             Comprehensive     Attributable
                                                                   Shares         Shares     Share    Contributed       Retained       Gain                to
                                                                (note 16)       (note 16)   Capital       Surplus       Earnings      (Loss)    Shareholders
Balance, January 1, 2021                                    $        4.5    $     392.3 $   396.8     $     90.1    $   2,937.5    $ (142.2) $      3,282.2

Net earnings                                                          —               —         —             —           599.1          —            599.1
Dividends declared
  Class A                                                             —               —         —             —            (9.8)          —            (9.8)
  Class B                                                             —               —         —             —          (141.2)          —          (141.2)
Defined benefit plan actuarial gains, net of tax                      —               —         —             —            37.1           —            37.1
Stock-based compensation plan                                         —              3.5       3.5          20.8             —            —            24.3
Stock option expense                                                  —               —         —            2.6             —            —             2.6
Stock options exercised                                               —             61.8      61.8         (11.3)            —            —            50.5
Income tax effect related to stock options                            —               —         —            1.4             —            —             1.4
Other comprehensive loss                                              —               —         —             —              —         (99.2)         (99.2)

Balance, December 31, 2021                                  $        4.5    $     457.6 $   462.1     $    103.6    $   3,422.7    $ (241.4) $      3,747.0

Net earnings                                                          —               —         —             —           622.7          —            622.7
Dividends declared
  Class A                                                             —               —         —             —           (11.2)          —           (11.2)
  Class B                                                             —               —         —             —          (159.1)          —          (159.1)
Defined benefit plan actuarial gains, net of tax                      —               —         —             —            45.8           —            45.8
Stock-based compensation plan                                         —              9.0       9.0          28.6             —            —            37.6
Stock option expense                                                  —               —         —            0.9             —            —             0.9
Stock options exercised                                               —              6.6       6.6          (1.2)            —            —             5.4
Income tax effect related to stock options                            —               —         —            0.1             —            —             0.1
Repurchase of shares (note 16)                                        —             (9.3)     (9.3)           —          (190.7)          —          (200.0)
Other comprehensive gain                                              —               —         —             —              —         176.0          176.0

Balance, December 31, 2022                                  $        4.5    $     463.9 $   468.4     $    132.0    $   3,730.2    $   (65.4) $     4,265.2

See accompanying explanatory notes to the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                                            2022 Annual Report          55
C O N S O L I D AT E D S TAT E M E N T S O F C A S H F L O W S
(In millions of Canadian dollars)




Years ended December 31                                                              2022           2021
Cash provided by (used for)
Operating activities
Net earnings                                                                   $    622.7     $    599.1
Adjustments for:
 Property, plant and equipment depreciation                                         257.1          245.3
 Right-of-use assets depreciation                                                    42.1           39.6
 Intangible amortization                                                             66.1           57.5
 Earnings in equity-accounted investments, net of dividends received                (13.5)          (5.0)
 Net finance costs                                                                   64.8           56.9
 Current income tax expense                                                         210.9          191.2
 Deferred income tax recovery                                                       (27.6)          (9.7)
 Equity-settled share-based payment transactions                                     38.6           28.3
 Gain on sale of property, plant and equipment                                      (13.8)          (5.9)
                                                                                   1,247.4        1,197.3
  Change in inventories                                                              (69.6)        (125.9)
  Change in trade and other receivables                                               23.6         (129.5)
  Change in prepaid expenses                                                          (0.6)          (9.0)
  Change in trade and other payables                                                  41.9          164.0
  Change in income taxes receivable and payable                                       (4.0)          (2.5)
  Change in employee benefits                                                        (12.7)         (20.4)
  Change in other assets and liabilities                                              30.4            9.6
                                                                                   1,256.4        1,083.6
Net interest paid                                                                    (56.7)         (48.1)
Income taxes paid                                                                   (206.9)        (196.8)
Cash provided by operating activities                                               992.8          838.7
Financing activities
  Proceeds on issuance of long-term debt                                           1,010.7          41.3
  Repayment of long-term debt                                                       (676.6)       (274.7)
  Repayment of lease liabilities                                                     (41.8)        (36.1)
  Proceeds from issuance of shares                                                     5.4          50.5
  Repurchase of shares (note 16)                                                    (200.0)           —
  Dividends paid                                                                    (170.3)       (151.0)
Cash used for financing activities                                                   (72.6)       (370.0)
Investing activities
  Additions to property, plant and equipment                                       (447.2)        (323.8)
  Proceeds on disposal of property, plant and equipment                              27.8           16.9
  Business acquisitions (note 5)                                                   (287.2)        (234.4)
Cash used for investing activities                                                 (706.6)        (541.3)
  Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                              213.6          (72.6)
  Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                                    602.1          703.7
  Translation adjustments on cash and cash equivalents                               23.8          (29.0)
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                                       $    839.5     $    602.1

See accompanying explanatory notes to the consolidated financial statements.




56        2022 Annual Report
N O T E S T O T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)




1.   REPORTING ENTITY

CCL Industries Inc. (the “Company”) is a public company, listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange, and is incorporated and
domiciled in Canada. These consolidated financial statements of the Company as at and for the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, comprise the results of the Company, its subsidiaries and its interest in joint ventures and associates. The
Company has manufacturing facilities around the world and is primarily involved in the manufacture of labels, consumer
printable media products, technology-driven label solutions, polymer banknote substrates and specialty films.
2022 marked the third year of the global COVID-19 (“CV19”) pandemic, which saw the advent of the highly contagious
omicron wave that resulted in a resurgence of restrictive measures by governments and lockdowns especially in China.
As the year progressed and boosters were quickly deployed, oral antivirals became available and population immunity
evolved managing infections became the new normal. Accordingly global mortality rates declined, civil restrictions largely
disappeared, global travel almost returned to normal with only China still applying severe controls and global supply chain
issues began to ease. Throughout the year CCL maintained its safety policies for employees, suppliers and customers
ensuring its facilities remained open. However, as the year drew to a close China abandoned its zero-CV19 policy, a
significant infection outbreak occurred temporarily impacting economic activity within the country, with the final impact
not yet fully understood.


2 . B A S I S O F P R E PA R AT I O N


(a) Statement of compliance
These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting
Standards (“IFRS”) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board.
These consolidated financial statements were authorized for issue by the Company’s Board of Directors on February 22,
2023.

(b) Basis of measurement
These consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for the following items in
the consolidated statements of financial position:
• Derivative financial instruments are measured at fair value;
• Financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss are measured at fair value; and
• Assets related to the defined benefit plans are measured at fair value and liabilities related to the defined benefit plans
  are calculated by qualified actuaries using the projected unit credit method

(c) Presentation currency
These consolidated financial statements are presented in Canadian dollars, which is the Company’s presentation currency.
All financial information, except per share information, is presented in millions of Canadian dollars, unless otherwise noted.

(d) Use of estimates and judgements
The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the application of accounting policies and the reported amounts of sales and expenses during the year and the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
Estimates and assumptions are used mainly in determining the measurement of recognized transactions and balances.
In the process of applying the Company’s accounting policies, management makes various judgements, apart from those
involving estimations, that can significantly affect the amounts it recognizes in the financial statements.
Judgements, estimates and assumptions are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other
factors including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.
The Company has applied judgement in its assessment of the classification of financial instruments, the recognition and
derecognition of tax losses and provisions, the determination of cash-generating units (“CGUs”), the identification of the
indicators of impairment for property and equipment and intangible assets, the level of componentization of property
and equipment and the allocation of purchase price adjustments on business combinations.



                                                                                                         2022 Annual Report   57
N O T E S T O T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)




Estimates are used when determining the amounts recorded for depreciation and amortization of property, plant
and equipment, intangible assets and right-of-use assets, outstanding self-insurance claims, pension and other post-
employment benefits, income and other taxes, provisions, lease liabilities, certain fair value measures, including those
related to the valuation of business combinations, share-based payments and financial instruments and in the valuation
of goodwill and intangible assets.


3 . S I G N I F I C A N T AC C O U N T I N G P O L I C I E S

The accounting policies set out below have been applied consistently to all comparative information presented in these
consolidated financial statements.

(a) Basis of consolidation
(i)   Business combinations
The Company measures goodwill as the fair value of the consideration transferred including the recognized amount of
any non-controlling interest in the acquiree, less the net recognized amount (generally fair value) of the identifiable assets
acquired and liabilities assumed, all measured as of the acquisition date. When the excess is negative, a bargain purchase
gain is recognized immediately in profit or loss. The Company elects to measure, on a transaction-by-transaction basis,
non-controlling interest either at its fair value or at its proportionate share of the recognized amount of the identifiable net
assets at the acquisition date. Transaction costs, other than those associated with the issue of debt or equity securities,
that the Company incurs in connection with a business combination are expensed as incurred.

(ii) Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Company. Control exists when the Company is exposed to, or has rights to,
variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the
entity. The financial statements of subsidiaries are included in the consolidated financial statements from the date that
control commences until the date that control ceases. The accounting policies of subsidiaries have been changed, when
necessary, to align them with the policies adopted by the Company.

(iii) Associates and joint arrangements
The Company’s interests in equity-accounted investees comprise interests in associates and joint ventures.
Associates are those entities in which the Company has significant influence, but not control or joint control, over the
financial and operating policies. Significant influence is presumed to exist when the Company holds between 20% and
50% of the voting power of another entity.
The Company classifies its interest in joint arrangements as either joint operations (if the Company has rights to the assets
and has obligations for the liabilities relating to an arrangement) or joint ventures (if the Company has the rights only to the
net assets of an arrangement). When making this assessment, the Company considers the structure of the arrangements,
the legal form of any separate vehicles, the contractual terms of the arrangements and other facts and circumstances.
Investments in associates and joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method and are recognized initially at
cost. The Company’s investments include goodwill identified on acquisition, net of any accumulated impairment losses.
The consolidated financial statements include the Company’s share of the income and expenses and equity movements of
equity-accounted investees, after adjustments to align the accounting policies with those of the Company, from the date
that significant influence commences until the date that it ceases. When the Company’s share of losses exceeds its interest
in an equity-accounted investee, the carrying amount of that interest (including any long-term investments) is reduced to
nil and the recognition of further losses is discontinued, except to the extent that the Company has an obligation or has
made payments on behalf of the investee.

(iv) Transactions eliminated on consolidation
Inter-company balances and transactions, and any unrealized income and expenses arising from inter-company
transactions, are eliminated in preparing the consolidated financial statements. Unrealized gains arising from transactions
with equity-accounted investees are eliminated against the investment to the extent of the Company’s interest in the
investee. Unrealized losses are eliminated in the same way as unrealized gains, but only to the extent that there is no
evidence of impairment.




58       2022 Annual Report
(b) Foreign currency

(i)   Foreign currency transactions
Transactions in foreign currencies are translated to the respective functional currencies of the Company’s entities using
exchange rates at the dates of the transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the
reporting date are translated to the functional currency using the exchange rate at that date. The foreign currency gain or
loss on monetary items is the difference between amortized cost in the functional currency at the beginning of the period,
adjusted for effective interest and payments during the period, and the amortized cost in the foreign currency translated
at the exchange rate at the end of the period. Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies that
are measured at fair value are translated to the functional currency at the exchange rate at the date that the fair value was
determined. Foreign currency differences arising on translation are recognized in the consolidated income statement,
except for differences arising on the translation of a financial liability designated as a hedge of the net investment in a
foreign operation or qualifying cash flow hedges, which are recognized directly in other comprehensive income (see
note 3(b)(iii)). Foreign currency-denominated non-monetary items, measured at historical cost, have been translated at
the rate of exchange at the transaction date.
The financial statements of each of the Company’s subsidiaries are measured using the currency of the primary economic
environment in which the entity operates.
The assets and liabilities of foreign operations, including goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on acquisition,
are translated into Canadian dollars using exchange rates at the reporting date. The income and expenses of foreign
operations are translated into Canadian dollars using the average exchange rates for the period.

(ii) Foreign operations
Foreign currency differences are recognized directly in other comprehensive income and presented within the foreign
currency translation adjustment.
When a foreign operation is disposed of, the amount in other comprehensive income related to the foreign operation is
fully transferred to the consolidated income statement. A disposal occurs when the entire interest in the foreign operation
is disposed of or, in the case of a partial disposal, when the partial disposal results in the loss of control of a subsidiary
or the loss of significant influence. For any partial disposal of the Company’s interest in a subsidiary that includes a
foreign operation, the Company re-attributes the proportionate share of the relevant amounts in other comprehensive
income to non-controlling interests. For any other partial disposal of a foreign operation, the Company reclassifies to the
consolidated income statement only the proportionate share of the relevant amount in other comprehensive income.
Foreign exchange gains and losses arising from a monetary item receivable from, or payable to, a foreign operation, the
settlement of which is neither planned nor likely in the foreseeable future, are considered to form part of a net investment
in a foreign operation and are recognized directly in other comprehensive income and presented within the foreign
currency translation adjustment.

(iii) Hedge of net investment in a foreign operation
The Company applies hedge accounting to the foreign currency exposure arising between the functional currency of the
foreign operation and the parent entity’s functional currency, regardless of whether the net investment is held directly
or through an intermediate parent.
Foreign currency differences arising on the translation of a financial liability designated as a hedge of a net investment
in a foreign operation are recognized directly in other comprehensive income to the extent that the hedge is effective.
To the extent that the hedge is ineffective, such differences are recognized in the consolidated income statement. When
the hedged part of a net investment is disposed of or partially disposed of, the associated cumulative amount in equity is
transferred to the consolidated income statement as an adjustment to the consolidated income statement on disposal,
in accordance with the policy described in note 3(b)(ii).




                                                                                                      2022 Annual Report   59
N O T E S T O T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)




(c) Financial instruments

(i)    Financial assets and liabilities
The Company recognizes financial assets and financial liabilities initially at fair value and subsequently measures them at
either fair value or amortized cost based on the following classifications:

Amortized cost:
The Company classifies financial assets held to collect contractual cash flows at amortized cost, including cash and cash
equivalents and trade and other receivables. The Company initially recognizes the carrying amount of such assets on the
consolidated statement of financial position at fair value plus directly attributable transaction costs, and subsequently
measures them at amortized cost using the effective interest method, less any impairment losses.

Fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”):
Financial assets purchased and financial liabilities incurred, with the intention of generating earnings in the near term,
are classified as FVTPL. This category includes derivative assets and derivative liabilities that do not qualify for hedge
accounting, if any. For items classified as FVTPL, the Company initially recognizes such financial assets on the consolidated
statement of financial position at fair value and recognizes subsequent changes in the consolidated income statement.
Transaction costs incurred are expensed in the consolidated income statements. The Company does not currently hold
any assets and liabilities designated as FVTPL.

Fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”):
This category includes the Company’s investments in securities. Subsequent to initial recognition, they are measured at
fair value on the consolidated statement of financial position and changes therein are recognized in other comprehensive
income. When an investment is derecognized, the accumulated gain or loss in other comprehensive income is not
transferred to the consolidated income statement.

Other financial liabilities:
This category is for financial liabilities that are not classified as FVTPL or FVTOCI and includes trade and other payables
and long-term debt. These financial liabilities are recorded at amortized cost on the consolidated statement of financial
position.
Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount presented in the statement of financial position when, and
only when, the Company has a legal right to offset the amounts and intends either to settle on a net basis or to realize the
asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

(ii)   Derivative financial instruments, including hedge accounting
The Company uses derivative financial instruments to manage its foreign currency and interest-rate-risk exposure and
price-risk exposure related to the purchase of raw materials. Embedded derivatives are separated from the host contract
and accounted for separately. If the economic characteristics and risks of the host contract and the embedded derivative
are not closely related, a separate instrument with the same terms as the embedded derivative would meet the definition
of a derivative, and the combined instrument is not measured at fair value through the income statement. Changes in the
fair value of separable embedded derivatives are recognized immediately in the consolidated income statement.
On initial designation of the hedge, the Company formally documents the relationship between the hedging instrument(s)
and hedged item(s), including the risk management objectives and strategy in undertaking the hedge transaction, together
with the methods that will be used to assess the effectiveness of the hedging relationship. The Company makes periodic
assessments of prospective hedge effectiveness.
The fair value of forward exchange contracts is based on their listed market prices, if available. If a listed market price is
not available, then fair value is estimated by discounting the difference between the contractual forward price and the
current forward price for the residual maturity of the contract using a risk-free interest rate (based on government bonds).
The fair value of interest rate swaps is based on broker quotes. Those quotes are tested for reasonableness by discounting
estimated future cash flows based on the terms and maturity of each contract and using market interest rates for a similar
instrument at the measurement date.
Fair values reflect the credit risk of the instrument and include adjustments to take into account the credit risk of the group
entity and counterparty when appropriate.




60        2022 Annual Report
Cash flow hedges
When a derivative is designated as the hedging instrument in a hedge of the variability in cash flows attributable to a
particular risk associated with a recognized asset or liability or a highly probable forecast transaction that could affect profit
or loss, the effective portion of changes in the fair value of the derivative is recognized in other comprehensive income
and presented in the hedging reserve in equity. The amount recognized in other comprehensive income is removed and
included in profit or loss in the same period that the hedged cash flows affect profit or loss, under the same line item in
the consolidated statement of comprehensive income as the hedged item. Any ineffective portion of changes in the fair
value of the derivative is recognized immediately in the consolidated income statement.
If the hedging instrument no longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting or expires or is sold, terminated, exercised, or
the designation is revoked, then hedge accounting is discontinued prospectively. The cumulative gain or loss previously
recognized in other comprehensive income and presented in unrealized gains or losses on cash flow hedges in equity
remains there until the forecast transaction affects profit or loss. When the hedged item is a non-financial asset, the
amount recognized in other comprehensive income is transferred to the carrying amount of the asset when the asset is
recognized. If the forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur, then the balance in other comprehensive income
is recognized immediately in profit or loss. In other cases, the amount recognized in other comprehensive income is
transferred to the consolidated income statement in the same period that the hedged item affects profit or loss.

Fair value hedges
Fair value hedges are hedges of the fair value of recognized assets, liabilities or unrecognized firm commitments. Changes
in the fair value of derivatives that are designated as fair value hedges are recorded in the consolidated income statement,
together with any changes in the fair value of the hedged item that are attributable to the hedged risk.

(d) Property, plant and equipment

(i)   Recognition and measurement
Items of property, plant and equipment are measured at cost, less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment
losses.
Cost includes expenditures that are directly attributable to the acquisition of the asset. The cost of self-constructed assets
includes the cost of materials and direct labour, any other costs directly attributable to bringing the assets to a working
condition for their intended uses, and the costs of dismantling and removing the items and restoring the site on which
they are located. Purchased software that is integral to the functionality of the related equipment is capitalized as part
of that equipment.
The fair value of property, plant and equipment recognized as a result of a business combination is based on the amount
for which a property could be exchanged on the date of valuation between knowledgeable, willing parties in an arm’s
length transaction.
Borrowing costs related to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets are capitalized as part of the
cost of the assets.
When parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, they are accounted for as separate
items (major components) of property, plant and equipment.
Gains and losses on disposal of an item of property, plant and equipment are determined by comparing the proceeds
from disposal with the carrying amount of property, plant and equipment and are recognized within selling, general and
administrative expenses in the consolidated income statement.
The cost of replacing a part of an item of property, plant and equipment is recognized in the carrying amount of the item
if it is probable that the future economic benefits embodied within the part will flow to the Company and its cost can be
measured reliably. The carrying amount of the replaced part is derecognized. The costs of the day-to-day servicing of
property, plant and equipment are recognized in profit or loss as incurred.




                                                                                                         2022 Annual Report    61
N O T E S T O T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)




(ii) Depreciation
Depreciation is calculated based on the cost of the asset, or other amount substituted for cost, less its residual value.
Depreciation is recognized in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of each part of an item
of property, plant and equipment, since this most closely reflects the expected pattern of consumption of the future
economic benefits embodied in the asset.
The estimated useful lives for the current and comparative periods are as follows:
• Buildings                               Up to 40 years
• Machinery and equipment                 Up to 20 years
• Fixtures and fittings                   Up to 10 years
• Minor components                        Up to 5 years
Depreciation methods, useful lives and residual values are reviewed at each reporting date and adjusted if appropriate.

(e) Intangible assets

(i)   Goodwill
Goodwill arises on the acquisition of subsidiaries and is tested for impairment annually or more frequently if events
or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. For measurement of goodwill at initial
recognition, see note 3(a)(i).

Subsequent measurement
Goodwill is measured at cost, less accumulated impairment losses. In respect of equity-accounted investments, the
carrying amount of goodwill is included in the carrying amount of the investment.

(ii) Other intangible assets
Indefinite life intangibles, such as brands, are tested for impairment annually or more frequently if events or circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.
Intangible assets consist of patents, trademarks, brands, software and the value of acquired customer relationships.
Impairment losses for intangible assets where the carrying value is not recoverable are measured based on fair value. Fair
value is calculated by using discounted cash flows.
The fair values of customer relationships acquired in a business combination are determined using the multi-period
excess earnings method, whereby the subject asset is valued after deducting a fair return on all other assets that are part
of creating the related cash flows.
The fair values of brands acquired in a business combination are determined using the multi-period excess earnings
method or the relief of royalty method, whereby the value of the brand is equal to the royalty savings from having
ownership as opposed to licensing the brand.
Amortization is recognized in the consolidated income statement on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives
of intangible assets, other than indefinite-life intangible assets, such as brands and goodwill, from the date that they are
available for use. The estimated useful lives for the current and comparative years are as follows:
• Patents, trademarks and other                Up to 15 years
• Customer relationships                       Up to 20 years
• Brands and goodwill                          Indefinite-life




62       2022 Annual Report
(f) Leases
The Company recognizes right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for all leases with a term of more than 12 months, unless
the underlying asset is of low value. The right-of-use asset is measured based on the initial value of the lease liability
adjusted for lease payments made at or before the commencement of the lease, initial direct costs and estimated
dismantling and restoring costs. The right-of-use asset is depreciated over the shorter of the lease term and the asset’s
useful life, unless it is reasonably certain the Company will obtain ownership by the end of the lease term, in which case
the asset is depreciated over its useful life.
The lease liability is measured at the present value of all future lease payments discounted at the lessee’s incremental
borrowing rate. Lease liabilities are measured at amortized cost using the effective interest rate method whereby interest
is recognized in profit or loss over the lease term.
The Company has adopted the practical expedients related to short-term leases and leases of low-value assets whereby
lease obligations associated with these leases are recognized as an expense in the consolidated income statement when
incurred.

(g) Inventories
Inventories are measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value. The cost of inventories is based on the first-in,
first-out principle and includes expenditures incurred in acquiring the inventories, production or conversion costs, and
other costs incurred in bringing them to their existing locations and conditions. In the case of manufactured inventories
and work in progress, cost includes an appropriate share of production overheads based on normal operating capacity.
Net realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less the estimated costs of completion
and selling.
The fair value of inventories acquired in a business combination is determined based on the estimated selling price in the
ordinary course of business, less the estimated costs of completion and sale, and a reasonable profit margin based on
the effort required to complete and sell the inventories.
Estimates regarding obsolete and slow-moving inventory are also computed.

(h) Impairment

(i)   Financial assets, including receivables
A financial asset not carried at FVTPL is assessed at each reporting date to determine whether there is any objective
evidence that it is impaired. A financial asset is considered to be impaired if objective evidence indicates an expected
credit loss (“ECL”). Loss allowances are measured on the basis of lifetime ECLs where losses are recognized from all
possible default events over the expected life of a financial instrument.
The Company considers evidence of impairment for financial assets measured at amortized cost at both a specific asset
and a collective level. All individually significant financial assets measured at amortized cost are assessed for specific
impairment. All individually significant financial assets measured at amortized cost that are found not to be specifically
impaired are then collectively assessed for any impairment that has been incurred but not yet identified.
In assessing collective impairment, the Company uses historical trends of the probability of default, timing of recoveries
and the amount of expected loss, adjusted for management’s judgement as to whether current and expected future
economic and credit conditions are such that the expected losses are likely to be greater than or less than those suggested
by historical trends.
An impairment loss in respect of a financial asset measured at amortized cost is calculated as the difference between
its carrying amount and the present value of the estimated future cash flows discounted at the original effective interest
rate and reflected in an allowance account against trade receivables. Losses are recognized in the consolidated income
statement. When a subsequent event causes the amount of impairment loss to decrease, the decrease in impairment loss
is reversed through profit or loss.




                                                                                                      2022 Annual Report   63
N O T E S T O T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)




(ii) Non-financial assets
The carrying amounts of non-financial assets, other than inventories and deferred tax assets, are reviewed at each
reporting date to determine whether there is any indication of impairment. If any such indication exists, the impairment
would be recognized in the consolidated income statement.
Impairments are recorded when the expected recoverable amount of assets is less than their carrying amount. The
recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s or a cash-generating unit’s fair value, less the cost to sell and its value in use.
In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount
rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset. For the purpose
of impairment testing, assets that cannot be tested individually are grouped together into the smallest group of assets
that generates cash inflows from continuing use that are largely independent of the cash inflows of other assets or groups
of assets. For the purposes of goodwill impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is allocated
to the CGU, or the group of CGUs, that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination. This allocation is
subject to an operating segment ceiling test and reflects the lowest level at which that goodwill is monitored for internal
reporting purposes. An impairment loss is recognized if the carrying amount of an asset or its CGU exceeds its estimated
recoverable amount. Impairment losses are recognized in profit or loss. Impairment losses, other than those relating to
goodwill, are evaluated for potential reversals when events or changes in circumstances warrant such consideration.
The carrying values of finite-life intangible assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that their carrying amounts may not be recoverable. Additionally, the carrying values of goodwill and indefinite-
life intangibles are tested annually for impairment.
An impairment loss in respect of goodwill is not reversed. In respect of other assets, impairment losses recognized in
prior years are assessed at each reporting date for any indications that the losses have decreased or no longer exist. An
impairment loss is reversed if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount. An
impairment loss is reversed only to the extent that the asset’s carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that
would have been determined, net of depreciation or amortization, if no impairment loss had been recognized.
Goodwill that forms part of the carrying amount of an equity-accounted investment is not recognized separately and
therefore is not tested for impairment separately. Instead, the entire amount of the equity-accounted investment is tested
for impairment as a single asset when there is objective evidence that the equity-accounted investment may be impaired.

(i)   Employee benefits

(i)   Defined contribution plans
A defined contribution plan is a post-employment benefit plan under which an entity pays fixed contributions into a
separate entity and will have no legal or constructive obligation to pay further amounts. Obligations for contributions to
defined contribution pension plans are recognized as an employee benefit expense in the consolidated income statement
in the period that the service is rendered by the employee.

(ii) Defined benefit plans
A defined benefit plan is a post-employment benefit plan other than a defined contribution plan. The Company’s net
obligation in respect of defined benefit post-employment plans is calculated separately for each plan by estimating the
amount of future benefit that employees have earned in return for their service in the current and prior periods; that
benefit is discounted to determine its present value using a discount rate comparable to high-quality corporate bonds. Any
unrecognized past service costs and the fair value of any plan assets are deducted. The calculation is performed annually
by a qualified actuary using the projected unit credit method. When the calculation results in a benefit to the Company, the
recognized asset is limited to the total of any unrecognized past service costs and the present value of economic benefits
available in the form of any future refunds from the plan or reductions in future contributions to the plan. An economic
benefit is available to the Company if it is realizable during the life of the plan or on settlement of the plan liabilities.
When the benefits of a plan are improved, the portion of the increased benefit relating to past service by employees is
recognized in the consolidated income statement on a straight-line basis over the average period until the benefits become
vested. To the extent that the benefits vest immediately, the expense is recognized immediately in the consolidated
income statement.
The Company recognizes all actuarial gains and losses arising from defined benefit plans directly in other comprehensive
income immediately and reports them in retained earnings.




64       2022 Annual Report
The Company determines the net interest expense on the net defined benefit liability for the period by applying the
discount rate used to measure the defined benefit obligation at the beginning of the annual period to the then-net defined
benefit liability, taking into account any changes in the net defined benefit liability during the period as a result of the
contributions and benefit balances. Net interest expense and other expenses related to the defined benefit plans are
recognized in profit or loss.

(iii) Termination benefits
Termination benefits are recognized as an expense when the Company is demonstrably committed, without realistic
possibility of withdrawal, to a formal detailed plan to either terminate employment before the normal retirement date or
provide termination benefits as a result of an offer made to encourage voluntary redundancy. Termination benefits for
voluntary redundancies are recognized as an expense if the Company has made an offer of voluntary redundancy, it is
probable that the offer will be accepted and the number of acceptances can be estimated reliably. If benefits are payable
more than 12 months after the reporting period, then they are discounted to their present value.

(iv) Short-term benefits
Short-term employee benefit obligations are measured on an undiscounted basis and are recognized as the related service
is provided.

(v) Share-based payment transactions
For equity-settled share-based plans, the grant-date fair value of options granted to employees is recognized as an
employee expense, with a corresponding increase in equity, over the period that the employees become unconditionally
entitled to the options. The amount recognized as an expense is adjusted to reflect the actual number of share options
for which the related service and non-market vesting conditions are expected to be met. The fair value of employee stock
options is measured using the Black-Scholes model. Measurement inputs include the share price on the measurement
date, the exercise price of the instrument, the expected volatility, the weighted-average expected life of the instrument,
the expected dividends, and the risk-free interest rate. Service and non-market performance conditions attached to the
awards are not taken into account in determining fair value.
For equity-settled share-based deferred share unit, performance stock unit, long-term retention and other restricted share
unit plans, the grant-date fair value of deferred share units is recognized as an employee expense, with a corresponding
increase in equity. The grant-date fair value is not subsequently remeasured.

(j)   Provisions
A provision is recognized if, as a result of a past event, the Company has a present legal or constructive obligation that
can be estimated reliably and it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation.
Provisions are determined by discounting the expected future cash flows at a pre-tax rate that reflects current market
assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability. The unwinding of the discount is recognized
as a finance cost.

(k) Revenue
Revenue is measured based on the consideration specified in a contract with a customer. Revenue is recognized as
performance obligations are satisfied and the Company transfers control of a product or service to a customer. For
performance obligations satisfied at a point in time, revenue is recognized when the Company has a present right to
payment, the buyer has legal title to the asset, physical possession of the asset has transferred to the buyer, the buyer has
the significant risks and rewards of ownership and the buyer has accepted the asset. Generally, the buyer obtains control
at the time goods are shipped, the product is delivered or services are rendered. For performance obligations satisfied
over time, revenue is recognized by measuring the progress toward complete satisfaction of that performance obligation.
For customer contracts that contain multiple performance obligations, each element is treated separately for revenue
recognition purposes. For these contracts, the total transaction price is allocated to each obligation based on its relative
stand-alone selling price. Revenue is then recognized for each obligation when the relevant recognition criteria are met.
Certain contracts with customers contain incentives, including the payment of discounts based on quantities purchased.
These incentives represent variable consideration and are estimated and recognized as a reduction of related revenues.




                                                                                                     2022 Annual Report   65
N O T E S T O T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)




(l)   Finance income and costs
Finance income comprises interest income on invested funds, changes in the fair value of financial assets at FVTPL, and
gains on hedging instruments that are recognized in the consolidated income statement. Interest income is recognized
in the consolidated income statement as it accrues, using the effective interest method.
Finance costs comprise interest expense on borrowings, unwinding of the discount on provisions, changes in the fair
value of financial assets at FVTPL, impairment losses recognized on financial assets, and losses on hedging instruments
that are recognized in the consolidated income statement. All borrowing costs are recognized in the consolidated income
statement using the effective interest method, except for those amounts capitalized as part of the cost of qualifying
property, plant and equipment.

(m) Taxation
Income tax expense comprises current and deferred tax. Income tax expense is recognized in the consolidated income
statement except to the extent that it relates to items recognized either in other comprehensive income or directly in
equity. In such cases, the tax is also recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.

(i)   Current tax
Current tax expense is based on the results for the period as adjusted for items that are not taxable or not deductible.
Current tax is calculated using tax rates and laws that were enacted or substantively enacted at the end of the reporting
period and includes any adjustments to taxes payable in respect of previous years. Management periodically evaluates
positions taken in tax returns with respect to situations in which applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretation.
Provisions are established where appropriate on the basis of amounts expected to be paid to the tax authorities.

(ii) Deferred tax
Deferred tax is recognized, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising between the tax bases of assets
and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated statement of financial position. Deferred tax is calculated
using tax rates and laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the end of the reporting period and which
are expected to apply when the related deferred tax asset is realized or the deferred tax liability is settled.

(iii) Deferred tax liabilities
Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognized for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax liabilities are recognized
for taxable temporary differences arising on investments in subsidiaries and associates, except where the reversal of the
temporary difference can be controlled by the Company and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse
in the foreseeable future.

(iv) Deferred tax assets
A deferred tax asset is recognized for unused tax losses, tax credits and deductible temporary differences to the extent
that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which they can be utilized. Deferred tax assets are
reviewed at each reporting date and are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit
will be realized.
Deferred tax is not recognized for taxable temporary differences arising on the initial recognition of goodwill or in
respect of temporary differences that arise on initial recognition of assets and liabilities acquired, other than in a business
combination, and those that affect neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss.

(n) Share capital
All shares are recorded as equity. When share capital is repurchased, the amount of the consideration paid, which includes
directly attributable costs, net of any tax effect, is recognized as a deduction from equity. Repurchased shares are classified
as treasury shares and are presented as a deduction from total equity. When repurchased shares are subsequently sold or
reissued, the amount received is recognized as an increase in equity, and the resulting surplus or deficit on the transaction
is transferred to retained earnings.

(o) Earnings per share
The Company presents basic and diluted earnings per share (“EPS”) data for its Class B shares. Basic EPS is calculated by
dividing net earnings attributable to shareholders of the Company by the weighted average number of shares outstanding
during the period. Diluted EPS is determined by adjusting net earnings attributable to shareholders and the weighted
average number of shares outstanding for the effects of all potentially dilutive shares.



66       2022 Annual Report
(p) Segment reporting
A segment is a distinguishable component of the Company that is engaged either in providing related products and
services (business segment) or in providing products and services within a particular economic environment (geographical
segment) and that is subject to risks and returns that are different from those of other segments. Segment information is
presented in respect of the Company’s business and geographical segments. The Company’s primary format for segment
reporting is based on business segments. The business segments are determined based on the Company’s management
and internal reporting structure.
Segment results, assets and liabilities include items directly attributable to a segment as well as those that can be allocated
on a reasonable basis. Unallocated items comprise mainly other investments and related revenue, loans and borrowings
and related expenses, corporate assets (primarily the Company’s headquarters) and head office expenses. Segment
capital expenditure is the total cost incurred during the period to acquire property, plant and equipment.

(q) Government grants
Government grants are recognized when there is reasonable assurance that they will be received and that the Company
will comply with conditions attached to the grant. Government grants for compensation of expenses are deducted from
the related expense on a systematic basis in the periods in which the original expenses are recognized in profit or loss.
Government grants related to assets are deducted in arriving at the assets carrying value. The grant is recognized in profit
or loss over the life of a depreciable asset as a reduced depreciation expense.


4. SEGMENT REPORTING


(a) Business segments
The Company has four reportable segments, as described below, which are the Company’s main business units. The
business units offer different products and services and are managed separately as they require different technology and
marketing strategies. For each of the business units, the Company’s CEO, the chief operating decision maker, reviews
internal management reports regularly.
The Company’s reportable segments are the following:
• CCL is a converter of pressure sensitive and specialty extruded film materials for a wide range of decorative, instructional,
  functional and security applications for government institutions and large global customers in the consumer packaging,
  healthcare & chemicals, consumer electronic device and automotive markets. Extruded & laminated plastic tubes,
  aluminum aerosols & specialty bottles, folded instructional leaflets, precision decorated & die cut components,
  electronic displays, polymer banknote substrate and other complementary products and services are sold in parallel to
  specific end-use markets.
• Avery is a supplier of labels, specialty converted media and software solutions to enable short-run digital printing in
  businesses and homes alongside complementary office products sold through distributors and mass-market retailers.
  The products are split into three primary lines: (1) Printable Media, including address labels, shipping labels, marketing
  and product identification labels, business cards, and name badges supported by customized software solutions;
  (2) Organizational Products Group, including binders, sheet protectors, indexes & dividers and writing instruments;
  (3) Direct-to-Consumer digitally imaged media, including labels, business cards, name badges, event badges, wristbands
  and family-oriented identification labels supported by unique web-enabled e-commerce URLs.
• Checkpoint is a manufacturer of technology-driven loss-prevention, inventory-management and labeling solutions,
  including radio frequency and radio frequency identification (“RFID”) solutions, to the retail and apparel industry. The
  Segment has three primary product lines: Merchandise Availability Solutions (“MAS”), Apparel Labeling Solutions (“ALS”)
  and “Meto.” The MAS line focuses on electronic-article-surveillance (“EAS”) systems; hardware, software, labels and tags
  for loss prevention and inventory control systems including RFID solutions. ALS products are apparel labels and tags,
  some of which are RFID capable. Meto supplies hand-held pricing tools and labels and promotional in-store displays.
• Innovia supplies specialty, high-performance, multi-layer, surface-engineered biaxially oriented polypropylene (“BOPP”)
  films from facilities in Australia, Belgium, Mexico, Poland and the United Kingdom (“U.K.”) to customers in the pressure-
  sensitive label materials, flexible packaging and consumer packaged goods industries worldwide. Additionally, a small
  percentage of the total volume is sold internally to CCL Secure while two smaller film facilities, in Germany and the U.S.,
  produce almost their entire output for CCL Label.




                                                                                                       2022 Annual Report   67
N O T E S T O T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)




                                                                                                         Sales                              Operating Income

                                                                                  2022                  2021                    2022                   2021
CCL                                                                    $      3,855.1            $    3,498.2       $           599.8       $         545.8
Avery                                                                           913.6                   708.9                   167.6                 148.8
Checkpoint                                                                      818.7                   772.5                   118.9                 115.5
Innovia                                                                         794.8                   753.2                    48.1                  81.2
                                                                       $      6,382.2            $    5,732.8       $           934.4       $         891.3
Corporate expenses                                                                                                           (71.8)                   (60.6)
Restructuring and other items                                                                                                (11.7)                    (4.4)
Earnings in equity-accounted investments                                                                                      19.9                     11.2
Finance cost                                                                                                                 (72.2)                   (59.4)
Finance income                                                                                                                12.9                      7.7
Interest on lease liabilities                                                                                                 (5.5)                    (5.2)
Income tax expense                                                                                                          (183.3)                  (181.5)
Net earnings                                                                                                        $           622.7       $         599.1

                                                                                                                 Depreciation                         Capital
                                                      Total Assets                Total Liabilities          and Amortization                    Expenditures

December 31                                 2022           2021            2022            2021         2022            2021            2022           2021
CCL                                    $ 4,290.6 $ 3,919.6           $ 1,178.6       $ 1,088.9        $ 234.5      $ 226.5         $ 322.9         $ 230.6
Avery                                    1,102.7     827.1               293.8           266.7           37.2         25.4            38.0            14.7
Checkpoint                               1,117.7   1,101.8               445.0           538.4           43.0         39.5            50.8            31.5
Innovia                                  1,157.2   1,167.0               304.5           300.7           49.0         49.4            35.4            47.0
Equity-accounted investments                79.5      68.4                  —               —              —            —               —               —
Corporate                                916.7       543.9             2,177.3         1,686.1            1.6          1.6             0.1              —
Total                                 $ 8,664.4      $ 7,627.8       $ 4,399.2       $ 3,880.8        $ 365.3      $ 342.4         $ 447.2         $ 323.8

All revenues are from products and services transferred at a point in time, except $72.9 million for the year ended
December 31, 2022 (December 31, 2021 – $76.3 million), which are for installation and maintenance service arrangements
within the Checkpoint Segment.

(b) Geographical segments
The CCL, Avery, Checkpoint and Innovia Segments are managed on a worldwide basis but operate in the following
geographical areas:
• Canada;
• United States and Puerto Rico;
• Mexico, Brazil, Chile and Argentina;
• Europe; and
• Asia, Australia, Africa and New Zealand.
                                                                                                                                           Property, Plant and
                                                                                                                                         Equipment, Goodwill
                                                                                                         Sales                           and Intangible Assets

                                                                                  2022                  2021                    2022                   2021
Canada                                                                 $        152.7            $      134.3       $         71.1          $          70.8
United States and Puerto Rico                                                 2,565.6                 2,252.2              1,938.9                  1,759.7
Mexico, Brazil, Chile and Argentina                                             709.6                   487.8                755.6                    566.1
Europe                                                                        1,879.2                 1,819.7              1,831.6                  1,716.5
Asia, Australia, Africa and New Zealand                                       1,075.1                 1,038.8                826.9                    763.4
Consolidated                                                           $      6,382.2            $    5,732.8       $      5,424.1          $       4,876.5

The geographical segment is determined based on the location from which the sale is made.


68       2022 Annual Report
5.   AC Q U I S I T I O N S


(a) Acquisitions in 2022
In January 2022, the Company acquired privately owned McGavigan Holdings Ltd. (“McGavigan”), headquarted in
Glasgow, Scotland and with significant manufacturing operations in China, for $103.6 million net of cash acquired and
debt assumed. McGavigan is a leading supplier of “in mould” decorated components for automotive interiors and is an
integral part of CCL Design.
The following table summarizes the allocation of the consideration to the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities
assumed for the McGavigan acquisition:

Cash consideration, net of cash acquired                                                                         $         94.3
Assumed debt                                                                                                                9.3
                                                                                                                 $        103.6
Trade and other receivables                                                                                      $         14.7
Inventories                                                                                                                 6.8
Property, plant and equipment                                                                                              23.2
Right-of-use assets                                                                                                        10.2
Goodwill                                                                                                                   51.7
Intangible assets                                                                                                          17.5
Deferred tax assets                                                                                                         3.7
Trade and other payables                                                                                                  (11.5)
Income taxes payable                                                                                                       (0.9)
Lease liabilities                                                                                                          (7.5)
Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                   (4.3)
Net assets acquired                                                                                              $        103.6

Goodwill is comprised of the excess fair value of the consideration paid over the fair value of the net assets acquired.
Factors that make up the amount of goodwill recognized include expected synergies and employee knowledge of
operations. The total amount of goodwill for McGavigan is $51.7 million, which is not deductible for tax purposes.
In April 2022, the Company acquired Adelbras Indústria e Comércio de Adesivos Ltda. and Amazon Tape Indústria e
Comércio de Fitas Adesivas Ltda. (collectively “Adelbras”) headquartered in Vinhedo near São Paulo, Brazil for approximately
$152.3 million net of cash and debt. Adelbras is a producer of adhesive tapes sold through retailers and distributors to
consumers and small businesses. The new business largely reports as part of Avery.
The following table summarizes the allocation of the consideration to the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities
assumed for the Adelbras acquisition:

Cash consideration, net of cash acquired                                                                         $        139.8
Assumed debt                                                                                                               12.5
                                                                                                                 $        152.3
Trade and other receivables                                                                                      $         16.1
Inventories                                                                                                                24.6
Prepaid expenses                                                                                                            2.5
Property, plant and equipment                                                                                              23.9
Goodwill                                                                                                                   64.5
Intangible assets                                                                                                          30.2
Trade and other payables                                                                                                   (5.9)
Income taxes payable                                                                                                       (0.2)
Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                   (3.4)
Net assets acquired                                                                                              $        152.3




                                                                                                     2022 Annual Report    69
N O T E S T O T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)




As a result of the inherent complexity associated with the valuation of net assets acquired, the determination of the fair
value of assets and liabilities acquired for Adelbras is based upon preliminary estimates and assumptions. The Company
will continue to review information prior to finalizing the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The actual
fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed may differ from the amounts noted above.
Goodwill is comprised of the excess fair value of the consideration paid over the fair value of the net assets acquired.
Factors that make up the amount of goodwill recognized include expected synergies and employee knowledge of
operations. The total amount of goodwill for Adelbras is $64.5 million, of which approximately $34.5 million is deductible
for tax purposes.
In May 2022, the Company acquired privately owned, Floramedia Group B.V. (“Floramedia”), based in Westzaan, in the
Netherlands, for approximately $53.1 million net of cash acquired. Floramedia is a European leader in horticulture media
with in-house tag and label production complemented with sales offices in seven countries. Floramedia is reported as
part of Avery.
The following table summarizes the allocation of the consideration to the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities
assumed for the Floramedia acquisition:

Cash consideration, net of cash acquired                                                                           $          53.1
Trade and other receivables                                                                                        $           9.5
Inventories                                                                                                                    6.9
Prepaid expenses                                                                                                               0.3
Property, plant and equipment                                                                                                  3.5
Right-of-use assets                                                                                                            6.4
Goodwill                                                                                                                      29.2
Intangible assets                                                                                                             20.0
Deferred tax assets                                                                                                            1.1
Trade and other payables                                                                                                      (9.0)
Income taxes payable                                                                                                          (0.7)
Lease liabilities                                                                                                             (6.7)
Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                      (6.5)
Provisions and other long-term liabilities                                                                                    (0.9)
Net assets acquired                                                                                                $          53.1

Goodwill is comprised of the excess fair value of the consideration paid over the fair value of the net assets acquired.
Factors that make up the amount of goodwill recognized include expected synergies and employee knowledge of
operations. The total amount of goodwill for Floramedia is $29.2 million, which is not deductible for tax purposes.
The following table summarizes the combined sales and net earnings that the newly acquired McGavigan, Adelbras and
Floramedia have contributed to the Company for the current reporting period.

                                                                                                                Twelve Months Ended
                                                                                                             December 31, 2022
Sales                                                                                                              $        130.9
Net earnings                                                                                                       $           0.9




70       2022 Annual Report
(b) Pro forma information
The pro forma consolidated financial information below has been prepared following the accounting policies of the
Company as if the acquisitions took place on January 1, 2022.
The pro forma consolidated financial information has been presented for illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily
indicative of the results of operations and financial position that would have been achieved had the pro forma events taken
place on the dates indicated, or the future consolidated results of operations or financial position of the consolidated
company. Future results may vary significantly from the pro forma results presented.
The historical consolidated financial information has been adjusted in preparing the pro forma consolidated financial
information to give effect to events that are: (i) directly attributable to the acquisitions; (ii) factually supportable; and
(iii) with respect to revenues and earnings, expected to have a continuing impact on the results of CCL Industries Inc. As
such, the impact from acquisition-related expenses is not included in the accompanying pro forma consolidated financial
information. The pro forma consolidated financial information does not reflect any cost savings (or associated costs to
achieve such savings) from operating efficiencies, synergies or other restructuring that could result from the acquisitions.
The following table summarizes the sales and net earnings of the Company combined with McGavigan, Adelbras and
Floramedia as though the acquisitions took place on January 1, 2022:

                                                                                                             Twelve Months Ended
                                                                                                          December 31, 2022
Sales                                                                                                            $        6,446.4
Net earnings                                                                                                     $         629.0

(c) Acquisitions in 2021
In April 2021, the Company acquired the assets of Europack Packaging and Fluid Management GmbH (“Europack”) for
approximately $0.9 million. Europack was added to the CCL Segment.
In May 2021, the Company acquired privately held Lux Global Label Asia Pte. Ltd. (“LUX”), based in Singapore for
approximately $9.4 million, net of cash. LUX produces decorative labels for global consumer product customers in the
ASEAN region. LUX now trades as “CCL Label Singapore.”
In July 2021, the Company acquired privately owned Plum Paper LLC (“Plum”), based in California, U.S. for approximately
$26.3 million, net of cash acquired. Plum is a leading supplier of personalized planners and is part of Avery’s growing
direct-to-consumer business.
In July 2021, the Company acquired the Uniter Group of companies (“Uniter”), based in A Coruña, Spain, with operations in
Europe, Asia and North Africa for approximately $50.4 million, including debt assumed and net of cash acquired. Uniter’s
five factories are part of the Checkpoint Apparel Labeling Solutions business.
In December 2021, the Company acquired Desarrollo e Investigación S.A. de C.V. and Fuzetouch PTE LTD (Singapore)
(collectively “D&F”) headquartered in San Luis Potosi, Mexico, for approximately $51.3 million net of cash acquired. D&F
is a leading supplier of graphic interface control panels and assemblies and now trades as “CCL Design”.
In December 2021, the Company acquired Forever Blue Investimentos e Participacoes S. A. (d.b.a. “Tecnoblu”),
headquartered in Blumenau, Brazil for $17.7 million net of cash and debt. Tecnoblu is now a part of the Checkpoint Apparel
Labeling Solutions business.
In December 2021, the Company acquired the pharmaceutical leaflet printing press and customer list from the Laramara
Foundation (“Laramara”) in São Paulo, Brazil for $0.8 million. These assets were added to the CCL Segment.
In December 2021, the Company acquired Lodging Access Systems, LLC, (“LAS”), based in Florida, U.S. for $26.4 million,
net of cash acquired. LAS is a leading supplier of digitally printed and encoded RFID key cards, wrist bands and key fobs
for access controls. LAS further expands Avery’s direct-to-consumer business.




                                                                                                     2022 Annual Report       71
N O T E S T O T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)




In December 2021, the Company acquired International Master Products Corporation (“IMP”), based in Michigan, U.S., for
$70.8 million net of cash acquired. IMP is a leading provider of labels and tags for the U.S. horticulture industry through
digitally enabled design software, expanding Avery’s direct-to-consumer business.
The following table summarizes the allocation of the consideration to the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities
assumed for the Europack, LUX, Plum, Uniter, D&F, Tecnoblu, Laramara, LAS and IMP acquisitions:

Cash consideration, net of cash acquired                                                                                $      243.8
Assumed debt                                                                                                                    10.2
                                                                                                                        $      254.0
Trade and other receivables                                                                                             $       31.5
Inventories                                                                                                                     17.9
Other current assets                                                                                                             2.2
Property, plant and equipment                                                                                                   32.4
Right-of-use assets                                                                                                              4.6
Goodwill                                                                                                                       128.8
Intangible assets                                                                                                               67.0
Deferred tax assets                                                                                                              0.5
Trade and other payables                                                                                                       (16.0)
Income taxes payable                                                                                                            (4.3)
Lease liabilities                                                                                                               (4.5)
Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                        (5.1)
Provisions and other long-term liabilities                                                                                      (1.0)
Net assets acquired                                                                                                     $      254.0

Goodwill is comprised of the excess fair value of the consideration paid over the fair value of the net assets acquired.
Factors that make up the amount of goodwill recognized include expected synergies and employee knowledge of
operations. The total amount of goodwill and intangible assets for Europack, LUX, Plum Paper, Uniter, D&F, Laramara,
Tecnoblu, IMP and LAS is $195.8 million, $148.1 million which is deductible for tax purposes.


6. C A S H A N D C A S H E Q U I VA L E N T S

                                                                                                         December 31,   December 31,
                                                                                                                2022           2021
Bank balances                                                                                            $      755.3   $      584.1
Restricted cash                                                                                                   8.0            8.0
Short-term investments                                                                                           76.2           10.0
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                $      839.5   $      602.1


7.   T R A D E A N D OT H E R R E C E I VA B L E S

                                                                                                         December 31,   December 31,
                                                                                                                2022           2021
Trade receivables                                                                                        $      974.4   $      948.4
Other receivables                                                                                               126.1          135.4
Trade and other receivables                                                                              $    1,100.5   $    1,083.8




72       2022 Annual Report
8 . I N V E N TO R I E S

                                                                                             December 31,          December 31,
                                                                                                    2022                  2021
Raw material                                                                                 $          370.4       $        305.4
Work in progress                                                                                         71.0                 67.8
Finished goods                                                                                          343.7                304.1
Total inventories                                                                            $          785.1       $        677.3

The total amount of inventories recognized as an expense in 2022 was $4,667.0 million (2021 – $4,140.7 million), including
depreciation of $298.2 million (2021 – $284.0 million).


9. E Q U I T Y-AC C O U N T E D I N V E S T M E N T S

Summary financial information for equity-accounted investments, including joint ventures and associates, not adjusted
for the percentage ownership held by the Company, is as follows:
                                                                                                          At December 31, 2022

                                                                               Associates        Joint Ventures               Total

Net earnings                                                              $         20.1     $           19.7       $        39.8
Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                    0.3                 (5.0)               (4.7)
Total comprehensive income                                                $         20.4     $           14.7       $        35.1
Carrying amount of investments in associates and joint ventures           $         41.3     $           38.2       $        79.5

                                                                                                          At December 31, 2021
                                                                                Associates       Joint Ventures               Total

Net earnings                                                              $           6.2    $           16.3       $         22.5
Other comprehensive loss                                                               —                 (5.5)                (5.5)
Total comprehensive income                                                $           6.2    $           10.8       $         17.0
Carrying amount of investments in associates and joint ventures           $         31.1     $           37.3       $         68.4




                                                                                                        2022 Annual Report     73
N O T E S T O T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)




1 0. P R O P E R T Y, P L A N T A N D E Q U I P M E N T

                                                                                                 Machinery         Fixtures,
                                                                             Land and                  and          Fittings
                                                                             Buildings           Equipment        and Other           Total

Cost
Balance at January 1, 2021                                            $        914.3        $      2,717.5    $       49.9     $   3,681.7
Acquisitions through business combinations                                      11.1                  20.7             0.6            32.4
Other additions                                                                 15.9                 305.3             2.6           323.8
Other movements                                                                 10.2                 (47.1)           (1.1)          (38.0)
Disposals                                                                       (5.9)                (33.7)           (0.6)          (40.2)
Effect of movements in exchange rates                                          (32.6)                (97.0)           (2.3)         (131.9)
Balance at December 31, 2021                                          $        913.0        $      2,865.7    $       49.1     $   3,827.8
Acquisitions through business combinations                                       26.9                 22.6             1.1           50.6
Other additions                                                                  43.3                399.0             4.9          447.2
Other movements                                                                   8.9                (28.3)            0.5          (18.9)
Disposals                                                                       (12.8)               (40.8)           (1.2)         (54.8)
Effect of movements in exchange rates                                            35.7                135.3             1.8          172.8
Balance at December 31, 2022                                          $      1,015.0        $     3,353.5     $       56.2     $   4,424.7
Accumulated depreciation
Balance at January 1, 2021                                            $        266.4        $      1,501.6    $       31.0     $   1,799.0
Depreciation for the year                                                       35.5                 205.4             4.4           245.3
Other movements                                                                 (1.8)                (30.8)           (1.6)          (34.2)
Disposals                                                                       (1.7)                (27.0)           (0.5)          (29.2)
Effect of movements in exchange rates                                           (9.8)                (52.0)           (1.6)          (63.4)
Balance at December 31, 2021                                          $        288.6        $      1,597.2    $       31.7     $   1,917.5
Depreciation for the year                                                        37.4                215.4             4.3          257.1
Other movements                                                                  (2.6)               (17.3)           (0.2)         (20.1)
Disposals                                                                        (4.2)               (35.4)           (1.2)         (40.8)
Effect of movements in exchange rates                                            13.5                 83.9             1.3           98.7
Balance at December 31, 2022                                          $        332.7        $     1,843.8     $       35.9     $   2,212.4
Carrying amounts
At December 31, 2021                                                  $        624.4        $     1,268.5     $       17.4     $   1,910.3
At December 31, 2022                                                  $        682.3        $     1,509.7     $       20.3     $   2,212.3




74       2022 Annual Report
11. LEASES


(a) Right-of-use assets
Right-of-use assets related to leased properties that do not meet the definition of investment property are presented as
property, plant and equipment (see note 10).
                                                                                        Machinery          Fixtures,
                                                                      Land and                and           Fittings
                                                                      Buildings         Equipment         and Other               Total

Cost
Balance at January 1, 2021                                      $       181.6      $         14.2    $        30.1      $        225.9
Acquisitions through business combinations                                2.9                 1.5              0.2                 4.6
Other additions                                                          19.3                 2.7              9.2                31.2
Other movements                                                         (10.7)               (4.3)            (4.1)              (19.1)
Effect of movements in exchange rates                                    (6.7)               (0.3)            (1.7)               (8.7)
Balance at December 31, 2021                                    $       186.4      $         13.8    $        33.7      $        233.9
Acquisitions through business combinations                               11.5                 4.6              0.5                16.6
Other additions                                                          46.0                 5.3             10.3                61.6
Other movements                                                         (17.1)               (4.2)            (7.4)              (28.7)
Effect of movements in exchange rates                                     5.8                 0.9              0.9                 7.6
Balance at December 31, 2022                                    $       232.6      $        20.4     $        38.0      $        291.0
Accumulated depreciation
Balance at January 1, 2021                                      $        45.6      $          7.1    $        14.8      $         67.5
Depreciation for the year                                                26.5                 4.0              9.1                39.6
Other movements                                                          (8.5)               (2.6)            (5.0)              (16.1)
Effect of movements in exchange rates                                    (1.8)               (0.1)            (0.7)               (2.6)
Balance at December 31, 2021                                    $        61.8      $          8.4    $        18.2      $         88.4
Depreciation for the year                                                29.7                 3.5              8.9                42.1
Other movements                                                         (15.1)               (1.2)            (7.1)              (23.4)
Effect of movements in exchange rates                                     2.7                 0.5              0.5                 3.7
Balance at December 31, 2022                                    $        79.1      $        11.2     $        20.5      $        110.8
Carrying amounts
At December 31, 2021                                            $       124.6      $          5.4    $        15.5      $        145.5
At December 31, 2022                                            $       153.5      $          9.2    $        17.5      $        180.2

(b) Amounts recognized in the consolidated income statements and statements of cash flows
                                                                                                     December 31,      December 31,
                                                                                                            2022              2021
Interest expense on lease liabilities                                                                $         5.5      $          5.2
Expenses relating to short-term leases                                                               $         5.3      $          4.7
Expenses relating to leases of low-value assets, excluding short-term leases of low-value assets     $         0.5      $          0.5
Total cash outflow for leases                                                                        $        53.2      $         46.5




                                                                                                            2022 Annual Report     75
N O T E S T O T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)




1 2 . I N TA N G I B L E A S S E T S

                                                                               Patents,
                                                        Customer           Trademarks
                                                     Relationships          and Other                Brands              Total         Goodwill

Cost
Balance at January 1, 2021                       $         710.1      $        188.7        $        432.3       $    1,331.1    $    1,918.5
Acquisitions through
  business combinations                                     69.2                  0.5                      —             69.7           116.7
Effect of movements in exchange rates                      (21.9)                (7.8)                   (9.1)          (38.8)          (60.1)
Balance at December 31, 2021                     $         757.4               181.4                 423.2            1,362.0         1,975.1
Acquisitions through
  business combinations                                     62.0                  5.7                      —             67.7           145.4
Effect of movements in exchange rates                       18.1                 (1.8)                   18.3            34.6            73.0
Balance at December 31, 2022                     $        837.5       $        185.3        $       441.5        $    1,464.3    $    2,193.5
Accumulated amortization
Balance at January 1, 2021                       $         262.6      $          60.9       $             —      $      323.5    $          —
Amortization for the year                                   46.4                 11.1                     —              57.5               —
Effect of movements in exchange rates                       (8.0)                (2.1)                    —             (10.1)              —
Balance at December 31, 2021                     $         301.0      $          69.9       $             —      $      370.9    $          —
Amortization for the year                                   53.8                 12.3                     —              66.1               —
Effect of movements in exchange rates                        9.0                   —                      —               9.0               —
Balance at December 31, 2022                     $        363.8       $          82.2       $             —      $      446.0    $          —
Carrying amounts
At December 31, 2021                             $        456.4       $        111.5        $       423.2        $      991.1    $    1,975.1
At December 31, 2022                             $        473.7       $        103.1        $       441.5        $    1,018.3    $    2,193.5


1 3 . G O O DW I L L A N D I N D E F I N I T E - L I F E I N TA N G I B L E A S S E T S


Impairment testing for cash-generating units containing goodwill and indefinite-life intangible assets
For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill and indefinite-life intangible assets are allocated to the Company’s
operating segments, which represent the lowest level within the Company at which goodwill is monitored for internal
management purposes.
The aggregate carrying amounts of goodwill and indefinite-life intangible assets allocated to each unit are as follows:
                                                                                                                 December 31,    December 31,
                                                                                                                        2022            2021
Goodwill
 CCL                                                                                                             $    1,234.4    $    1,160.6
 Avery                                                                                                                  357.2           240.3
 Checkpoint                                                                                                             256.2           241.1
 Innovia                                                                                                                345.7           333.1
                                                                                                                 $    2,193.5    $    1,975.1
Indefinite-life intangible assets – brands
  Avery                                                                                                          $      198.8    $      187.6
  Checkpoint                                                                                                            189.7           180.3
  Innovia                                                                                                                53.1            55.4
                                                                                                                 $      441.6    $      423.3




76       2022 Annual Report
Impairment testing for goodwill and indefinite-life intangible assets was done by a comparison of the asset’s carrying
amount to its estimated value in use, determined by discounting the CGU future cash flows. Key assumptions used in the
determination of the value in use include growth rates of 3% to 5% and pre-tax discount rates of 10% to 12%. Discount rates
reflect current market assumptions and risks related to the CGUs and are based upon the weighted average cost of capital.
The Company’s historical growth rates are used as the basis in determining the growth rate applied for impairment testing.
The Company completed its impairment testing as at September 30, 2022.
The estimated values in use of CCL, Avery, Checkpoint and Innovia CGUs exceeded their carrying values. As a result, no
goodwill and indefinite-life intangible assets impairment was recorded during 2022. However, for the Innovia CGU, the
estimated value in use was close to the carrying value. Therefore, any adverse movement in key assumptions, including
discount rates, could lead to impairment in future periods.


1 4 . T R A D E A N D OT H E R PAYA B L E S

                                                                                            December 31,       December 31,
                                                                                                   2022               2021
Trade payables                                                                              $       886.1       $         782.2
Other payables                                                                                      508.3                 539.3
Trade and other payables                                                                    $     1,394.4       $        1,321.5


1 5. D E F E R R E D TA X


(a) Unrecognized deferred tax assets
Deferred tax assets have not been recognized in respect of the following items:
                                                                                            December 31,       December 31,
                                                                                                   2022               2021
Deductible temporary differences                                                            $         7.4       $           8.1
Tax losses                                                                                           59.3                  58.4
Income tax credits                                                                                     —                    1.1
                                                                                            $        66.7       $          67.6

The unrecognized deferred tax assets on tax losses of $8.7 million will expire between 2023 and 2032, $8.7 million will
expire beyond 2032, and $41.9 million may be carried forward indefinitely. The deductible temporary differences do not
expire under current tax legislation. Deferred tax assets have not been recognized in respect of these items because it is
not probable that future taxable income will be available against which the Company can utilize the benefits therefrom.




                                                                                                    2022 Annual Report       77
N O T E S T O T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)




(b) Recognized deferred tax assets and liabilities
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are attributable to the following:
                                                           Assets                                  Liabilities                       Net (Assets) Liabilities

                          December 31,          December 31,         December 31,          December 31,          December 31,            December 31,
                                 2022                  2021                 2022                  2021                  2022                    2021
Property, plant
  and equipment         $               9.1      $          1.8       $        133.9        $        127.1       $         124.8         $           125.3
Intangible assets                        —                   —                 291.2                 275.7                 291.2                     275.7
Derivatives                             0.1                  —                   8.3                   7.2                   8.2                       7.2
Inventory reserves                     17.6                14.8                  0.5                   0.4                 (17.1)                    (14.4)
Employee benefit plans                 67.9                79.9                  0.7                    —                  (67.2)                    (79.9)
Share-based payments                   11.6                 8.0                   —                     —                  (11.6)                     (8.0)
Capitalized research
  and development                       9.3                 3.8                     —                     —                  (9.3)                    (3.8)
Provisions and other items             62.7                58.0                    5.0                   8.5                (57.7)                   (49.5)
Tax loss carry-forwards                21.1                13.7                     —                     —                 (21.1)                   (13.7)
Balance before offset                199.4                180.0                439.6                 418.9                 240.2                     238.9
Offset of tax                       (127.9)              (132.3)              (127.9)               (132.3)                    —                         —
Balance after offset       $           71.5      $         47.7       $        311.7        $        286.6       $         240.2         $           238.9
                                                                                                                        Recognized
                                  Balance at          Recognized                                                          in Other             Balance at
                          December 31, 2021            in Income                                 Translation         Comprehensive     December 31, 2022
                            Liability (Asset)          Statement           Acquisitions          and Others          Income/Equity       Liability (Asset)

Property, plant
  and equipment         $             125.3      $          (2.6)     $          (0.2)      $             2.3    $             —         $           124.8
Intangible assets                     275.7                 (2.3)                11.9                     5.9                  —                     291.2
Derivatives                             7.2                  6.1                   —                      0.1                (5.2)                     8.2
Inventory reserves                    (14.4)                (1.6)                  —                     (1.1)                 —                     (17.1)
Employee benefit plans                (79.9)                (1.8)                  —                     (2.3)               16.8                    (67.2)
Share-based payments                   (8.0)                (3.6)                  —                      0.1                (0.1)                   (11.6)
Capitalized research
  and development                      (3.8)                (5.0)                   —                    (0.5)                 —                      (9.3)
Provisions and other items            (49.5)                (9.7)                 (2.3)                   3.8                  —                     (57.7)
Tax loss carry-forwards               (13.7)                (7.1)                   —                    (0.3)                 —                     (21.1)
                           $          238.9      $        (27.6)      $            9.4      $            8.0     $           11.5        $           240.2




78       2022 Annual Report
                                                                                                                  Recognized
                                      Balance at        Recognized                                                  in Other            Balance at
                              December 31, 2020          in Income                           Translation       Comprehensive    December 31, 2021
                                Liability (Asset)        Statement        Acquisitions       and Others        Income/Equity      Liability (Asset)

Property, plant
  and equipment         $                 121.7     $         5.1     $           0.1    $         (1.6)   $             —       $         125.3
Intangible assets                         267.6               8.3                 5.0              (5.2)                 —                 275.7
Derivatives                                 1.3              (0.9)                 —                0.1                 6.7                  7.2
Inventory reserves                        (13.6)             (0.9)               (0.1)              0.2                  —                 (14.4)
Employee benefit plans                    (78.9)            (12.8)               (0.3)               —                 12.1                (79.9)
Share-based payments                       (4.2)             (2.3)                 —               (0.1)               (1.4)                (8.0)
Capitalized research
  and development                          (5.9)               2.0                 —                0.1                  —                   (3.8)
Provisions and other items                (49.8)              (4.1)              (0.4)              4.8                  —                  (49.5)
Tax loss carry-forwards                   (10.1)              (4.1)                —                0.5                  —                  (13.7)
                               $          228.1     $         (9.7)   $           4.3    $         (1.2)   $           17.4      $         238.9

The aggregate amount of temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries and joint ventures for which
deferred tax liabilities were not recognized as at December 31, 2022, is $3,174.4 million (2021 – $2,903.9 million).
The aggregate amount of temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries and joint ventures for which
deferred tax assets were not recognized as at December 31, 2022, is $44.2 million (2021 – $18.1 million).


1 6. S H A R E C A P I TA L

                                                           Class A                               Class B
Shares issued (in millions)                                 Shares           Amount              Shares              Amount                  Total

Balance, January 1, 2021                                      11.8    $           4.5            167.4     $          392.3      $         396.8
Stock options exercised                                         —                  —               0.9                 61.8                 61.8
Director share units exercised                                  —                  —                 *                  0.5                  0.5
Restricted share units exercised                                —                  —               0.1                  3.0                  3.0
Balance, December 31, 2021                                    11.8                4.5           168.4                457.6                 462.1
Repurchase of shares                                            —                  —             (3.4)                (9.3)                 (9.3)
Stock options exercised                                         —                  —              0.1                  6.6                   6.6
Director share units exercised                                  —                  —                *                  0.1                   0.1
Restricted share units exercised                                —                  —              0.1                  5.3                   5.3
Long-term retention units exercised                             —                  —                *                  3.6                   3.6
Balance, December 31, 2022                                    11.8    $           4.5           165.2      $         463.9       $         468.4

*   Number of Class B non-voting shares issued was nominal.


At December 31, 2022, the authorized share capital comprised an unlimited number of Class A voting shares and an
unlimited number of Class B non-voting shares. The Class A and Class B shares have no par value. All issued shares are
fully paid. Both Class A and Class B shares are classified as equity.
In May 2022, the Company renewed its share repurchase program under a normal course issuer bid to purchase up to
14.5 million Class B non-voting shares, approximately 8.8% of outstanding Class B non-voting shares of the Company.
During 2022, the Company acquired 3,392,680 of its Class B shares for cancellation at an average price of $58.95 per
share. The excess of the purchase price over the paid-up capital was charged to retained earnings.

(a) Class A
The holders of Class A shares receive dividends set at $0.01 per share per annum less than Class B shares; they are entitled
to one vote per share at meetings of the Company, and their shares are convertible at any time into Class B shares.




                                                                                                                     2022 Annual Report       79
N O T E S T O T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)




(b) Class B
Class B shares rank equally in all material respects with Class A shares, except as follows:
(i) Holders of Class B shares are entitled to receive material and attend, but not to vote at, regular shareholder meetings.
(ii) Holders of Class B shares are entitled to voting privileges when, under a takeover bid when voting control has been
     acquired, consideration for the Class A shares exceeds 115% of the market price of the Class B shares.
(iii) Holders of Class B shares are entitled to receive, or have set aside for payment, dividends declared by the Board of
      Directors from time to time, set at $0.01 per share per annum greater than Class A shares.

(c) Dividends
The annual dividends per share were as follows:
                                                                                                                     2022             2021
Class A share                                                                                                 $       0.95     $       0.83
Class B share                                                                                                 $       0.96     $       0.84


1 7. E A R N I N G S P E R S H A R E


Basic earnings per share
The calculation of basic earnings per share for the year ended December 31, 2022, was based on profit attributable to
Class A shares of $41.2 million (2021 – $39.3 million) and Class B shares of $581.5 million (2021 – $559.8 million) and a
weighted average number of Class A shares outstanding of 11.8 million (2021 –11.8 million) and Class B shares outstanding
of 166.2 million (2021 – 167.9 million).

Weighted average number of shares (in millions)
                                                                                                     2022                             2021
                                                                               Class A              Class B          Class A          Class B
                                                                                Shares              Shares            Shares          Shares

Issued and outstanding shares at January 1                                      11.8                168.4             11.8            167.4
Effect of stock options exercised                                                 —                    —                —               0.5
Effect of restricted share units exercised                                        —                   0.1               —                —
Effect of repurchase of shares                                                    —                  (2.3)              —                —
Weighted average number of shares at December 31                                11.8                166.2             11.8            167.9

Diluted earnings per share
The calculation of diluted earnings per share for the year ended December 31, 2022, was based on profit attributable
to Class A shares of $40.9 million (2021 – $39.1 million) and Class B shares of $581.8 million (2021 – $560.0 million) and
a diluted weighted average number of Class A shares outstanding of 11.8 million (2021 –11.8 million) and Class B shares
outstanding of 167.4 million (2021 –169.1 million).

Weighted average number of shares – diluted (in millions)
                                                                                                              December 31,     December 31,
                                                                                                                     2022             2021
Weighted average number of shares (basic)                                                                            178.0            179.7
Effect of deferred share units on issue                                                                                0.2              0.2
Effect of share-based compensation                                                                                     1.0              1.0
Weighted average number of shares (diluted)                                                                          179.2            180.9

The average market value of the Company’s shares for purposes of calculating the dilutive effect of share options was
based on quoted market prices for the year that the options were outstanding.




80       2022 Annual Report
1 8 . LOA N S A N D B O R R OW I N G S

                                                                                               December 31,       December 31,
                                                                                                      2022               2021
Current liabilities
Current portion of other loans (iv)                                                            $         6.6       $          15.3
Current portion of unsecured bank credit facilities (ii)                                                  —                     —
                                                                                               $         6.6       $          15.3
Short-term operating credit lines available (v)                                                $        14.0       $          10.9
Short-term operating credit lines used                                                         $          —        $            0.4
Non-current liabilities
Unsecured syndicated bank credit facilities (i)                                                $       394.1       $            9.5
Unsecured notes (iii)                                                                                1,779.5                1,676.7
Other loans (iv)                                                                                         2.0                    5.2
                                                                                               $     2,175.6       $        1,691.4

(i)   Unsecured syndicated bank credit facilities
As at December 31, 2022, the Company had an unsecured US$1.2 billion revolving credit facility with a syndicate of banks.
The facility bears interest at the applicable benchmark interest rate, plus an interest rate margin linked to the Company’s
net debt to EBITDA. Borrowings under the facility were $238.0 million (CDOR plus 1.0%), US$67.5 million ($91.5 million;
Term SOFR plus 1.0%), €46.0 million ($66.7 million; EURIBOR plus 1.0%) and $1.8 million of contingent letters of credit
drawn on this syndicated bank credit facility.
As at December 31, 2021, $11.0 million (CDOR plus 1.0%) and $3.5 million of contingent letters of credit were drawn on
this syndicated bank credit facility.
In February 2020, this facility was amended, extending the maturity from March 29, 2023, to February 28, 2025. In
May 2022, this facility was again amended, extending the maturity an additional two years to February 2027.
As at December 31, 2020, the Company had an unsecured US$161.0 million ($204.9 million; LIBOR plus 0.75%)
non-revolving term loan facility with a syndicate of banks that bore interest at the applicable domestic rate, plus an interest
rate margin linked to the Company’s net debt to EBITDA. This facility was fully repaid October 29, 2021.
The unused portion of the revolving syndicated bank credit facility was US$906.4 million at December 31, 2022
(December 31, 2021 – US$1,188.5 million).
As at December 31, 2022, transaction costs related to the unsecured syndicated bank credit facilities were $2.1 million
(December 31, 2021 – $1.5 million).

(ii) Unsecured bank credit facilities
In January 2019, the Company signed a two-year unsecured bilateral credit facility for US$35.0 million with a maturity
date of January 22, 2021, which was extended to January 22, 2022, early in 2020, and extended, again, to January 22,
2025, early in 2021. This bilateral loan incurred interest at the applicable domestic rate plus an interest rate margin and
automatically extended out an additional year on an annual basis. As of December 31, 2021, the facility was undrawn. The
facility was cancelled in March 2022.
In December 2019, the Company signed an uncommitted unsecured bilateral credit facility for A$65.0 million that incurred
interest at the applicable domestic rate plus an interest rate margin. As of December 31, 2021, the facility was undrawn.
The facility was cancelled in August 2022.




                                                                                                       2022 Annual Report       81
N O T E S T O T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)




(iii) Unsecured notes
Unsecured notes as at December 31, 2022, consisted of US$600.0 million ($806.4 million; 2021 – $750.5 million) principal
amount of 144A 3.05% private notes, offered in a private placement in the United States in May 2020, maturing June 1,
2030; $298.9 million (2021 – $298.8 million) principal amount of 3.864% Series 1 Notes, maturing April 13, 2028; and
US$500.0 million ($674.2 million; 2021 – $627.4 million) principal amount of 144A 3.25% private notes, maturing on
October 1, 2026. These notes bear interest payable semi-annually. The net proceeds of all three notes were used to partially
repay amounts borrowed under the unsecured syndicated bank credit facility.
As at December 31, 2022, the Company utilized cross-currency interest rate swap agreements (“CCIRSA”) to effectively
convert notional US$408.5 million (2021 – US$408.5 million) of the 144A 3.05% private notes into €360.0 million (2021 –
€360.0 million) 2.06% and 2.00% fixed rate debt and convert notional US$376.2 million (2021 – US$376.2 million) of the
144A 3.25% private notes into €340.0 million (2021 – €340.0 million) 1.16% and 1.23% fixed rate debt in order to hedge its
euro-based assets and cash flows (note 24(a)).

(iv) Other loans
Other loans include term bank loans at various rates and repayment terms.

(v) Operating credit lines
Interest rates charged on the credit lines are based on rates varying with Term SOFR, SONIA, EURIBOR, the prime rate and
similar market rates for other currencies.

(vi) Reconciliation of changes in liabilities arising from financing activities
Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flows were, or future cash flows will be, classified in the
consolidated statement of cash flows as financing activities. Changes in the Company’s liabilities arising from financing
activities are as follows:
                                                                                                                2022            2021
Balance at January 1                                                                                     $    1,706.7    $    1,941.2
Financing cash flows                                                                                            334.1          (233.4)
Foreign exchange                                                                                                117.0           (13.8)
Other                                                                                                            24.4            12.7
Balance at December 31                                                                                   $    2,182.2    $    1,706.7

As at December 31, 2022 and 2021, there are no assets pledged as collateral against long-term debt.


1 9. F I N A N C E I N C O M E A N D C O S T


Recognized in consolidated income statement
                                                                                                         December 31,    December 31,
                                                                                                                2022            2021
Interest expense on financial liabilities measured at amortized cost                                     $       70.6    $       58.8
Fees and interest recognized on other financial instruments                                                     (11.7)          (10.1)
Interest expense on post-employment defined benefit plans                                                        13.3            10.7
Finance cost                                                                                                     72.2            59.4
Interest income on cash and cash equivalents                                                                      5.8             2.4
Interest income on other assets                                                                                   0.2             0.2
Interest income on post-employment defined benefit plans                                                          6.9             5.1
Finance income                                                                                                   12.9             7.7
Interest expense on lease liabilities                                                                             5.5             5.2
Net finance cost recognized in consolidated income statement                                             $       64.8    $       56.9

The above finance income and cost are with respect to assets (liabilities) not at FVTPL.



82       2022 Annual Report
2 0. E M P LOY E E B E N E F I T S

                                                                                               December 31,       December 31,
                                                                                                      2022               2021
Present value of wholly unfunded defined benefit obligations                                   $       240.4       $        275.7
Present value of partially funded defined benefit obligations                                          314.0                506.9
Total present value of obligations                                                                     554.4                 782.6
Fair value of plan assets                                                                             (298.6)               (468.7)
Irrecoverable surplus due to asset ceiling                                                               2.1                    —
Recognized liability for defined benefit obligations                                                   257.9                313.9
Liability for long-service leave and jubilee plans                                                      14.7                 15.4
Total employee benefits                                                                                272.6                329.3
Total employee benefits reported in trade and other payables                                            15.7                 13.8
Total employee benefits reported in non-current liabilities                                    $       256.9       $        315.5

(a) Defined contribution post-employment plans
The Company sponsors defined contribution post-employment plans in Canada, the U.S., Thailand, the Netherlands and
the U.K. A post-employment plan is classified as a defined contribution plan if the Company pays fixed contributions
into a fund at a separate entity and the Company has no further obligation to pay any further contributions if the fund
does not hold sufficient assets to pay all employee benefits relating to employee service in the current and prior periods.
The expense for Company-sponsored defined contribution post-employment plans was $33.7 million in 2022 (2021 –
$31.6 million), of which $0.1 million (2021 – $0.1 million) was for key management personnel. Company contributions
into defined contribution state plans are included in the line item Compulsory social security contributions in the table
in note 21.

(b) Defined benefit post-employment plans
The Company also has defined benefit post-employment plans in various countries of the world. Although some of these
plans have elements common to defined contribution plans, the Company has accounted for these as defined benefit
plans as they are not fully funded at a separate entity.

Partially funded defined benefit obligations
The Company’s defined benefit post-employment plans are not fully funded. The obligation of these plans, net of any
assets, is recorded in non-current liabilities on the consolidated statement of financial position in employee benefits
or, for payments expected to be made within the next twelve months, in trade and other payables in current liabilities.
Fluctuations in the pension liabilities resulting from actuarial gains or losses due to changes in risk factors are recorded in
other comprehensive income. The primary partially funded plans are in Canada, the U.K., Switzerland and the Netherlands.
Details of these plans are as follows:
(i) In Canada, the Company has a registered partially funded defined benefit pension plan for seven retired executives
    and one active employee. The Company makes all required contributions to the plans. Benefits are based on employee
    earnings. An actuary is involved in measuring the obligation of the plan and in calculating the expense and any
    contributions required. The plan is closed to new members. The primary risk factors for this plan are longevity of plan
    beneficiaries, discount rate volatility for the value of the obligation and market risk on the assets. The Company has
    determined that any surplus in the plan after all obligations have been covered is fully available to the Company.
(ii) In the U.K., the Company has two registered partially funded defined benefit pension plans. The Company’s plan has no
     active members and is closed to new members. Benefits are based on final salary. All members of the plan are either
     deferred or retired and benefits are provided to spouses or dependents in the event of a member’s death before or
     after retirement. The Company is required to make payments of £0.8 million in deficit funding contributions annually.
     An actuary is involved in measuring the obligation of the plan and in calculating the expense and any contributions
     required. The primary risk factors for this plan are longevity of plan beneficiaries and discount rate volatility for the
     value of the obligation and market risk on the assets. The Company has determined that any surplus in the plan after
     all obligations have been covered is fully available to the Company.




                                                                                                       2022 Annual Report     83
N O T E S T O T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)




     On April 6, 2019, the Innovia plan was frozen. No further benefits will be earned by members in the plan and no
     contributions will be paid into the plan other than deficit funding contributions. It is closed to new members. Benefits
     are based on a member’s final pensionable salary and length of service at retirement. Benefits are provided to spouses
     in the event of a member’s death before or after retirement. The Company is required to make payments of £1.2 million in
     deficit funding contributions annually. An actuary is involved in measuring the obligation of the plan and in calculating
     the expense and any contributions required. The primary risk factors for this plan are longevity of plan beneficiaries
     and discount rate volatility for the value of the obligation and market risk on the assets. The Company has determined
     that any surplus in the plan after all obligations have been covered is available to the Company if the plan is wound
     up. However, any surplus while the plan is ongoing is under the authority of the trustees. Active members have been
     moved to a defined contribution plan.
(iii) In Switzerland, the Company provides a mandatory, legislated contribution-based cash balance plan for employees that
      is accounted for as a post-employment defined benefit plan. Benefits from the plan are paid out at retirement, disability
      or death. If an employee terminates from the Company prior to retirement, the vested benefit equal to the accumulated
      savings account balance is transferred to the pension plan of the new employer. The plan is governed by a foundation
      board that is legally responsible for the operation of the plan and includes employer and employee representation, in
      equal numbers. A legally required minimum level of retirement benefit is based on age-related savings contributions,
      an insured salary defined by law and a required rate of return set annually by the Swiss government. Contributions
      from both employers and employees are compulsory and vary according to age and salary. The primary risk factors
      for this plan are longevity of plan beneficiaries, discount rate volatility for the value of the obligation and market risk
      on the assets. Under Swiss pension law, any surplus assets technically belong to the pension plan and any reduction
      in contributions is at the discretion of the Board.
(iv) In the Netherlands, the Company provides a defined-benefit career average pay plan for a small number of employees.
     An actuary is involved in measuring the obligation of the plan. Benefits from the plan are paid through retirement and
     at death, before or during retirement, to the spouse or dependents. If a member of the plan leaves the Company,
     the member may choose to have the benefits of the plan transferred into the plan of the new employer. The benefit
     formula is based on a percentage of each year’s pensionable salary up to a set maximum salary, less a social security
     offset. Benefits are guaranteed by an insurance company and the Company is required to pay annual premiums on the
     insurance contract based on a contract interest rate. There are no employee contributions to the plan. The primary
     risk factors for this plan are longevity of plan beneficiaries and discount rate volatility. This plan was frozen as of
     December 31, 2018, and all members were moved to a defined contribution plan.
The most recent actuarial valuation for funding purposes for the executive defined pension plan in Canada was as of
January 1, 2021. The next required actuarial valuation will be as of January 1, 2024. The most recent actuarial valuation of
the two U.K. defined benefit pension plans for funding purposes were as of January 1, 2020. The next required valuation
is as of January 1, 2023.

Wholly unfunded defined benefit obligations
For defined benefit post-employment plans that have no assets, the Company simply funds the plans as benefits are paid.
The primary wholly unfunded plans are in Canada, the U.S. and Germany. Details of these plans are as follows:
(i) In Canada, the Company maintains non-registered, wholly unfunded supplemental retirement arrangements for one
    active Canadian executive, eight retired Canadian executives and two retired U.S. executives or their widows. The
    Company makes all required contributions to the plans. Benefits are based on employee earnings. An actuary is
    involved in measuring the obligation of the plans and in calculating the expense and any contributions required. The
    plans are closed to new members. The primary risk factors for these plans are longevity of plan beneficiaries and
    discount rate volatility.
(ii) In the U.S., the Company has a post-employment, wholly unfunded deferred compensation plan for designated
     executives (“NQP”). Liabilities are based strictly on the contributions made to the plan and an established rate of return
     and are not subject to actuarial adjustments. It allows executives to elect to defer specified portions of salary, cash
     bonuses and long-term incentive plan payments. The Company contributes a matching portion of the executive’s NQP
     deferred amount to a maximum of 8% of the executive’s base salary plus bonus. The Company may also contribute a
     discretionary annual Company contribution based on a percentage of base salary and annual bonus. Contributions
     to the NQP for one of the executives vest immediately. For the other executives, immediate vesting of discretionary
     Company contributions and interest occurs on death, disability or change of control, with normal vesting occurring
     at age 60 with 10 years’ service. The Company’s match portion and interest vest in the same manner as Company
     contributions in the 401k plan. Elective deferrals by the executive vest immediately.




84       2022 Annual Report
(iii) In Germany, the Company has several wholly unfunded defined benefit plans. There are four salary-based annuity
      plans that are closed to new members, but currently have approximately 90 active members. All contributions and
      benefits are funded by the Company. The primary risk factors for these plans are longevity of plan beneficiaries and
      discount rate volatility. There are also three cash balance plans for current employees. Two of those plans require the
      Company to match a specific portion of employee contributions. Upon retirement, lump sum payments are made
      unless an employee requests an annuity. The third cash balance plan has employer and employee contributions and
      pays out in three instalments upon retirement. The primary risk factor for these three plans is discount rate volatility.
(iv) The Company has wholly unfunded post-employment defined benefit plans in Austria, France, India, Italy, Mexico and
     Thailand. Benefits are paid out in a lump sum upon retirement, disability or death. There are no employee contributions
     in these plans. Benefits are based on salary and length of service with the Company.
    The following table shows the reconciliation from the opening balances to the closing balances for the defined benefit
    post-employment plans, including the defined benefit pension plans, supplemental retirement plans and other post-
    employment defined benefit plans.
                                                                                    Partially          Wholly
2022                                                                                Funded           Unfunded                 Total

Accrued benefit obligation:
 Balance, beginning of year                                                  $       506.9      $      275.7       $         782.6
 Current service cost                                                                  2.2               5.5                   7.7
 Past service cost                                                                      —                0.4                   0.4
 Interest cost                                                                         8.7               5.6                  14.3
 Employee contributions                                                                1.0               1.8                   2.8
 Benefits paid                                                                       (12.1)             (9.6)                (21.7)
 Actuarial (gains) losses – experience                                                11.1              (4.0)                  7.1
 Actuarial gains – demographic assumptions                                            (0.7)             (0.3)                 (1.0)
 Actuarial gains – financial assumptions                                            (182.8)            (40.9)               (223.7)
 Reinstatements and transfers                                                         (0.1)               —                   (0.1)
 Effect of curtailment                                                                  —               (0.4)                 (0.4)
 Settlement loss                                                                      (0.3)               —                   (0.3)
 Effect of movements in exchange rates                                               (19.9)              6.6                 (13.3)
Balance, end of year                                                         $       314.0      $      240.4       $        554.4
Plan assets:
  Fair value, beginning of year                                              $       468.7      $          —       $         468.7
  Expected return on plan assets                                                       7.9                 —                   7.9
  Actuarial losses                                                                  (152.9)                —                (152.9)
  Employee contributions                                                               1.0                 —                   1.0
  Employer contributions                                                               5.5                9.6                 15.1
  Benefits paid                                                                      (12.1)              (9.6)               (21.7)
  Administrative expenses                                                             (1.1)                —                  (1.1)
  Settlements                                                                         (0.3)                —                  (0.3)
  Effect of movements in exchange rates                                              (18.1)                —                 (18.1)
Fair value, end of year                                                      $       298.6      $         —        $        298.6
Irrecoverable surplus due to asset ceiling                                   $         (2.1)    $         —        $          (2.1)
Funded status, net deficit of plans                                          $       (17.5)     $     (240.4)      $        (257.9)
Accrued benefit liability                                                    $       (17.5)     $     (240.4)      $        (257.9)




                                                                                                       2022 Annual Report      85
N O T E S T O T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)




                                                                                                    Partially         Wholly
2021                                                                                                Funded          Unfunded         Total

Accrued benefit obligation:
 Balance, beginning of year                                                                 $        535.3      $     301.2    $   836.5
 Opening balance from current year acquisitions                                                         —               0.9          0.9
 Current service cost                                                                                  2.7              5.2          7.9
 Past service cost                                                                                     0.3              0.2          0.5
 Interest cost                                                                                         6.9              4.4         11.3
 Employee contributions                                                                                1.0              1.5          2.5
 Benefits paid                                                                                       (14.1)           (11.0)       (25.1)
 Actuarial (gains) losses – experience                                                                (1.5)             1.0         (0.5)
 Actuarial (gains) losses – demographic assumptions                                                   (3.4)             1.4         (2.0)
 Actuarial gains – financial assumptions                                                              (8.0)           (12.8)       (20.8)
 Reinstatements and transfers                                                                         (0.8)             0.7         (0.1)
 Effect of curtailment                                                                                  —              (1.2)        (1.2)
 Effect of movements in exchange rates                                                               (11.5)           (15.8)       (27.3)
Balance, end of year                                                                        $        506.9      $     275.7    $   782.6
Plan assets:
  Fair value, beginning of year                                                             $        454.8      $        —     $   454.8
  Expected return on plan assets                                                                       5.7               —           5.7
  Actuarial gains                                                                                     25.9               —          25.9
  Employee contributions                                                                               1.0               —           1.0
  Employer contributions                                                                               6.3             11.0         17.3
  Benefits paid                                                                                      (14.1)           (11.0)       (25.1)
  Administrative expenses                                                                             (0.9)              —          (0.9)
  Settlements                                                                                         (0.1)              —          (0.1)
  Effect of movements in exchange rates                                                               (9.9)              —          (9.9)
Fair value, end of year                                                                     $        468.7      $        —     $   468.7
Funded status, net deficit of plans                                                         $        (38.2)     $    (275.7)   $   (313.9)
Accrued benefit liability                                                                   $        (38.2)     $    (275.7)   $   (313.9)

The Company’s net defined benefit plan expense is as follows:
                                                                                                    Partially         Wholly
2022                                                                                                Funded          Unfunded         Total

Current service cost                                                                        $            2.2    $       5.5    $      7.7
Past service cost                                                                                         —             0.4           0.4
Net interest cost on accrued benefit liability                                                           0.8            5.6           6.4
Curtailment gain                                                                                          —            (0.4)         (0.4)
Settlement loss                                                                                           —              —             —
Administration costs                                                                                     1.1             —            1.1
Net defined benefit plan expense                                                            $            4.1    $      11.1    $    15.2
Net defined benefit plan expense is recorded in:
Cost of sales                                                                               $            1.4    $       1.4    $      2.8
Selling, general and administrative expenses                                                             1.9            4.1           6.0
Finance cost                                                                                             0.8            5.6           6.4
Net defined benefit plan expense                                                            $            4.1    $      11.1    $    15.2




86       2022 Annual Report
                                                                                Partially         Wholly
2021                                                                            Funded          Unfunded               Total

Current service cost                                                      $         2.7     $        5.2      $         7.9
Past service cost                                                                   0.3              0.2                0.5
Net interest cost on accrued benefit liability                                      1.2              4.4                5.6
Curtailment gain                                                                     —              (1.2)              (1.2)
Settlement loss                                                                     0.1               —                 0.1
Administration costs                                                                0.9               —                 0.9
Net defined benefit plan expense                                          $         5.2     $        8.6      $        13.8
Net defined benefit plan expense is recorded in:
Cost of sales                                                             $         2.4     $        1.4      $         3.8
Selling, general and administrative expenses                                        1.6              2.8                4.4
Finance cost                                                                        1.2              4.4                5.6
Net defined benefit plan expense                                          $         5.2     $        8.6      $        13.8

Actuarial gains (losses) recognized directly in equity are as follows:
                                                                                                   2022                2021
Actuarial gains (losses) – experience                                                       $      (7.1)      $         0.5
Actuarial gains – demographic assumptions                                                           1.0                 2.0
Actuarial gains – financial assumptions                                                           223.7                20.8
Experience gains (losses) on plan assets                                                         (152.9)               25.9
Irrecoverable surplus                                                                              (2.1)                 —
Recognized during the year in other comprehensive gain                                      $      62.6       $        49.2

Plan assets consist of the following:
                                                                                Partially         Wholly
2022                                                                            Funded          Unfunded               Total

Equity securities                                                                    51%             —                  51%
Debt securities                                                                      34%             —                  34%
Real estate                                                                           3%             —                   3%
Other                                                                                12%             —                  12%
Total                                                                              100%              —                 100%

                                                                                Partially         Wholly
2021                                                                            Funded          Unfunded               Total

Equity securities                                                                    55%             —                   55%
Debt securities                                                                      34%             —                   34%
Real estate                                                                           2%             —                    2%
Other                                                                                 9%             —                    9%
Total                                                                              100%              —                 100%

No plan assets are directly invested in the Company’s own shares or directly in any property occupied by, or other assets
used by, the Company.




                                                                                                  2022 Annual Report    87
N O T E S T O T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)




The actual returns on plan assets are as follows:
                                                                                                    Partially          Wholly
                                                                                                    Funded           Unfunded            Total

2022                                                                                        $      (145.0)               $—       $    (145.0)
2021                                                                                        $        31.6                $—       $      31.6

The weighted average economic assumptions used to determine post-employment benefit obligations are as follows:
                                                                                                    Partially          Wholly
                                                                                                    Funded           Unfunded            Total

December 31, 2022
Discount rate                                                                                            4.45%          4.35%            4.41%
Expected rate of compensation increase                                                                   1.71%          2.57%            2.35%
December 31, 2021
Discount rate                                                                                            1.84%          1.54%            1.73%
Expected rate of compensation increase                                                                   1.46%          2.06%            1.92%

The weighted average economic assumptions used to determine post-employment plan expenses are as follows:
                                                                                                    Partially          Wholly
                                                                                                    Funded           Unfunded            Total

December 31, 2022
Discount rate                                                                                            1.84%          1.54%            1.73%
Expected rate of compensation increase                                                                   1.48%          2.05%            1.92%
December 31, 2021
Discount rate                                                                                            1.30%          1.37%            1.33%
Expected rate of compensation increase                                                                   1.37%          2.35%            2.11%

The sensitivity analysis on the defined benefit obligation is as follows, and it is prepared by altering one assumption at
a time and keeping the other assumptions unchanged. The resulting defined benefit obligation is then compared to the
defined benefit obligation in the disclosures:
                                                                                                                      Partially         Wholly
                                                                                                                      Funded          Unfunded

Discount rate (increase 1%)                                                                                      $     (52.1)     $     (18.1)
Discount rate (decrease 1%)                                                                                      $      55.2      $      19.9
Longevity (+1 year)                                                                                              $       8.5      $       7.3
Inflation (+0.25%)                                                                                               $       7.2      $        —
Inflation (-0.25%)                                                                                               $      (7.2)     $        —
Salary (increase 1%)                                                                                             $       2.4      $       2.5
Salary (decrease 1%)                                                                                             $      (1.8)     $      (2.3)
Duration (years)                                                                                                         17               11

The Company expects to contribute $4.6 million to the partially funded defined benefit plans and pay $16.4 million in
benefits for the wholly unfunded plans in 2023.

(c) Long-term incentive, long-service leave, jubilee and other plans
The Company has long-term incentive plans with share-based payments, long-service leave plans and jubilee plans in
various countries around the world. As at December 31, 2022, $0.7 million (2021 – $0.8 million) of the total obligation of
$14.7 million (2021 – $15.4 million) was classified as current and reported in trade and other payables. The expense for
these plans was $27.8 million in 2022 (2021 – $16.4 million).




88       2022 Annual Report
21. PERSONNEL EXPENSES

                                                                                                   2022                  2021
Wages and salaries                                                                           $   1,199.3      $        1,116.9
Compulsory social security contributions                                                           141.0                 126.4
Contributions to Company-sponsored defined contribution plans                                       33.7                  31.6
Net expenses related to defined benefit plans                                                       15.2                  13.8
Equity-settled share-based payment transactions                                                     38.6                  28.3
                                                                                             $   1,427.8      $        1,317.0


2 2 . I N C O M E TA X E X P E N S E

                                                                                                   2022                  2021
Current tax expense
Current tax on earnings before earnings in equity-accounted investments for the year         $    210.9       $         191.2
Deferred tax expense (benefit) (note 15)
Origination and reversal of temporary differences                                            $     (16.4)     $           (5.3)
Impact of tax rate changes                                                                            —                    9.0
Recognition of previously unrecognized tax losses and deductible temporary differences             (11.2)                (13.4)
                                                                                                   (27.6)                 (9.7)
Total income tax expense                                                                     $    183.3       $         181.5

Reconciliation of effective tax rate
                                                                                                   2022                  2021
Combined Canadian federal and provincial income tax rates                                          26.5%                 26.5%
The income tax expense on the Company’s earnings differs from the amount
 determined by the Company’s statutory rates as follows:
Net earnings for the year                                                                    $    622.7       $         599.1
Add: income tax expense                                                                           183.3                 181.5
Deduct: earnings in equity-accounted investments                                                   19.9                  11.2
Earnings before income tax and equity-accounted investments                                       786.1                 769.4
Income tax using the Company’s domestic combined
  Canadian federal and provincial income tax rates                                                208.3                 203.9
Effect of tax rates in foreign jurisdictions                                                       (9.2)                (16.7)
Impact of tax rate changes                                                                           —                    9.0
Recognition of previously unrecognized tax losses and deductible temporary differences            (11.2)                (13.4)
Losses and deductible temporary differences for which no deferred tax asset was recognized          6.1                   3.1
Non-deductible expenses and other items                                                           (10.7)                 (4.4)
                                                                                             $    183.3       $         181.5

Income tax expense (recovery) recognized directly in other comprehensive income
Derivatives and foreign currency translation adjustments                                     $     (5.2)      $           6.7
Actuarial gains                                                                                    16.8                  12.1
Total income tax expense recognized directly in other comprehensive income                   $     11.6       $          18.8




                                                                                                  2022 Annual Report      89
N O T E S T O T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)




The Company is subject to income taxes in numerous jurisdictions. Significant judgement is required in determining
the worldwide provision for income taxes. There are many transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax
determination is uncertain. The Company recognizes liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues based on estimates of
whether additional taxes will be due. If the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts that were
initially recorded, such differences will impact the current and deferred income tax assets and liabilities in the period in
which such determination is made.


2 3 . S H A R E - B A S E D PAY M E N T S

For options and share awards granted for stock-based compensation, $38.5 million (2021 – $26.6 million) was recognized
in the consolidated financial statements as an expense, with a corresponding offset to contributed surplus.
At December 31, 2022, the Company had five share-based compensation plans, which are described below:

(a) Employee stock option plan
Under the employee stock option plan, the Company may grant options to employees, officers and directors of the
Company. The Company does not grant options to independent directors. The exercise price of each option equals the
closing market price of the Class B non-voting shares on the last trading day prior to the grant date of the option, and
an option’s maximum term is 10 years. Current options vest 25% one year from the grant date and 25% each subsequent
year. The term of these options is five years from the grant date. In general, the grants are conditional upon continued
employment. No market conditions affect vesting. Granted options are not entitled to dividends and may not be transferred
or assigned by the option holder. In 2022 and 2021, stock option grants were not awarded.
A summary of the status of the Company’s employee stock option plan as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and changes
during the years ended on those dates, is presented below:
                                                                                                        2022                                  2021
                                                                                                     Weighted                              Weighted
                                                                                 Shares               Average           Shares              Average
                                                                           (in millions)         Exercise Price   (in millions)        Exercise Price

Outstanding at beginning of year                                                   1.5       $         61.45              2.4      $          59.68
Granted                                                                             —                     —                —                     —
Exercised                                                                         (0.1)                61.50             (0.9)                56.67
Forfeited                                                                         (0.1)                58.85               —                     —
Outstanding at end of year                                                         1.3       $         61.64              1.5      $          61.45
Options exercisable at end of year                                                 1.1       $         62.71              0.9      $          62.88

The weighted average share price of stock options exercised in 2022 was $66.64 (2021 – $70.00).
The following table summarizes information about the employee stock options outstanding at December 31, 2022.

                                                                                           Options Outstanding                    Options Exercisable
                                                                              Weighted
                                                         Options               Average               Weighted         Options              Weighted
Range of                                             Outstanding            Remaining                 Average       Exercisable             Average
Exercisable Prices                                   (in millions)      Contractual Life         Exercise Price   (in millions)        Exercise Price

$55.73                                                       0.6            1.2 years        $         55.73              0.4      $          55.73
$66.87                                                       0.7            0.2 years        $         66.87              0.7      $          66.87
$55.73 – $66.87                                              1.3            0.6 years        $         61.64              1.1      $         62.71




90         2022 Annual Report
(b) Deferred share units (“DSU”)
The Company maintains a deferred share unit plan. Under this plan, non-employee members of the Company’s Board of
Directors may elect to receive DSUs, in lieu of cash remuneration, for director fees that would otherwise be payable to
such directors, or any portion thereof, until DSU holdings of a prescribed limit have been achieved. In addition, director
compensation includes an annual grant of DSUs. The number of units received is equivalent to the fees earned and is
based on the fair market value of a Class B non-voting share of the Company on the date of issue of the DSU. When
dividends are paid on Class B non-voting shares of the Company, the equivalent value per DSU is calculated and the holder
receives additional DSUs in lieu of actual cash dividends based on the fair market value of a Class B non-voting share of
the Company. DSUs cannot be redeemed or paid out until such time as the director ceases to be a director. A DSU entitles
the holder to receive, on a deferred payment basis, the number of Class B non-voting shares of the Company equating to
the number of the holder’s DSUs on the redemption date. The Company accounts for the DSU plan as an equity-settled
share-based payment transaction.
The Company had 0.3 million DSUs outstanding as at December 31, 2022.

(c) Performance stock units (“PSU”)
In 2019, the Company introduced a performance stock unit plan. Under the plan, participants may be eligible to receive a
maximum of approximately 1.5 million Class B non-voting shares of the Company to be issued from treasury. The vesting
of these shares is dependent on the Company’s performance and continuing employment. The grant-date fair value of
these shares is being amortized over the vesting period and recognized as compensation expense.

(d) Long-term retention plan (“LTRP”)
In 2017, the Company instituted a long-term retention plan. Under the plan, the Company provided a one-time retention
incentive to executives totaling 0.3 million restricted share units (“RSU”). The incentive vests 25% in each year beginning
in 2022 and ending in 2025, inclusive.
In 2019, under the aforementioned long-term retention plan, the Company provided a one-time retention incentive to
additional executives totaling 0.1 million RSUs. The incentive vests 25% in each year beginning in 2024 and ending in
2027, inclusive.
Each RSU is equivalent to one Class B non-voting share of the Company, to be issued from treasury. The Company had
0.3 million RSUs outstanding under this plan as at December 31, 2022.

(e) Other restricted share units
In 2020, the Company established the restricted share unit plan. Each unit is equivalent to one Class B non-voting share
of the Company. Current units vest 25% one year from the grant date and 25% each subsequent year. The term of these
units is four years from the grant date, and will be settled through equity. The grants are conditional upon continued
employment. No market conditions affect vesting. Granted units are not entitled to dividends and may not be transferred
or assigned by the unitholder.
The Company had 0.4 million restricted share units outstanding under this plan as at December 31, 2022.




                                                                                                    2022 Annual Report   91
N O T E S T O T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)




24. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS


(a) Hedges of net investments in foreign operations
US$123.8 million (2021 – US$123.8 million) of unsecured 144A 3.25% private notes, US$191.5 million (2021 – US$191.5 million)
of unsecured 144A 3.05% private notes and US$67.5 million (2021 – nil) of the unsecured syndicated bank credit facilities
(hedging items) have been used to hedge the Company’s exposure to its net investment in US-dollar-denominated
operations (hedged items), with a view to reducing foreign exchange fluctuations. The foreign exchange effect of the
unsecured 144A 3.25% private notes, the unsecured 144A 3.05% private notes, the unsecured syndicated bank credit
facilities and the net investment in US-dollar-denominated subsidiaries is reported in accumulated other comprehensive
loss in the consolidated statement of financial position. These have been and continue to be 100% fully effective hedges
as the notional amounts of the hedging items equal the portion of the net investment balance being hedged. No
ineffectiveness was recognized in the consolidated income statement in 2022 or 2021.
Unsecured syndicated bank credit facilities (hedging item) of €46.0 million (2021 – nil) were used to hedge the Company’s
exposure to its net investment in self-sustaining euro-denominated operations (hedged items) with a view to reducing
foreign exchange fluctuations. The foreign exchange effect of both the unsecured syndicated bank credit facilities and
the net investment in euro-denominated subsidiaries was reported in other comprehensive loss in the consolidated
statement of financial position. This was a 100% fully effective hedge as the notional amount of the hedging item equalled
the portion of the net investment balance being hedged. No ineffectiveness was recognized in the consolidated income
statement in 2022 or 2021.
In February 2017, the Company converted US$264.7 million of the 144A 3.25% private notes (note 18) into €250.0 million
1.23% fixed rate debt using CCIRSAs (hedging items). In February 2018, a further US$111.5 million of the 144A 3.25% private
notes (note 18) were converted into €90.0 million 1.16% fixed rate debt using CCIRSAs. In June 2020, US$204.6 million and
US$203.9 million of the 144A 3.05% private notes (note 18) were converted into €180.0 million 2.06% fixed rate debt and
€180.0 million 2.00% fixed rate debt, respectively, using CCIRSAs. Each of these conversions was to hedge the Company’s
euro-based assets and cash flows. Fair value of these CCIRSAs was recorded in non-current liabilities when negative
in value and non-current assets when positive in value. The offset was recorded in accumulated other comprehensive
loss in the consolidated statement of financial position. These have all been, and continue to be, 100% fully effective
hedges as the notional amounts of the hedging items equal the portion of the net investment balance being hedged. No
ineffectiveness was recognized in the consolidated income statement in 2022 or 2021.
                                                                                               Fair Value
              Notional Principal Amount               Interest Rate                          December 31
                                           Received           Paid               2022               2021
          Fixed Rate          Fixed Rate     (US$)             (€)               (C$)               (C$)            Maturity         Effective Date

US$105.8 million € 100.0 million              3.25%          1.24%    $    3.0 million $ (7.8) million      October 1, 2026    February 28, 2017
 US$84.8 million € 80.0 million               3.25%          1.20%    $    2.8 million $ (5.3) million      October 1, 2026    February 28, 2017
 US$42.3 million € 40.0 million               3.25%          1.21%    $    1.2 million $ (3.0) million      October 1, 2026    February 28, 2017
 US$31.8 million € 30.0 million               3.25%          1.29%    $    0.8 million $ (2.4) million      October 1, 2026    February 28, 2017
 US$62.1 million € 50.0 million               3.25%          1.16%    $   13.9 million $    9.2 million     October 1, 2026    February 21, 2018
 US$49.4 million € 40.0 million               3.25%          1.15%    $   10.7 million $    7.1 million     October 1, 2026    February 22, 2018
US$125.0 million € 110.0 million              3.05%          2.06%    $   10.1 million $ (6.9) million         June 1, 2030        June 10, 2020
 US$79.6 million € 70.0 million               3.05%          2.06%    $    6.3 million $ (4.9) million         June 1, 2030        June 10, 2020
 US$68.0 million € 60.0 million               3.05%          2.00%    $    5.6 million $ (3.6) million         June 1, 2030        June 23, 2020
 US$45.3 million € 40.0 million               3.05%          2.00%    $    3.6 million $ (2.8) million         June 1, 2030        June 23, 2020
 US$45.3 million € 40.0 million               3.05%          2.01%    $    3.8 million $ (2.8) million         June 1, 2030        June 23, 2020
 US$45.3 million € 40.0 million               3.05%          2.01%    $    3.7 million $ (2.7) million         June 1, 2030        June 23, 2020




92       2022 Annual Report
(b) Credit risk

Exposure to credit risk
The carrying amount of financial assets represents the maximum credit exposure. The maximum exposure to credit risk
at the reporting date was as follows:
                                                                                        December 31,       December 31,
                                                                                               2022               2021
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                $      839.5       $          602.1
Trade and other receivables                                                                   1,100.5                1,083.8
Other assets                                                                                     18.7                   19.7
Derivative instruments                                                                           65.5                   16.3
                                                                                         $    2,024.2       $        1,721.9

The aging of trade receivables at the reporting date was as follows:
                                                                                        December 31,       December 31,
                                                                                               2022               2021
Under 31 days                                                                            $      545.9       $         576.7
Between 31 and 90 days                                                                          372.9                 320.6
Greater than 90 days                                                                             73.4                  69.5
                                                                                         $      992.2       $         966.8

The movement in the allowance for impairment in respect of trade receivables during the year was as follows:
                                                                                        December 31,       December 31,
                                                                                               2022               2021
Balance at January 1                                                                     $       18.4       $          18.1
(Decrease) increase during the year                                                              (0.7)                  0.3
Balance at December 31                                                                   $       17.7       $          18.4

The Company believes that no impairment allowance is necessary in respect of trade receivables not past due.




                                                                                                2022 Annual Report      93
N O T E S T O T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)




(c) Liquidity risk

Exposure to liquidity risk
The following are the contractual maturities of financial liabilities, including estimated interest payments and excluding
the impact of netting agreements:
                                                                                               December 31, 2022
                               December 31, 2021                                                               Payments Due by Period
                                              Carrying       Carrying   Contractual            0–6            6–12             1–2              2–5    More than
                                              Amount         Amount     Cash Flows          Months          Months            Years            Years     5 Years

Non-derivative financial liabilities
  Secured bank loans                 $            4.8 $         2.0     $       2.0    $       1.8      $     0.1     $        0.1    $          —     $      —
  Unsecured bank loans                           10.1           4.3             4.3            2.3            0.6              0.5              0.8          0.1
  Unsecured 144A 3.25%
    private notes                              627.4         674.2           677.7             —               —               —          677.7              —
  Unsecured 144A 3.05%
    private notes                              750.5         806.4           813.2             —               —               —                 —         813.2
  Unsecured 3.864%
    Series 1 Notes                             298.8         298.9           300.0             —               —               —                 —         300.0
  Unsecured syndicated
    bank credit facility                          9.5        394.1           396.2              —              —                —         396.2              —
  Other long-term obligations                     5.6          2.3             2.3             1.6            0.2              0.5           —               —
  Interest on unsecured
    bank credit facilities                            *           *           91.3*          10.8            11.0             22.0            47.5           —
  Interest on 144A 3.25%
    private notes                                     *           *           82.6*            5.5           11.0             22.0            44.1           —
  Interest on 144A 3.05%
    private notes                                     *           *          183.9*          10.3            12.4             24.8            74.4          62.0
  Interest on unsecured 3.864%
    Series 1 Notes                                    *           *           61.3*            3.3            5.8             11.6            34.8           5.8
  Interest on other
    long-term debt                                 *             *              0.3            0.1             —               0.1              0.1          —
  Trade and other payables                   1,321.5       1,394.4          1,394.4*       1,394.4             —                —                —           —
Accrued post-employment
  benefit liabilities                                 *          *           228.2*           3.0             3.0             17.2            77.8         127.2
Lease liabilities                             144.6          179.6           186.3           21.5            19.9             31.0            62.8          51.1
Total contractual
 cash obligations                        $ 3,172.8        $ 3,756.2     $ 4,424.0      $1,454.6         $    64.0     $ 129.8         $1,416.2         $1,359.4

*   Accrued long-term employee benefit and post-employment benefit liability of $15.7 million, accrued interest of $10.3 million on unsecured notes,
    unsecured bonds and unsecured syndicated credit facilities, and accrued interest of $2.4 million on derivatives are reported in trade and other payables
    in 2022 (2021: $13.8 million, $9.6 million and $2.4 million, respectively).


(d) Currency risk

Exposure to currency risk
The Company’s exposure to foreign currency risk was as follows based on notional amounts:
                                                                               December 31, 2022                                          December 31, 2021
                                                  U.S.                       U.K.                                     U.S.             U.K.
                                                 Dollar                     Pound                Euro                Dollar           Pound                 Euro

Cash and cash equivalents                       212.1                       17.3               134.7                 151.1              25.4               104.9
Trade and other receivables                     315.4                       27.1               159.3                 343.1              20.3               142.1
Trade and other payables                        336.9                       35.1               233.0                 364.5              31.4               205.7
Long-term debt                                  384.4                         —                749.4                 319.7                —                706.6



94        2022 Annual Report
Sensitivity analysis
A 5% weakening of the Canadian dollar, as indicated below, against the following currencies at December 31 would have
increased (decreased) equity and income by the amounts shown below. This analysis assumes that all other variables; in
particular, interest rates, remain constant.
                                                                                         Equity                      Income Statement

                                                                       2022              2021            2022                  2021
Euro                                                                   (41.1)           (25.4)             (0.5)                (0.6)
U.S. dollar                                                            (25.5)           (19.7)              3.8                  3.0
U.K. pound                                                              26.0              6.1               0.3                  0.1

A 5% strengthening of the Canadian dollar against the above currencies at December 31 would have had the equal but
opposite effect on the above currencies to the amounts shown above, on the basis that all other variables remain constant.

(e) Interest rate risk
An increase of 100 basis points in interest rates on the floating rate debt and cash equivalents as at the reporting date
would increase net earnings by $4.4 million (2021 – $5.4 million increase). This analysis assumes that all other variables;
in particular, foreign currency rates, remain constant.

(f) Fair values versus carrying amounts
The fair values of financial assets and liabilities, together with the carrying amounts shown in the consolidated statement
of financial position, are as follows:
                                                                          December 31, 2022                     December 31, 2021
                                                                Carrying               Fair           Carrying                  Fair
                                                                Amount                Value           Amount                   Value

Assets carried at fair value:
Other assets                                              $        18.7         $     18.7        $     19.7        $          19.7
Derivative financial assets                                        65.5               65.5              16.3                   16.3
                                                          $        84.2         $     84.2        $     36.0        $          36.0
Assets carried at amortized cost:
Trade and other receivables                               $     1,100.5         $   1,100.5       $   1,083.8       $       1,083.8
Cash and cash equivalents                                         839.5               839.5             602.1                 602.1
                                                          $     1,940.0         $   1,940.0       $   1,685.9       $       1,685.9
Liabilities carried at fair value:
Derivative financial liabilities                          $         0.1         $       0.1       $     42.2        $          42.2
                                                          $         0.1         $       0.1       $     42.2        $          42.2
Liabilities carried at amortized cost:
Trade and other payables                                  $     1,394.4         $   1,394.4       $   1,321.5       $       1,321.5
Unsecured 144A 3.25% private notes                                674.2               613.5             627.4                 663.3
Unsecured 144A 3.05% private notes                                806.4               673.9             750.5                 781.7
Unsecured 3.864% Series 1 Notes                                   298.8               282.2             298.8                 320.4
Unsecured syndicated bank credit facilities                       394.1               394.1               9.5                   9.5
Other loans                                                         8.6                 8.6              20.5                  20.5
                                                          $     3,576.6         $   3,366.7       $   3,028.2       $       3,116.9

The basis for determining fair values is disclosed in note 3.
The interest rates used to discount estimated cash flows for the unsecured notes are based on the government yield curve
at the reporting date, plus an adequate credit spread.




                                                                                                       2022 Annual Report       95
N O T E S T O T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)




(g) Fair value hierarchy
The table below summarizes the levels of hierarchy for financial assets and liabilities.
The different levels have been defined as follows:
• Level 1: quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;
• Level 2: inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are observable for the asset or liability, either
  directly (i.e., as prices) or indirectly (i.e., derived from prices); and
• Level 3: inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).

                                                                               Level 1               Level 2       Level 3           Total

December 31, 2022
Other assets                                                          $         18.7        $          —       $      —      $       18.7
Derivative financial assets                                                       —                  65.5             —              65.5
Long-term debt                                                                    —              (1,972.3)            —          (1,972.3)
Derivative financial liabilities                                                  —                  (0.1)            —              (0.1)
                                                                      $         18.7        $    (1,906.9)     $      —      $   (1,888.2)

                                                                               Level 1               Level 2       Level 3           Total

December 31, 2021
Other assets                                                          $          19.7       $           —      $      —      $       19.7
Derivative financial assets                                                        —                  16.3            —              16.3
Long-term debt                                                                     —              (1,795.4)           —          (1,795.4)
Derivative financial liabilities                                                   —                 (42.2)           —             (42.2)
                                                                      $          19.7       $     (1,821.3)    $      —      $   (1,801.6)

The methods and assumptions used to measure the fair value are as follows:
The fair value of derivative financial instruments generally reflects the estimated amounts that the Company would receive
to sell favourable contracts or pay to transfer unfavourable contracts, at the reporting date. The Company uses discounted
cash flow analysis and market data such as interest rates, credit spreads and foreign exchange spot rates to estimate the
fair value of forward agreements and interest-rate derivatives.
The fair value of long-term debt is estimated using public quotations, when available, or discounted cash flow analysis
based on the current corresponding borrowing rate for similar types of borrowing arrangements.


2 5. F I N A N C I A L R I S K M A N AG E M E N T

The Company has exposure to the following risks from its use of financial instruments:
• credit risk;
• liquidity risk; and
• market risk.
This note presents information about the Company’s exposure to each of the above risks, the Company’s objectives,
policies and processes for measuring and managing risk, and the Company’s management of capital. Further quantitative
disclosures are included throughout these consolidated financial statements.
The Company’s risk management policies are established to identify and analyze the risks faced by the Company, to set
appropriate risk limits and controls, and to monitor risks and adherence to limits. Risk management policies and systems
are reviewed regularly to reflect changes in market conditions and the Company’s activities. The Company, through its
training and management standards and procedures, aims to develop a disciplined and constructive control environment
in which all employees understand their roles and obligations.




96       2022 Annual Report
(a) Credit risk
Credit risk is the risk of financial loss to the Company if a customer or counterparty to a financial instrument fails to meet
its contractual obligations, and it arises principally from the Company’s receivables from customers and investment
securities.
The Company has established a credit policy under which each new customer is analyzed individually for creditworthiness
before the Company’s payment and delivery terms and conditions are offered. The Company’s review includes external
ratings, where available, and in some cases bank references. Purchase limits are established for each customer, which
represent the maximum open amount without requiring approval from senior management; these limits are reviewed
quarterly. Customers that fail to meet the Company’s benchmark creditworthiness may transact with the Company only
on a prepayment basis.
The Company is potentially exposed to credit risk arising from derivative financial instruments if a counterparty fails to
meet its obligations. These counterparties are large international financial institutions, and, to date, no such counterparty
has failed to meet its financial obligations to the Company. As at December 31, 2022, the Company’s exposure to credit
risk arising from derivative financial instruments amounted to $68.7 million (2021 – $16.3 million).

(b) Liquidity risk
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will not be able to meet its financial obligations as they fall due. The Company
manages liquidity by monitoring expected cash flows and to ensure the availability of credit as much as possible, that
it will always have sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities when they are due. The financial obligations of the Company
include trade and other payables, long-term debt and other long-term items. The contractual maturity of trade payables
is six months or less. Long-term debt includes instruments with varying maturities extending to 2030. The Company has
the capacity to discharge its current liabilities from the continued cash flows from business operations and an additional
$839.5 million of cash on hand and US$906.4 million of available capacity within its syndicated bank credit facility at
December 31, 2022.

(c) Market risk
Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices, such as foreign exchange rates, interest rates and commodity
prices, will affect the Company’s income or the value of its holdings of financial instruments. The objective of market risk
management is to manage and control market risk exposures within acceptable parameters, while optimizing the return.
The Company uses derivatives to manage market risks. Generally, the Company seeks to apply hedge accounting in
order to manage volatility in profit or loss. The Company does not utilize derivative financial instruments for speculative
purposes.

(i)   Currency risk
The Company operates internationally, giving rise to exposure to market risks from changes in foreign exchange rates.
The Company partially manages these exposures by contracting primarily in Canadian dollars, euros, U.K. pounds and
U.S. dollars. Additionally, each subsidiary’s sales and expenses are primarily denominated in its local currency, further
minimizing the foreign exchange impact on the operating results.
In other cases, borrowings are done by non-Canadian-dollar-based subsidiaries in their own functional currencies such
that the principal and interest are denominated in a currency that matches the cash flows generated by those subsidiaries.
These provide natural hedges that do not require the application of hedge accounting.

(ii) Interest rate risk
The Company is exposed to market risk related to interest rate fluctuations on its debt. To mitigate this risk, the Company
maintains a combination of fixed and floating rate debt.

(iii) Commodity price risk
Polypropylene is the most significant input cost for the Innovia Segment. It is traded in the market, with prices linked to the
market price of natural gas and refining capacity. The Segment does not use derivative financial instruments to hedge its
exposure to the volatility of polypropylene prices; therefore, movements must be managed and, where possible, passed
along to the Segment’s customers.




                                                                                                       2022 Annual Report   97
N O T E S T O T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)




(d) Capital management
The Company’s objective is to maintain a strong capital base throughout the economic cycle to maintain investor,
creditor and market confidence and to sustain the future development of the business. This capital structure supports
the Company’s objective to provide an attractive financial return to its shareholders equal to that of its leading specialty
packaging peers.
The Company defines capital as average total equity and measures the return on capital (or return on equity) by dividing
annual net earnings before goodwill impairment loss and restructuring and other items by the average of the beginning
and the end-of-year shareholders’ equity. In 2022, the return on capital was 15.9% (2021 – 17.2%).
Management and the Board maintain a balance between the expected higher return on capital that might be possible with
a higher level of financial debt and the advantages and security afforded by a lower level of financial leverage.
The Company has provided a growing level of dividends to its shareholders over the last few years, generally related to
its growth in earnings. Dividends are declared bearing in mind the Company’s current earnings, cash flow and financial
leverage.
There were no changes in the Company’s approach to capital management during the year.
The Company is subject to certain financial covenants on its unsecured syndicated bank credit facility. The Company
monitors the ratios on a quarterly basis and at December 31, 2022, was in compliance with all its covenants.


2 6. C O M M I T M E N T S A N D C O N T I N G E N C I E S


(a) Commitments
As at December 31, 2022, the Company had uncollateralized surety bonds of $52.4 million (2021 – $39.7 million), primarily
to the Brazilian Tax Authority in order to facilitate the appeal of tax reassessments. The Company intends to vigorously
defend these claims, which the Company considers to be without merit and, accordingly, has made no provision for the
matter.

(b) Contingencies
In the normal course of operations, the Company and its subsidiaries may be subject to lawsuits, investigations and other
claims, including environmental, labour, product, customer disputes and other matters.
In the first quarter of 2019, a hearing on a jurisdictional issue was heard in respect of a lawsuit launched in 2011 by Benoy
Berry and a company controlled by him, Global Secure Currency Ltd. (collectively “Berry”), in Nigerian Federal Court
against CCL Secure Pty Ltd. (formerly Innovia Security Pty Ltd.) (“ISPL”), and Innovia Films Ltd. (collectively “IFL”), as well
as other defendants not affiliated with ISPL. The court denied IFL’s motion to dismiss the lawsuit on the jurisdictional issue.
IFL is appealing that decision to the highest appeals court in Nigeria. The lawsuit alleges that IFL and the co-defendants
committed to build a banknote substrate plant in Nigeria and Berry seeks an order requiring IFL and the co-defendants to
build the plant or in lieu thereof, grant an award of total damages in the amount of €1.5 billion ($2.2 billion). IFL intends to
vigorously defend this claim, which the Company considers to be without merit and accordingly, the Company has made
no provision for the matter.
Management believes that adequate provisions for legal claims have been recorded in the accounts where required.
Although it is not always possible to accurately estimate the result or magnitude of legal claims due to the various
uncertainties involved in the legal process, management believes that the ultimate resolution of all such pending matters,
individually and in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse impact on the Company, its business, financial position
or liquidity.




98       2022 Annual Report
2 7. R E L AT E D PA R T I E S


(a) Beneficial ownership
The directors and officers of CCL Industries Inc. as a group beneficially own, control, or direct, directly or indirectly,
approximately 11.2 million of the issued and outstanding Class A voting shares, representing 95.0% of the issued and
outstanding Class A voting shares.

(b) Loan guarantees
The Company has provided various loan guarantees for its joint ventures and associates totaling $19.9 million (2021 –
$21.3 million).


2 8 . K E Y M A N AG E M E N T P E R S O N N E L C O M P E N SAT I O N

                                                                                                    2022                 2021
Short-term employee compensation and benefits                                               $        9.9       $          10.3
Share-based compensation                                                                             5.2                   4.9
Post-employment benefits                                                                             0.9                   0.6
                                                                                            $       16.0       $          15.8


2 9. AC C U M U L AT E D OT H E R C O M P R E H E N S I V E LO S S

                                                                                                    2022                 2021
Unrealized foreign currency translation losses, net of tax recovery of
 $3.3 million (2021 – tax expense of $1.8 million)                                          $      (65.5)      $        (241.5)
Gains on derivatives designated as cash flow hedges,
 net of tax recovery of nil (2021 – tax expense of $nil)                                             0.1                   0.1
                                                                                            $      (65.4)      $        (241.4)




                                                                                                   2022 Annual Report     99
N O T E S T O T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share information)




3 0. R E S T R U C T U R I N G A N D OT H E R I T E M S

                                                                                                             2022           2021
Restructuring costs                                                                                      $   10.3   $        3.9
Acquisition costs                                                                                             1.4            0.5
Total restructuring and other items                                                                      $   11.7   $        4.4

For the full year 2022, restructuring costs and other items represented an expense of $11.7 million ($9.7 million after tax)
as follows:
• Restructuring expenses of $10.3 million ($8.3 million after tax), primarily related to severance and reorganization costs
  across the CCL, Checkpoint and Innovia Segments.
• Acquisition transaction costs totaled $1.4 million ($1.4 million after tax), for the three acquisitions closed in 2022.
For the full year 2021, restructuring costs and other items represented an expense of $4.4 million ($3.5 million after tax)
as follows:
• Restructuring expenses of $3.9 million ($3.0 million after tax), primarily related to severance and reorganization costs
  across the CCL, Checkpoint and Innovia Segments.
• Acquisition transaction costs totaled $0.5 million ($0.5 million after tax), for the nine acquisitions closed in 2021.


31. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

Prior to the release of the 2022 annual consolidated financial statements, the Company announced the following:
• The Board of Directors has declared a dividend of $0.265 per Class B non-voting share and $0.2625 per Class A
  voting share, which will be payable to shareholders of record at the close of business on March 17, 2023, to be paid on
  March 31, 2023.




100      2022 Annual Report
SIX YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY
(In millions of Canadian dollars, except share and ratio data)




                                       2022                      2021            2020           2019           2018                  2017
Sales & Net Earnings
Sales                        $      6,382.2         $      5,732.8        $    5,242.3    $   5,321.3    $   5,161.5      $        4,755.7
Depreciation and
  amortization                         365.3                 342.4              346.4          329.6          278.0                 259.2
Net finance costs                       64.8                  56.9               65.2           81.0           80.7                  75.2
Net Earnings                           622.71                599.12             529.73         477.14         466.85                474.16
Basic net earnings
  per Class B Share          $          3.501       $            3.332    $       2.963   $      2.684   $     2.645      $           2.706

Financial Position
Current Assets           $          2,819.7         $      2,447.6        $    2,224.7    $   2,105.0    $   2,125.2      $        1,851.6
Current Liabilities                 1,501.4                1,418.0             1,262.0        1,148.0        1,346.9               1,299.7
Working capital7                    1,318.3                1,029.6               962.7          957.0          778.3                 551.9
Total Assets                        8,664.4                7,627.8             7,336.7        7,038.0        7,027.6               6,144.0
Net debt                            1,522.3                1,249.2             1,390.9        1,716.2        1,902.5               1,773.9
Shareholders’ equity     $          4,265.2         $      3,747.0        $    3,282.2    $   2,897.7    $   2,673.1      $        2,157.9
Net debt to equity ratio               0.36                   0.33                0.42           0.59           0.71                  0.82
Net debt to total
  book capitalization                   26.3%                    25.0%           29.8%          37.2%          41.6%                 45.1%

Number of Shares (000,000’s)
Class A – Dec 31                        11.8                  11.8               11.8           11.8           11.8                  11.8
Class B – Dec 31                       165.2                 168.4              167.4          166.8          165.9                 165.0
Weighted average
 for the year                          178.0                 179.7              178.7          178.0          176.8                 175.8

Cash Flow
Cash provided
 by operations        $                992.8        $        838.7        $     882.9     $    779.5     $    772.7       $         711.2
Additions to plant,
 property & equipment                  447.2                 323.8              282.8          345.6          352.9                  285.7
Business acquisitions                  287.2                 234.4              161.4           40.4          365.9                1,191.4
Dividends                              170.3                 151.0              128.7          121.1           92.2                   81.2
Dividends per
 Class B share        $                 0.96        $            0.84     $      0.72     $     0.68     $     0.52       $          0.46

Note:
1
    After pre-tax restructuring and other items – net loss of $11.7 million.
2
    After pre-tax restructuring and other items – net loss of $4.4 million.
3
    After pre-tax restructuring and other items – net loss of $27.6 million.
4
    After pre-tax restructuring and other items – net loss of $25.0 million.
5
    After pre-tax restructuring and other items – net loss of $14.8 million.
6
    After pre-tax restructuring and other items – net loss of $11.3 million.
7
    Current assets minus current liabilities.




                                                                                                              2022 Annual Report      101
2022 BUSINESS LEADERSHIP




North America                          Europe                                Asia Pacific
Mark Cooper                            Günther Birkner                       Jim Anzai
President,                             President,                            Vice President & Managing Director,
Avery & METO                           Food & Beverage, Healthcare &         CCL Industries North Asia
Brea, California, USA                  Specialty and Innovia                 Tokyo, Japan
                                       Zurich, Switzerland
Ben Lilienthal                                                               Da Gang Li
President,                             Derek Cumming                         Group Vice President,
Checkpoint & Group Vice President,     Group Vice President,                 CCL Industries Greater China
CCL Industries Central America         CCL Design                            Shanghai, PR China
Thorofare, New Jersey, USA             East Kilbride, Scotland
                                                                             Pravin Krishnan
Ben Rubino                             Scott Mitchell-Harris                 Vice President & Managing Director,
President,                             Group Vice President,                 CCL Design ASEAN
Home & Personal Care                   Checkpoint ALS and MAS Europe         Singapore
Lumberton, New Jersey, USA             Barcelona, Spain
                                                                             Kittipong Kulratanasinsuk
Stephan Finke                          Lee Pretsell                          Vice President & Managing Director,
Vice President & Managing Director,    Group Vice President,                 CCL Label ASEAN
Food & Beverage North America and      Healthcare & Specialty                Bangkok, Thailand
Australia/New Zealand                  Dublin, Ireland
                                                                             Daniel Choo Thian Chau
Sonoma, California, USA
                                       Werner Ehrmann                        Managing Director,
Eric Frantz                            Vice President,                       CCL Label & Checkpoint Vietnam
Group Vice President,                  Technology Development                Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam
Home & Personal Care, North America    Holzkirchen, Germany
                                                                             Lifeng Wang
Hermitage, Pennsylvania, USA
                                       Simon Huber                           Vice President & Managing Director,
Bill Goldsmith                         Managing Director,                    CCL Design – Intelligent Decorative
Vice President Business Development,   Innovia Films Europe                  Technologies
CCL Design North America               Zurich, Switzerland                   Suzhou, PR China
Clinton, South Carolina, USA
                                       Mathias Maennel                       Alex Zhu
Al Green                               Vice President & Managing Director,   Vice President & Managing Director,
Vice President,                        CCL Design Europe                     CCL Design Greater China
Technology Development                 Solingen, Germany                     Suzhou, PR China
Clinton, South Carolina, USA
                                       Michael McGarry                       Mark Gentle
Andy Iseli                             Vice President & Managing Director,   Vice President & Managing Director,
Vice President & General Manager,      Healthcare Europe                     Checkpoint & Meto Australia,
CCL Tube                               Belfast, Northern Ireland             New Zealand & ASEAN
Los Angeles, California, USA                                                 Melbourne, Australia
                                       Jamie Robinson
Jon Knight                             Vice President & Managing Director,   Neil Sanders
Vice President & General Manager,      Home & Personal Care Europe           Vice President & Managing Director,
Innovia Films North America            and Food and Beverage, U.K.           CCL Secure – Polymer Bank Notes
Winston-Salem, North Carolina, USA     Castleford, England                   Melbourne, Australia
Sandra Lane                            Reinhard Streit
Vice President,                        Vice President & Managing Director,
                                                                             Latin America
CCL Secure North America               Food & Beverage Europe
Greensboro, North Carolina, USA        Völkermarkt, Austria                  Luis Jocionis
                                                                             Goup Vice President,
John O’Brien                                                                 CCL Industries South America
Vice President & General Manager,                                            São Paulo, Brazil
CCL Label Canada
Toronto, Ontario, Canada
Allison Phillips
Vice President,
Strategic Business Development
Avery North America
Brea, California, USA
Patrick Thomas
Vice President & General Manager,
CCL Design North America
Strongsville, Ohio, USA




102     2022 Annual Report
2 0 2 2 C O R P O R AT E E X E C U T I V E S




Donald G. Lang                                 Mark McClendon                Nick Vecchiarelli
Executive Chairman                             Vice President and            Vice President, Corporate Accounting
                                               General Counsel
Geoffrey T. Martin                                                           Monika Vodermaier
President and                                  James A. Sellors              Vice President, Corporate Finance
Chief Executive Officer                        Senior Vice President,        Europe
                                               CCL Industries Asia Pacific
Suzana Furtado                                                               Sean P. Washchuk
Corporate Secretary                            Lalitha Vaidyanathan          Senior Vice President and
                                               Senior Vice President,        Chief Financial Officer
Kamal Kotecha
                                               Finance-IT-Human Resources,
Vice President, Taxation
                                               CCL Industries




2 0 2 2 B OA R D O F D I R ECTO RS




Angella V. Alexander                           Kathleen L. Keller-Hobson     Geoffrey T. Martin
Director since 2023                            Director since 2015           Director since 2005
Chief Human Resources Officer,                 Corporate Director            President and CEO,
ATS Corporation                                Ontario, Canada               CCL Industries Inc.
Ontario, Canada                                Donald G. Lang                Massachusetts, U.S.A.
Linda G. Cash                                  Director since 1991           Douglas W. Muzyka
Director since 2021                            Executive Chairman,           Director since 2016
Corporate Director                             CCL Industries Inc.           Corporate Director
Georgia, U.S.A.                                Ontario, Canada               Pennsylvania, U.S.A.
Vincent J. Galifi                              Erin M. Lang                  Thomas C. Peddie
Director since 2016                            Director since 2016           Director since 2003
President,                                     Managing Director,            Corporate Director
Magna International Inc.                       LUMAS Canada                  Ontario, Canada
Ontario, Canada                                Ontario, Canada
                                               Stuart W. Lang
                                               Director since 1991
                                               Corporate Director
                                               Ontario, Canada




                                                                                              2022 Annual Report    103
S H A R E H O L D E R S ’ I N F O R M AT I O N




Auditors                                                                   Annual Meeting of Shareholders
KPMG LLP                                                                   The Annual Meeting of Shareholders will be held on:
Chartered Professional Accountants                                         May 11, 2023 at 2:00 p.m.
Legal Counsel                                                              CCL Industries Inc.
McMillan LLP                                                               111 Gordon Baker Road
                                                                           Suite 801
Transfer Agent                                                             Toronto, ON M2H 3R1
TSX Trust Company
301-100 Adelaide Street West                                               Class B Share Information
Toronto, ON M5H 4H1                                                        Stock Symbol CCL.B
Email:             shareholderinquiries@tmx.com                            Listed TSX
Investor Services: (416) 682-3860 or (800) 387-0825
                                                                           Opening price 2022                                                  $68.76
Fax:               (888) 249-6189 or (514) 985-8843
                                                                           Closing price 2022                                                  $57.84
                   (outside Canada and the U.S.A.)
                                                                           Number of trades                                                 400,400
Website:           www.tsxtrust.com
                                                                           Trading volume (shares)                                        69,097,238
Financial Information                                                      Trading value                                               $4,228,221,597
Institutional investors, analysts and registered representatives           Annual dividends declared                                            $0.96
requiring additional information may contact:

Sean Washchuk                                                              Shares outstanding at December 31, 2022
Senior Vice President and CFO
                                                                           Class A voting shares                                             11,814,887
(416) 756-8526
                                                                           Class B non-voting shares                                       165,231,489
Additional copies of this report can be obtained from:
CCL Industries Inc.
Investor Relations Department
111 Gordon Baker Road
Suite 801
Toronto, ON M2H 3R1
Tel:                (416) 756-8500
Fax:                (416) 756-8555
Email:              ccl@cclind.com
Website:            www.cclind.com




                                                                                                                                                         Designed by DELBOVE Design Studio – 2023




104      2022 Annual Report                                This report is printed on recyclable, acid-free and chlorine free paper. Printed in Canada.
CCL Industries Inc.
111 Gordon Baker Road, Suite 801
Toronto, ON M2H 3R1, Canada
Tel +1 (416) 756 8500

161 Worcester Road
Framingham, MA 01701, USA
Tel +1 (508) 872 4511



www.cclind.com
