Contents

Corporate Information........................................................................................................................................ 1

Financial Highlights.............................................................................................................................................. 2

Chairman’s Statement........................................................................................................................................... 3

Management Discussion and Analysis. ............................................................................................................ 6

Directors and Senior Management................................................................................................................ 31

Directors’ Report................................................................................................................................................ 34

Corporate Governance Report. ..................................................................................................................... 45

Environmental, Social and Governance Report........................................................................................ 56

Independent Auditor’s Report......................................................................................................................... 94

Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income............................. 100

Consolidated Statement of Financial Position......................................................................................... 101

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity......................................................................................... 103

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows..................................................................................................... 104

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements................................................................................... 106
    Corporate Information


    Board of Directors                                        Principal Bankers
    Executive Directors                                       China Merchants Bank, Shenzhen Branch
    Mr. LAM Kong                                              Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited
    Mr. CHEN Hongbing                                         The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited

    Ms. CHEN Yanling                                          Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, Shenzhen Branch
                                                              Citibank (China) Co., Ltd., Shenzhen Branch
    Independent Non-Executive Directors
    Mr. CHEUNG Kam Shing, Terry (resigned on 31 March 2020)   Registered Office
    Mr. WU Chi Keung                                          Maples Corporate Services Limited
    Mr. LEUNG Chong Shun                                      PO Box 309
    Ms. LUO, Laura Ying (appointed on 31 March 2020)          Ugland House
                                                              Grand Cayman, KY1-1104
    Company Secretary                                         Cayman Islands
    Ms. WU Sanyan
                                                              Headquarters and Principal Place
    Authorized Representatives                                of Business in Hong Kong
    Ms. WU Sanyan                                             Unit 2106, 21/F
    Mr. LAM Kong                                              Island Place Tower
                                                              510 King’s Road
    Audit Committee Members                                   North Point
    Mr. WU Chi Keung (Chairman)
                                                              Hong Kong
    Mr. CHEUNG Kam Shing, Terry (resigned on 31 March 2020)
    Mr. LEUNG Chong Shun                                      Principal Contact Address in the
    Ms. LUO, Laura Ying (appointed on 31 March 2020)          PRC
                                                              6F - 8F, Block B, Majialong Chuangxin Building
    Remuneration Committee Members                            198 Daxin Road
    Mr. LEUNG Chong Shun (Chairman)                           Nanshan District
    Mr. CHEUNG Kam Shing, Terry (resigned on 31 March 2020)   Shenzhen 518052
    Mr. WU Chi Keung                                          Guangdong Province
    Ms. LUO, Laura Ying (appointed on 31 March 2020)          The PRC


    Nomination Committee Members                              Branch Share Registrar in Hong
    Mr. CHEUNG Kam Shing, Terry (Chairman)                    Kong
                                                              Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
    (resigned on 31 March 2020)
                                                              Shops 1712-1716, 17/F, Hopewell Centre
    Ms. LUO, Laura Ying (Chairman)
                                                              183 Queen’s Road East
    (appointed on 31 March 2020)
                                                              Wanchai
    Mr. LAM Kong
                                                              Hong Kong
    Mr. WU Chi Keung
    Mr. LEUNG Chong Shun                                      Stock Code
                                                              867
    Auditors
    Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu                                  Company’s Website
    Registered Public Interest Entity Auditors                www.cms.net.cn



1   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                                  Financial Highlights


•          urnover up 11.8% to RMB6,073.6 million (2018: RMB5,433.4 million); excluding the effect of the “two-invoice
           system”, turnover up 12.4% to RMB6,897.2 million (2018: RMB6,134.5 million)
•          Gross profit up 16.1% to RMB4,546.3 million (2018: RMB3,916.9 million); excluding the effect of the “two-invoice
           system”, gross profit up 15.4% to RMB4,173.3 million (2018: RMB3,616.8 million)
•          Normalized profit for the year* up 23.4% to RMB2,277.1 million (2018: RMB1,844.6 million)
•          As at 31 December 2019, the Group’s bank balances and cash amounted to RMB1,365.0 million while readily
           realizable bank acceptance bills amounted to RMB414.0 million
•          Proposed final dividend of RMB0.1271 per share, bringing the total dividend for the year ended 31 December
           2019 to RMB0.3154 per share, representing an increase of 6.2% over last year (2018: final dividend of
           RMB0.1434 and total dividend of RMB0.2970 per share)

Turnover (excluding the effect of the “two-invoice system”) and profit of the Group for the last ten years are set out
below:




*	Normalized profit for the year excluding the income tax impact arising from the change in income tax policy
  applicable to a subsidiary of the Group for the Reporting Period.

Consolidated Statement of Financial Position Highlights

                                                                As at 31 December
                                      2015               2016                2017                2018              2019
                                 RMB’000             RMB’000            RMB’000             RMB’000            RMB’000
    Total assets                6,397,583           9,791,593         10,148,843          10,506,452         11,170,976
    Total liabilities           1,045,115           3,523,769          2,820,586            2,102,377         1,654,844
    Net assets                  5,352,468           6,267,824          7,328,257            8,404,075         9,516,132


                                                                                CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         2
                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2019
    Chairman’s Statement


    Dear shareholders and partners,

    2019 is a significant year for China Medical System Holdings Limited (the “Company”). The Company actively and
    deeply implemented the strategic deployment with innovative products as its core, and has achieved positive results
    that gathered strength and well prepared the Company for future long-term development. At the same time, the
    synergy of the forward-looking trend judgment and strategic deployment, the professional and efficient academic
    promotion system, and the existing product portfolio with sufficient differentiation advantages empowered the
    Company with steady growth. On behalf of the Board of Directors of the Company (the “Board of Directors”), I would
    like to sincerely thank all our supportive shareholders and partners, and hardworking staff. I take pleasure in presenting
    you the Annual Report of the Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group” or “CMS”) for the year ended 31 December
    2019 (the “Reporting Period”).


    Innovation Strategy Achieved Initial Results

    Under the big reform of pharmaceutical policies, innovation has become the core competitive edge for the future
    development of Chinese pharmaceutical companies. Only by constantly bolstering innovation to improve product
    competence can a pharmaceutical company achieve long-term progress. However, the enhancement of product
    competence not only relies on in-house R&D, it also requires strong capabilities in finding high-quality products
    with differentiation advantages and therapeutic efficacy globally, investing and participating in the management of
    R&D companies, and coordinating domestic and overseas resources to promote the success of R&D projects.
    CMS has already prepared in advance and actively embraced the critical period of rapid transformation. During
    the Reporting Period, the Group acquired several innovative products through equity investment or licensing-in by
    leveraging its channel advantages in screening and deploying international products accumulated over the years and
    the perspicacious discernment to converge global innovation resources. These products are in different innovation
    levels and treatment fields and are of enormous market potential to fulfill the unmet medical needs in China. In 2019,
    the Group placed a major focus on innovative products that have completed clinical trials with marketing approval
    overseas, as well as those with overseas marketing approval being under review. The registration and launching of
    these products in China are expected to speed up, so as to enhance the efficiency of the Group’s investment return.
    In the field of innovation, the Group did not blindly pursue industry hot spots. The Group instead paid more attention
    to the academic differentiation, superior efficacy, and market prospects between the targeted products and existing
    therapeutic drugs. As at 31 December 2019, the Group had 18 innovative products in the pipeline, five of which have
    been launched in the U.S., EU and/or other countries or regions. The Group has been actively pushing forward the
    registration related work of these innovative products in the China market to accelerate the landing of the innovative
    achievements.




3   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                                                      CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
                                                                                                        (CONTINUED)




Deployment in Generic Clusters with Competitiveness to Capture Incremental Market

Complex generic drugs are difficult to be imitated with traditional methods because of technical barriers in their
formulation or delivery system, resulting in less competition and higher returns. To improve accessibility and provide
patients with new treatment options, the Group has given special attention to complex generic drugs. Also, under
the policy implementation of the National Volume-based Procurement, the competition pattern of generic drugs in
the China market has been reshaped. Every reform breeds new opportunities. The Group has also paid attention to
and been arranging deployment in those quality generic clusters which only have few competitors under the same
chemical names that have passed the consistency evaluation. These quality generic clusters also are at affordable
cost and have guaranteed supply. Hopefully, the Group can keep a dynamic replacement and iteration for these quality
generic clusters. The Group believes that competitive and quality generic clusters will help the Group to compete in
the National Volume-based Procurement, capturing the incremental market with a relatively light investment. During the
Reporting Period, the Group collaborated strategically with the globally well-known generic pharmaceutical companies
and obtained the Chinese licensing rights of 11 generics with broad market potential and sufficient competitiveness,
including one complex generic drug with high imitation barriers. The Group has been working on the China registration
related work for these generic products to launch in China.


Sound and Compliant Promotion System Facilitating Steady Growth of Existing Products
and Escorting Future Commercialization of Innovative Products

CMS has grown rapidly with the support of its branded originals and exclusive products and deeply engaged in
the Chinese pharmaceutical market with academic promotion. The Group has built an efficient, compliant, and
professional promotion system, and a comprehensive promotion network that covers all hospital departments.
Based on the patient-oriented conception, the Group has constructed an innovative promotion model combining the
Internet and new media, enhanced the digital promotional tools, and built a product line-divided promotion model,
with proof in evidence-based medicine of the products and solid application solutions as the cornerstone. During the
Reporting Period, the Group’s nine major branded products with academic value in cardio-cerebrovascular, digestive,
ophthalmological, and dermatological fields continued to drive a steady performance growth. These fully demonstrated
the hardcore capability of the sound and compliant professional promotion system of the Group, which has created
a lasting growth engine for branded drugs and laid a solid foundation for the successful commercialization of future
innovative drugs. While expanding the breadth and depth of market coverage, the Group has also sought to diversify
its growth model. The in-depth deployment of the retail market fully prepared the Group to undertake the opportunity
of the prescription drug outflow brought by policies.




                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         4
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2019
    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
    (CONTINUED)




    Deepening the Innovation Strategy with “Search and Development” as the Core

    Looking forward, the Group will continuously strengthen its product competence by accelerating the search of
    innovative products from the global market to continually enrich the innovative product clusters. Meanwhile, the
    Group will actively push forward products registration and development in the China market and expects to launch
    the innovative products successively in the near future. CMS will live up to its mission and benefit Chinese patients
    and families by deploying more drugs with sufficient differentiation advantage, therapeutic efficacy, and affordable
    price for the ordinary people. In the meantime, the existing product portfolio and highly competitive generic drug
    clusters of the Group will synergize to support its core innovation strategy with abundant capital and resources, as to
    ensure the momentum of a sustainable innovation development. Equipped with a compliant, professional promotion
    system and promotion network most suitable for innovative products, the Group will continuously duplicate the
    successful sales model, and march on the Blue Ocean market of innovative drugs with prominent market potential.
    While maintaining good growth, the Group will actively participate in philanthropy and charity and always be attentive
    to the implementation of corporate social responsibility. In the future, the competition in the pharmaceutical industry
    will be the competition among large enterprises. CMS will persist to build up its core strength and skills to improve
    the comprehensive competitiveness. We firmly believe that the Chinese pharmaceutical industry, having gone through
    a transformation, will keep on developing flourishingly. It is now the best era for pharmaceutical enterprises which
    respect the lives of patients, value product quality, dare to change, and embrace innovation!



                                                                                                          Chairman
                                                                                                         Lam Kong
                                    		           				                                                 Hong Kong, China
                                    		           				                                                  31 March 2020




5   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                   Management Discussion
                                                            and Analysis

Business Review
In 2019, the implementation and progress of various policies, such as the proceeding of the National Volume-based
Procurement policy, the release of the new version of National Reimbursement Drug List (“NRDL”), the revision and
implementation of the Pharmaceutical Administration Law of the People’s Republic of China , the release of the First
Batch of the National Key Monitored Drugs for the Rational Use, and the announcement of the List of Pilot Cities for
Diagnosis Related Group (DRG) Payment Program, signified that the progress of China pharmaceutical reform has
entered into a crucial phase. With full of fighting spirits, the Group actively embraced a new round of opportunities
and critical stage of development following the reform of China pharmaceutical industry. With the benefit of its
own resources and experiences in global products development for more than two decades, as well as its unique
vision and market reputation, the Group has achieved a number of strategic cooperation with excellent overseas
pharmaceutical companies. By taking advantages of rich innovative products resources and advanced innovative
technology platforms globally, the Group expected to deploy innovative products with differentiation advantages that
can provide new treatment options for Chinese patients. On the other hand, led by its forward-looking strategic vision,
the Group formulated its product strategy in response to market trend based on medical needs of Chinese doctors
and patients. Also, the Group further explored the evidence-based medical evidence and consolidated academic
differentiation advantages of existing products, expanding their academic influences, which helped the Group achieve
a steady growth during the Reporting Period.


I. Innovative Research and Development
The Group considers that the core development driving force of a pharmaceutical company comes from its product
competence. A product cluster with good efficacy and high cost-effectiveness is the impetus for sustainable
development of a pharmaceutical company. The Group has continually persisted in the deployment of innovative
products as its core development strategy. With the light-asset model, the Group introduced innovative product
clusters from around the world in multiple research fields with relatively high innovation level and enough potential to
fill the gap of China pharmaceutical market, accelerating the enhancement of the Group’s product competence. By
making equity investments in overseas R&D companies, the Group capitalized on their professional R&D teams which
possess rich research experiences in multinational pharmaceutical companies as well as their advanced technology
platforms, to deploy innovative products at clinical stage and acquire the priority rights to choose innovative products
in future incubation, facilitating the long-term development of innovative product clusters. At the same time, the Group
proactively carried out in-depth cooperations with leading overseas pharmaceutical companies, to accelerate the
deployment of innovative products by way of licensing-in, establishing the mutually beneficial and win-win strategic
cooperation with joint accumulation of the driving force for the future development.

As complex generic drugs are difficult to be imitated with traditional methods due to the technology barriers of their
formulation or delivery system, the Group has given special attention to complex generic drugs to enhance the
accessibility of drugs among Chinese patients. The Group continued the selective introduction of complex generic
drugs and generic clusters with market competitiveness from matured overseas pharmaceutical companies using its
global resources accumulated over the years and forward-looking product screening capability. The Group will remain
the dynamic supplement and iteration of generic clusters with market competitiveness to seize the incremental market
through participating in the National Volume-based Procurement.




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         6
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2019
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
    (CONTINUED)




    1. Deployment and Development of Innovative Products
    The Group has deployed various innovative products at different innovation levels and development stages mainly
    via equity investments in overseas R&D companies or licensing-in, which ensured a constant supply of innovative
    products to the market in short, mid- and long-terms. During the Reporting Period, the Group acquired nine innovative
    products with sufficient differentiation competitive edges, which can fulfill unmet clinical needs in China market,
    expanding the number of the Group’s innovative products to 18. Among them, five products have been launched in
    the U.S., the EU and other countries or regions. The Group will customize the registration and launch strategy for each
    product based on individual characteristics, to accelerate the launch progress in China.

    In-licensing
    During the Reporting Period, key innovative products deployed by way of licensing-in include the following:

    An Innovative Product In-licensed from Sun Pharma -- Cyclosporine A, 0.09% Eye Drops
    In June 2019, the Group through its wholly-owned subsidiary signed a license agreement with a wholly-owned
    subsidiary of Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. (“Sun Pharma”), a global pharmaceutical company focusing on
    branded innovative products and complex generics, and gained an exclusive license with the right to grant sublicenses
    under Sun Pharma’s intellectual property rights and regulatory documentation to develop and commercialize its
    product Cyclosporine A, 0.09% Eye Drops in Greater China (Mainland China, the Hong Kong Special Administrative
    Region (“HK SAR”), the Macau Special Administrative Region (“Macau SAR”) and Taiwan (“TWN”) included) (“Greater
    China”). The initial term of the agreement shall be 15 years from the first commercial sale of the product, and may be
    extended for additional 3-year increments repeatedly if certain conditions specified in the agreement are met.

    Cyclosporine A, 0.09% Eye Drops is a nanotechnology enabled-formulation in a clear, preservative-free, aqueous
    solution. Developed by Sun Pharma, it is the globally first patent protected innovative 0.09% cyclosporine ophthalmic
    solution using nanotechnology for the treatment of increasing tear production in patients with keratoconjunctivitis
    sicca (dry eye). In August 2018, the drug was approved by the the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) under
    CEQUATM brand name for commercialization in the U.S. market. Currently, although various symptom alleviating agents
    are available in the market, such as artificial tears, few satisfactory treatment options are in practice. In addition, due
    to the historic challenges of making an optic formulation of this agent at a suitable concentration without increasing
    side effects, the clinical treatment options of ophthalmic cyclosporine are still limited. Cyclosporine A, 0.09% Eye
    Drops uses a unique, first-in-class vehicle in which the cyclosporine molecules are surrounded by tiny structures
    called “micelles”, which allows for greater tissue penetration and gentle side effect profile in a high concentration. In
    recent years, due to the aging of the population and multiple factors related to environmental and lifestyle changes,
    the prevalence of dry eye has escalated globally. Among this, the incidence of dry eye in China is 21%-30%, of which
    moderate-to-severe patients account for 40%, about 118-168 million patients. Cyclosporine A, 0.09% Eye Drops
    has the potential to fulfill the current unmet clinical needs of the patients with dry eye, providing them with a new
    satisfactory treatment option. During the Reporting Period, the Group actively worked on the regulatory application
    and other related work of the product in China.




7   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                           (CONTINUED)




An Innovative Product In-licensed from Sun Pharma -- Tildrakizumab (A Monoclonal Antibody Specifically
Targeting Interleukin-23(IL-23))
In June 2019, the Group through its wholly-owned subsidiary signed a license agreement with a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Sun Pharma, and gained an exclusive, royalty-bearing license with the right to grant sublicenses under
Sun Pharma’s intellectual property rights to develop, use, sell, offer to sell and import (including to develop and
commercialize) its product, Tildrakizumab, in Greater China. The initial term of the agreement shall be 15 years from
the first commercial sale of the product, and may be extended for additional 3-year increments repeatedly if certain
conditions specified in the agreement are met.

Tildrakizumab-asmn is a humanized lgG1/k monoclonal antibody designed to specifically target IL-23, which is used
to treat adults with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis that are candidates for systemic therapy or phototherapy. In
March 2018, Tildrakizumab was approved by the U.S. FDA under the ILUMYATM brand name for commercialization in
the U.S. market. Two Phase III studies met primary efficacy endpoints, with an average of 63% of patients receiving
Tildrakizumab 100mg achieving 75% of skin clearance by week 12, and 77% of patients achieving 75% skin
clearance after 28 weeks. In the meantime, a higher number of Tildrakizumab-treated patients achieved 90% and
100% of skin clearance compared with placebo and Etanercept. Currently, the substance and formulation patents of
Tildrakizumab have been granted in China. Psoriasis is a common life-long progressive and chronic systemic disease,
which is currently incurable. At present, there are more than 6.5 million people suffering from psoriasis in China with an
incidence rate of 0.47%. About 30% of patients with psoriasis are moderate-to-severe, and nearly 62% of them are
dissatisfied with existing treatment options. According to the Guideline for the Diagnosis and Treatment of Psoriasis
in China (2018 Simplified Edition) , biological agents are recommended for moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis. As a
cost effective biological agent with long-term safety and efficacy, Tildrakizumab-asmn can fulfill unmet clinical needs.
During the Reporting Period, the Group actively worked on the regulatory application and other related work of the
product in China.

Five Innovative Products In-licensed from SPARC
In November 2019, the Group through its wholly-owned subsidiary signed a license agreement with Sun Pharma
Advanced Research Company Ltd. (“SPARC”) for five innovative products, and gained an exclusive license with
the right to grant sublicenses under SPARC’s intellectual property rights and regulatory documentation to develop
and commercialize the products in Greater China. The initial term of the agreement shall be 20 years from the first
commercial sale of the products, and may be extended for additional 3-year increments repeatedly if certain conditions
specified in the agreement are met.




                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          8
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2019
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
    (CONTINUED)




    TaclantisTM/PICS, a new formulation of paclitaxel injection concentrate for suspension developed with the proprietary
    innovative technology platform of SPARC, is expected to have indications such as metastatic breast cancer (MBC),
    locally advanced or metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) and metastatic adenocarcinoma of the pancreas.
    During the Reporting Period, the U.S. FDA accepted the New Drug Application (“NDA”) submitted by SPARC
    for review. In February 2020, SPARC received the Complete Response Letter from the U.S. FDA for the NDA for
    TaclantisTM. Several recommendations in the letter were provided by the U.S. FDA to help SPARC resubmit the NDA.
    Currently, SPARC is actively working on the preparation works. According to 2018 IQVIA data (formerly known as IMS
    data), the sales of paclitaxel in Mainland China were about USD716 million, of which the albumin-bound products were
    about USD91.07 million. TaclantisTM is a Cremophor® and albumin free formulation, preventing the hypersensitivity
    reactions from Cremophor® and the potential risk of viral transmission from human serum albumin. At the same time,
    the premedication to prevent hypersensitivity is generally not needed prior to administration. TaclantisTM is expected to
    provide patients and healthcare professionals a more convenient medication option.

    XelprosTM 0.005%, is a translucent and Latanoprost BAK-free ophthalmic emulsion, indicated for reduction of elevated
    intraocular pressure (IOP) in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension. Xelpros TM was approved by
    the U.S. FDA and was commercialized in the U.S. in 2019. According to IQVIA data, the sales of products with the
    same active pharmaceutical ingredients were about USD12.79 million in Mainland China in 2018.

    PDP-716 eye drops is a once-a-day formulation of Brimonidine and is proposed for the reduction of elevated IOP
    in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension. PDP-716 provides dosing convenience to patients
    compared to currently marketed products that require thrice-a-day dosing. Currently, SPARC has initiated the pivotal
    Phase III study of PDP-716. According to IQVIA data, the sales of products with the same active pharmaceutical
    ingredients were about USD8.24 million in Mainland China in 2018.

    SDN-037 eye drops is a novel long acting (twice-a-day) formulation of a U.S. FDA approved ophthalmic steroid for
    eye pain and inflammation after cataract surgery. The marketed steroidal eye drops require administration every 4 to 6
    hours at present. Apart from providing dosing convenience, this product’s formulation is clear compared to marketed
    formulation, which is milky resulting in blurring of vision after administration. Currently, the product has entered the
    pivotal Phase III study. There is no preparation of the reference steroid launched in Mainland China at present. If
    marketed, this product may become an exclusive product in Mainland China.

    ElepsiaTM XR is a novel product designed as an extended release formulation of Levetiracetam 1000mg/1500mg,
    indicated as adjunctive therapy for the treatment of partial onset seizures in patients 12 years of age and older,
    and approved by the U.S. FDA in 2019. According to IQVIA data, the sales of the products with the same active
    pharmaceutical ingredients were about USD124 million in Mainland China in 2018.




9   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                          (CONTINUED)




Equity Investment in Overseas R&D Companies and Acquisition of the Product Rights
To further enhance the Group’s innovative product pipeline, the Group investigates products with market potential
of R&D companies mainly from overseas and will acquire asset rights (including intellectual property rights) or obtain
exclusive licensing rights (collectively, the “Product Rights”) of such products from R&D companies. In general, the
Group will make equity investments in such R&D companies in order to secure the Product Rights at more favorable
terms. For overseas projects under clinical stage, to reduce risks assumed and capital spending by the Group,
A&B (HK) Company Limited (“A&B”), a company wholly-owned by Mr. Lam Kong, the chairman of the Board, will
collaborate with the Group and assist in securing the Product Rights from potential R&D companies by making equity
investments in such R&D companies.

Pre-September 2017
Procurement of the Product Rights from potential R&D companies and the corresponding investment in R&D
companies was primarily carried out by A&B. After having obtained the Product Rights, A&B would transfer the
Product Rights to the Group at a later stage when the development of the product reached a more advanced
stage and without charging the Group for any upfront or milestone payments. When such products are eventually
successfully launched in the market, only will then the Group be required to pay A&B a royalty payment which is to be
calculated based on the net sales of products. The definitive terms of related transactions have not been determined.
If the Group agrees any definitive terms with A&B, the Company will comply with the relevant provisions of the Rules
Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) (the “Listing
Rules”) including publishing a shareholders circular and seeking independent shareholders’ approval, if applicable.

By not having to pay any upfront payment for acquiring the Product Rights, this strategy allows the Group to reduce
the high inherent development risks of such products. One of the key innovative products obtained under such model
is PoNS (Portable Neurostimulation Device) of Helius Medical Technologies, Inc. (“Helius”).

An Innovative Product In-licensed from Helius -- PoNS (Portable Neurostimulation Device)
Since 2015, A&B has made equity investments in Helius, a U.S. neurotech company focused on neurological
wellness. In 2015, A&B obtained the asset rights (including intellectual property rights) of the product PoNS for Greater
China from Helius. In 2018, A&B transferred its asset rights in PoNS to the Group without any upfront payments. As at
31 December 2019, the Group did not have any equity interest in Helius but held the asset rights (including intellectual
property rights) of PoNS for Greater China.

As a portable neurostimulation device, PoNS is the only tongue delivered stimulator which stimulates the cranial
nerves by acting on the tongue. Combined with exercise training, PoNS was developed for the adjuvant treatment of
balance disorders in patients with traumatic brain injury (TBI), stroke, cerebral palsy, etc. PoNS is a patented product.
The invention patents that protect the product equipment have entered into the Chinese national phase via PCT
international application. Helius submitted the request to the U.S. FDA for De Novo classification and 510(k) clearance
of the PoNS device for the treatment of chronic balance deficit due to mild-to-moderate TBI in September 2018, and
its wholly owned subsidiary received the authorization from Health Canada to market PoNS in October 2018. In April
2019, Helius announced that the U.S. FDA had completed the review of its request for De Novo classification and
510(k) clearance of the PoNS device. The U.S. FDA noted that Helius could generate additional data to address its
concerns and resubmit its request. During the Reporting Period, Helius conducted a pre-submission meeting with
the U.S. FDA, and the U.S. FDA provided Helius with important feedback needed to help finalize the design of a new
study.



                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         10
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2019
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     In China, there are more than 1.3 million people suffering from accidental injuries each year due to traffic accidents,
     which is the most common cause of TBI (accounting for 54% of TBI causes), and there is a large unmet treatment
     need for rehabilitation of TBI prognostic balance disorders. However, currently, there is no approved drug or method
     available to solve this treatment difficulty domestically and overseas. PoNS will provide patients with a new treatment
     method to improve the balance disorders once approved.

     Equity Investment in a U.S. R&D Company Neurelis
     Since 2018, both A&B and the Group have made equity investments in Neurelis, Inc. (“Neurelis”), a U.S. specialty
     pharmaceutical company focused on central nervous system (CNS) innovative therapies. The core senior executives
     of Neurelis focus on diseases of CNS and epilepsy, and possess many years of working experiences in global
     pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies. As at 31 December 2019, the Group held 7.96% ownership of
     Neurelis; A&B held 9.73% ownership of Neurelis.

     NRL-1 (Diazepam Nasal Spray)
     In 2016, A&B obtained the asset rights (including intellectual property rights) of the target product of Neurelis for
     Greater China. In 2018, A&B transferred such rights to the Group without any upfront payment. Developed by Neurelis,
     NRL-1 is a proprietary formulation of diazepam, delivered via a nasal formulation in a spray, for the management of
     pediatric and adult patients who require intermittent use of diazepam to control bouts of increased seizure activity, also
     known as acute repetitive or cluster seizures. NRL-1’s formulation incorporates the unique combination of a Vitamin
     E-based solvent and Intravail® absorption enhancement with the goal of obtaining unparalleled absorption, tolerability,
     and reliability in a nasal formulation. Compared with intravenous diazepam, the product shows 96% absolute
     bioavailability with low variability, and provides a treatment option which is more convenient and can be applied
     anytime and anywhere to patients. The simple and rapid administration can shorten the duration of epileptic seizures
     and lead to better treatment outcomes for patients.

     The Group has been actively working on the regulatory application and other related work of the product in China
     since Neurelis submitted the NDA to the U.S. FDA. During the Reporting Period, the Group received the clinical trial
     notice of diazepam nasal spray from the National Medical Products Administration (“NMPA”) of People Republic of
     China. The Group is required to conduct a comparative pharmacokinetic study in Chinese subjects, and to submit
     a post-marketing study plan to further verify the efficacy and safety at the same time of submitting the NDA. On 13
     January 2020, Neurelis announced that the U.S. FDA had approved the NDA for its product VALTOCOTM nasal spray
     (NRL-1) for its treatment of intermittent, stereotypic episodes of frequent seizure activity (i.e., seizure clusters, acute
     repetitive seizures) in patients with epilepsy 6 years of age and older.

     According to the estimation based on domestic epidemiological data, there are about 6 million active epilepsy patients
     in China, with only about 2 million of them receiving regular treatment, of which 20%-30% (about 0.4-0.6 million) are
     still out of effective control and are at risk of repetitive seizures. Once approved in China, NRL-1 will certainly become
     a long-term indispensable medicine for patients with acute repetitive seizures, and its market prospect is promising.




11   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                        (CONTINUED)




Post-September 2017
As the China’s pharmaceutical reform continues and the country’s supports for innovative research and development
increases, starting from September 2017 the Group adjusted its products introduction strategy and started to obtain
the Product Rights of innovative products under clinical stage directly from R&D companies. The primary purpose of
investing in equity of R&D companies is to obtain intellectual property rights and sales rights of innovative products
under clinical stage at minimum costs and favorable terms (such as a lesser sum for or waiver of upfront fee and/or
milestone payment). To reduce the Group’s investment risks of innovative products under clinical stage, A&B agrees
to take up half of the equity investments required in such R&D companies. Through such 50/50 equity injection,
the Group acquires not only 100% rights of innovative patent products in the relevant territories, but also the equity
interests in the relevant R&D companies. In addition, such equity investments will provide R&D companies with
sufficient funding to accelerate their products R&D and increase the probability of successful commercialization of
products acquired by the Group. This investment model is in the interests of the Company and its shareholders as a
whole. Key innovative products deployed under such model include the following:


Equity Investment in a U.K. R&D Company Midatech Pharma
In 2019, both the Group and A&B made equity investments in Midatech Pharma PLC (“Midatech Pharma”), a
U.K. international specialty pharmaceutical company focused on R&D of a pipeline of medicines for oncology and
immunotherapy. Midatech Pharma owned three innovative technology platforms to deliver drugs at the “right time,
right place”: Gold Nanoparticles to enable targeted delivery; Q-Sphera polymer microspheres to enable sustained
release delivery; and Nano Inclusion to provide local delivery of therapeutics, initially to the brain. The core senior
executives possessed many years of experiences in drug development, biomedicine and high-tech, and worked
as senior executives in multinational corporations. As at 31 December 2019, the Group held 24.34% ownership of
Midatech Pharma; A&B held 24.34% ownership of Midatech Pharma.


MTD201 (A Q-Sphera™ Polymer Microsphere Formulation of Octreotide) and MTX110 (Panobinostat)
In January 2019, the Group through its wholly-owned subsidiary gained exclusive, perpetual, transferable, sub-
licensable rights to develop and commercialize Midatech Pharma’s current products mainly including MTD201,
MTX110 (subject to receipt of consent from Novartis Pharma AG or entities who acquire related rights thereafter), and
certain new pharmaceutical products or line extension for Greater China and certain Southeast Asian countries.

Developed for the treatment of neuroendocrine tumors (NETs) and acromegaly, MTD201 is a Q-Sphera™ polymer
microsphere formulation of Octreotide based on the Q-Sphera™ Microsphere Technology, which enables a no-
burst and sustained drug release over an extended period. Potential advantages of microsphere products obtained
through the technology platform over traditional sustained-release products include: reduced pain on injection, more
predictable and less variable blood drug levels, fewer reconstitution difficulties and needle blockages, and avoidable
losses from uneven particle size and therefore reduced cost. Various production process patents of MTD201 have
been granted in China, which are valid up to 2032. In January 2020, the Phase I clinical study of MTD201 was
completed, and the preparation for the commencement of the next pivotal study for the clinical development is now
underway. The incidence of NETs is just behind colorectal cancer among all the gastrointestinal cancers. Somatostatin
analogs are recommended by guidelines as bio-therapeutic drugs, which have been demonstrated to be effective in
controlling related clinical syndromes caused by excessive hormone secretion. Acromegaly is caused by prolonged
overproduction of growth hormone by the pituitary gland, and Octreotide is the most recommended medication for
patients undergoing surgery while it is the preferred treatment for patients who are not suitable for surgery.



                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         12
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2019
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     Mainly developed for the treatment of diffuse intrinsic pontine glioma (DIPG), MTX110 takes the known active histone
     deacetylase inhibitor (HDACi) panobinostat, and solubilizes it into liquid form using nano-inclusion technology, which
     increases the aqueous solubility of panobinostat and allows high drug concentrations to be delivered directly to the
     tumor while simultaneously minimizing systemic toxicity and other side effects. In October 2019, Midatech Pharma
     announced that the U.S. FDA had granted the company orphan drug designation for MTX110 for the treatment of
     patients with malignant glioma (DIPG included). Midatech Pharma has conducted the Phase I/II clinical trial to evaluate
     the safety, tolerability as well as efficacy of MTX110 given by intratumoral convection enhanced delivery in children with
     newly diagnosed DIPG. DIPG is a type of brain stem gliomas and its survival rate remains very low with overall median
     survival of approximately nine months and less than 1% survival rate within five years. At present, there is no drug for
     this tumor. MTX110 has the potential to bring a new treatment option for DIPG patients.

     In addition to the above product pipeline, as at 31 December 2019, the Group and A&B had made equity investments
     in certain R&D companies, and the Group had obtained the Product Rights of their respective products which are
     summarized as follows:


                                          Ownership Held         Ownership Held
                                                                                             Main Products Acquired
      Overseas R&D Companies                by the Group               by A&B
                                                                                                  by the Group
                                          as at 31 Dec 2019      as at 31 Dec 2019
                                                                                                      XF-73
      Destiny Pharma Plc.                       3.75%                  3.75%
                                                                                         (Exeporfinium chloride) Nasal Gel
                                                                                                       ACT017
      Acticor Biotech                           7.66%                  7.66%
                                                                                          (Platelet glycoprotein VI inhibitor)
                                                                                                      BB2603
      Blueberry Therapeutics Limited            12.53%                 12.53%
                                                                                                 (Terbinafine-nano)
                                                                                                       VXM01
      Vaximm AG                                 4.38%                  4.38%
                                                                                            (Oral T-cell Immunotherapy)




13   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                                         (CONTINUED)




As at 31 December 2019, the Group owned 18 innovative products in various fields including ophthalmology,
dermatology, nervous system, oncology, immune system, digestive system, anti-infection and endocrine system.
Among them, five products have been approved overseas. The following tables summarize the development process
of the Group’s innovative products:

The development process of innovative products (launched overseas /under marketing approval)

                                                                                       FDA/EMA*
                                                                                                   Launched
                                                                     Phase Phase Phase Marketing
    Product             Indication           Innovativeness                                         into the
                                                                       I     II    III  Approval
                                                                                                    Market
                                                                                       Application

              Increasing tear
 Cyclosporine
              production in patients Global nanotechnology
 A, 0.09% Eye
              with keratoconjunctivitis patent
     Drops                                                                                       Approved for marketing by the U.S. FDA
              sicca (dry eye)
                                          Innovative biological
 Tildrakizumab
               Moderate-to-severe         agent; substance
   (Biological
               plaque psoriasis           patent and formulation         Approved for marketing by the U.S. FDA, the Europe EMA and the
     Agent)                                                                                                               Australia TGA**
                                          patent

                 Patients of 6 years of    Innovative drug with
   Diazepam
                 age and older with        proprietary technology
  Nasal Spray
                 acute repetitive seizures for special dosage form                              Approved for marketing by the U.S. FDA #



                 Reduction of elevated    Innovative technology
  Latanoprost    intraocular pressure     platform to dissolve
  Ophthalmic     (IOP) in patients with   ophthalmic drugs
   Emulsion      open-angle glaucoma,     with limited water                                      Approved for marketing by the U.S. FDA
                 or ocular hypertension   absorbability

               Adjunctive therapy for
 Levetiracetam                           Specialty formulation
               the treatment of partial-
   XR Tablet                             technology
               onset seizures                                                                     Approved for marketing by the U.S. FDA



                 Physical adjuvant
                 therapy for balance
      PoNS
                 disorders related     Innovative medical             Received License Clearance from Health Canada to market in Canada
    (Medical
                 symptoms due to mild- device
     Device)
                 to-moderate traumatic
                 brain injury (TBI)
               Metastatic breast
               cancer, locally
   Paclitaxel
               advanced/metastatic
    Injection
               non-small cell lung   Formulation patents
 Concentrate
               cancer, metastatic
for Suspension
               adenocarcinoma of the
               pancreas

* European Medicines Agency (“EMA”)
** Therapeutic Goods Administration (“TGA”)
#
  In January 2020, the U.S. FDA has approved the NDA for Diazepam Nasal Spray

                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED                         14
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2019
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     The development process of innovative products (under clinical stages)


                                                                                               FDA/EMA
                                                                                                            Launched
                                                                          Phase Phase Phase   Marketing
       Product            Indication              Innovativeness                                             into the
                                                                            I     II    III    Approval
                                                                                                             Market
                                                                                              Application

                                               New lead compound;
                                               substance, compound,
       CMS024      Primary liver cancer
                                               use and application
                                               patents
                   Reduction of elevated
                   intraocular pressure (IOP) Resin microparticle-
       PDP-716     in patients with open-     complexed drug
                   angle glaucoma, or ocular technology
                   hypertension
                   Eye pain and                Proprietary nano-sized
       SDN-037     inflammation after          micelle drug delivery
                   cataract surgery            system

                   Rheumatoid arthritis (RA)

        CF101                                  New lead compound

                   Psoriasis


                   Hepatocellular carcinoma
                   (HCC)
        CF102      Non-alcoholic fatty liver   New lead compound
                   disease (NAFLD) / Non-
                   alcoholic steatohepatitis
                   (NASH)
                   Prevention of post-         New lead compound;
        XF-73      surgical staphylococcal     compound patent and
                   infections                  use patent

                   Onychomycosis and tinea
       BB2603                              Formulation patents
                   pedis

        ACT017                            Innovative biological
                  Acute phase of ischemic
      (Biological                         agent; substance
                  stroke
        Agent)                            patent
                                               Innovative biological
        VXM01
                  Recurrent glioblastoma       agent; production
      (Biological
                  (GBM)                        process patent and use
        Agent)
                                               patent
                                               Increases available
                   Diffuse intrinsic pontine
       MTX110                                  routes of administration
                   glioma (DIPG)
                                               for a drug
                   Acromegaly and
                                          Production process
       MTD201      neuroendocrine tumours
                                          patents
                   (NETs )

15   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                       (CONTINUED)




2. Deployment and Development of Generic Drugs with Market Competitiveness
By capitalizing on its abundant product resources and advanced generic pharmaceutical techniques in overseas
markets, the Group intended to deploy complex generic drugs and generic clusters with market competitiveness
in China market selectively. The Group will remain the supplement and iteration of generic clusters to create an
incremental market through participating in the National Volume-based Procurement. During the Reporting Period, the
Group acquired, by way of licensing-in, exclusive license rights in respect of 11 generic drugs, including one complex
generic drug with high imitation barriers.

Sun Pharma: One Complex Generic Drug and Seven Generic Drugs
In August 2019, the Group through its wholly-owned subsidiary signed a license agreement with Sun Pharma for
seven generic products, and gained an exclusive license with the right to grant sublicenses under Sun Pharma’s
intellectual property rights and regulatory documentation to develop and commercialize the products in Mainland
China. The initial term of the agreement shall be 20 years from the first commercial sale of the products and may
be extended for additional 3-year increments as per mutual agreement of the two parties. During the Reporting
Period, the Group and Sun Pharma made collaboration on eight generic drugs in total, including seven generic drugs
mentioned above and one complex generic drug.

According to 2018 IQVIA data, products with the same active pharmaceutical ingredients addressed about one billion
USD potential market in Mainland China.

Biocon: Three Generic Drugs
In September 2019, the Group through its wholly-owned subsidiary signed a license and supply agreement with a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Biocon Limited (“Biocon”) for three generic products, and gained an exclusive license to
register and commercialize the products under the Biocon’s intellectual property in Greater China. The initial term of
the agreement shall be 10 years and may be extended for every fixed period of 2 years on a product-by-product basis
as per certain conditions specified in the agreement or otherwise as per mutual agreement of the two parties.

According to IQVIA data, sales of drugs with the same active pharmaceutical ingredients of the products in Mainland
China were about USD800 million in 2018.


II. Existing Product Development
1. Main Products
Cardio-cerebrovascular Line
The Group’s products under cardio-cerebrovascular line mainly include Plendil, XinHuoSu and Deanxit. During the
Reporting Period, the products under cardio-cerebrovascular line recorded a revenue of RMB2,649.0 million, an
increase of 5.4% compared with the same period last year. If excluding the effect of the “two-invoice system”, the
revenue of products under cardio-cerebrovascular line would increase by 12.1% to RMB3,803.5 million compared
with the same period last year, accounting for 55.1% of the Group’s revenue excluding the effect of the “two-invoice
system”.




                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        16
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2019
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     Plendil (Felodipine Sustained Release Tablets)
     The Group owns the 20-year exclusive license for the commercialization of Plendil in China (HK SAR, Macau SAR
     and TWN excluded). Plendil is manufactured by AstraZeneca Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. ( 阿斯利康製藥有限公司 ),
     and used to treat hypertension and stable angina pectoris. Plendil is in the NRDL, and it was included in the National
     Essential Drugs List (“NEDL”) in 2018. Plendil is a sustained release formulation of Felodipine, which stabilizes and
     controls blood pressure with low occurrence rates of side effects. In 2018, the latest edition of the 2018 Revised
     Edition of Chinese Guidelines for Prevention and Treatment of Hypertension was released and continuously granted
     Felodipine the relevant recommendation based on the previous version (2010). In 2019, the 2019 Chinese Guidelines
     for the Hypertension Management in the Elderly granted Felodipine the relevant recommendation. During the Reporting
     Period, the Group adhered to the differentiation promotion strategy to enhance the brand advantage of “Choice of
     Antihypertensive in China with Cardiovascular and Cerebrovascular Protection”, and accelerated the penetration of the
     county-level and lower-tier markets while stabilizing the core market. For the year ended 31 December 2019, sales of
     Plendil covered around 28,000 hospitals and medical institutions throughout China.

     XinHuoSu (Recombinant Human Brain Natriuretic Peptide for Injection)
     XinHuoSu, manufactured by Chengdu Rhodiola Biological Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of Tibet Rhodiola
     Pharmaceutical Holding Co. (“Tibet Pharma”, an associated company of the Group) in which the Group holds 37.36%
     of the share, is a National Class One biological agent used to treat acute heart failure. It is also the only Recombinant
     Human Brain Natriuretic Peptide (“rhBNP”) currently available in China market. XinHuoSu is included in the NRDL
     and was recommended by the first Acute Heart Failure Diagnosis and Treatment Guideline (2010) in China. rhBNP
     was recommended by the Guidelines for the Rational Medication of Heart Failure Second Edition (2019) and the
     Acute Heart Failure Emergency Diagnosis and Treatment Guideline (2019) during the Reporting Period. XinHuoSu
     has gradually become a new-generation medication for acute heart failure. During the Reporting Period, the Group
     expanded the expert network of the cardiology department with width and depth and established and improved
     the academic and expert platforms related to the critical and emergency conditions of cardiothoracic surgery, to
     further enhance product’s academic influence and its medication status in the field of acute heart failure. In addition,
     the Group strengthened the cross-regional and multi-level communication through integrating resources with other
     products under the Group’s cardio-cerebrovascular line. For the year ended 31 December 2019, sales of XinHuoSu
     covered around 2,900 hospitals and medical institutions throughout China.

     Deanxit (Flupentixol and Melitracen Tablets)
     Deanxit, manufactured by H. Lundbeck A/S of Denmark, is used in the treatment of mild-to-moderate depression,
     anxiety and psychosomatic affections, and is in the NRDL. Based on IQVIA data in 2019, Deanxit ranked first in the
     market share of antidepressant drugs in China. The Flupentixol and Melitracen was recommended by the Guidelines
     for the Diagnosis and Treatment of Common Diseases of the Nervous System with Depression in 2018. During the
     Reporting Period, the Group continued to fully construct and optimize the existing promotion platform for the product,
     and penetrated the expert network to explore and deliver the academic value of the product, to solidify the promotion
     in traditional departments while actively expanding the lower-tier market. At the same time, the Group continued to
     accelerate the expansion of the retail market. For the year ended 31 December 2019, sales of Deanxit covered around
     26,000 hospitals and medical institutions throughout China.




17   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                           (CONTINUED)




Digestion Line
The Group’s products under digestion line mainly include Ursofalk, Salofalk, Bioflor and Combizym. During the
Reporting Period, the revenue of products under digestion line increased by 19.0% to RMB2,185.5 million compared
with the same period last year, accounting for 31.7% of the Group’s revenue excluding the effect of the “two-invoice
system”.

Ursofalk (Ursodeoxycholic Acid Capsules)
Ursofalk is manufactured by Losan Pharma GmbH, Germany, the entrusted manufacturer of Dr. Falk Pharma GmbH
(“Falk”), Germany. Listed in the NRDL, Ursofalk is used for the treatment of cholesterol gallstones in the gallbladder,
cholestatic liver disease and biliary reflux gastritis. Based on IQVIA data in 2019, Ursofalk was the best-selling
ursodeoxycholic acid drug in China, and stably ranked first in sales among products in the Chinese cholagogue
market. In 2019, Ursodeoxycholic was recommended by the Diagnosis and Management of Autoimmune Hepatitis
in Adults and Children: 2019 Practice Guidance and Guidelines from the American Association for the Study of Liver
Diseases and the Chinese Consensus on the Diagnosis and Treatment of Liver Fibrosis 2019. During the Reporting
Period, the Group solidified the promotion in several major departments such as traditional infection and hepatopathy,
and conducted the synergized promotion with other products under digestion line of the Group, further driving the
growth of Ursofalk. Meanwhile, the Group actively established and expanded the authoritative expert network to
consolidate the differentiation academic advantages as well as enhance the brand awareness of the product. For the
year ended 31 December 2019, sales of Ursofalk covered around 11,700 hospitals and medical institutions throughout
China.

Salofalk (Mesalazine)
Salofalk suppositories and enemas are manufactured by Vifor AG Zweigniederlassung Medichmie Ettingen,
Switzerland, and the enteric-coated tablets of Salofalk are manufactured by Losan Pharma GmbH, Germany. Both
are the entrusted manufacturers of Falk, Germany. Salofalk is mainly used to treat Ulcerative Colitis, including the
treatment of acute exacerbations and the maintenance treatment to prevent recurrence, as well as the treatment of
acute exacerbations of Crohn’s disease. Salofalk is in the NRDL, and it was also included in the NEDL in 2018. It is
the Mesalazine with the fullest dosage forms in China market currently. Based on IQVIA data in 2019, Salofalk ranked
first in the market share of inflammatory bowel disorder drugs in China. In 2019, Mesalazin was recommended by the
2019 British Society of Gastroenterology Consensus Guidelines on the Management of Inflammatory Bowel Disease
in Adults and the Expert Consensus on Management of Inflammatory Bowel Disease during Pregnancy (2019). During
the Reporting Period, the Group actively optimized the core expert network and platform to promote the standardized
treatment level of relevant indications while enhancing a positive brand image of Salofalk across various levels of expert
network. At the same time, leveraging the opportunities arising from the inclusion in NEDL, the Group continued to
expand the deployment of the full dosage forms of Salofalk in potential hospitals to promote its sales growth. For the
year ended 31 December 2019, sales of Salofalk covered around 4,000 hospitals and medical institutions throughout
China.




                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          18
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2019
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     Bioflor (Saccharomyces Boulardii Sachets)
     Manufactured by Biocodex of France, Bioflor is a probiotic agent used to treat diarrhea in adults and children, as well
     as diarrhea symptoms induced by intestinal flora disturbance. Bioflor is the global leading probiotics preparations
     currently. The latest Chinese Clinical Practice Guidelines for Children with Acute Infectious Diarrhea published in 2016
     gave Bioflor a high level of recommendation. In 2017, the World Gastroenterology Organization (“WGO”) updated the
     Probiotics and Prebiotics Guideline and the authoritative recommendation of Bioflor for relevant indications remained
     as in the previous version (2011). During the Reporting Period, adhering to the academic-oriented differentiation
     promotion strategy in core indications of pediatric department based on the evidence of evidence-based medicine,
     the Group cooperated with Biocodex to carry out academic forums and conference tours nationwide, and actively
     organized academic seminars and re-education activities fully leveraging online digital promotion tools and offline
     promotion initiatives. For the year ended 31 December 2019, sales of Bioflor covered around 4,000 hospitals and
     medical institutions throughout China.

     Combizym (Oryz-Aspergillus Enzyme and Pancreatin Tablets)
     The Group owns related assets of Combizym for Greater China and other designated countries or areas, and has
     entrusted the manufacture of the product to Nordmark Arzneimittel GmbH & Co.KG, Germany. The main ingredients
     of Combizym are extracts of pancreatin and aspergillus oryzae enzymes. The product is used for treating dyspepsia
     caused by a decrease in digestive enzymes and is in the NRDL. Issued in 2019, the Consensus on Diagnosis and
     Treatment of Chronic Cholecystitis and Gallstones in China (2018) granted Combizym the recommendation for its
     relevant indications. During the Reporting Period, leveraging the integration of expert resources from various levels
     and resources of other products under the digestion line, the Group continually rolled out with clinical research and
     recommendation of academic guidelines to enhance the academic infiltration and driving force of Combizym. For
     the year ended 31 December 2019, sales of Combizym covered around 2,000 hospitals and medical institutions
     throughout China.

     Ophthalmology Line
     The Group’s main product under ophthalmology line is Augentropfen Stulln Mono Eye Drops. During the Reporting
     Period, the revenue of the product under ophthalmology line increased by 14.3% to RMB257.6 million, compared
     with the same period last year, accounting for 3.7% of the Group’s revenue excluding the effect of the “two-invoice
     system”.

     Augentropfen Stulln Mono Eye Drops (Esculin and Digitalisglycosides Eye Drops)
     The Group owns related assets of Augentropfen Stulln Mono Eye Drops for China (HK SAR and Macau SAR included)
     market, and has entrusted the manufacture to Pharma Stulln GmbH of Germany. Augentropfen Stulln Mono Eye
     Drops is used to treat senile macula degeneration and all forms of asthenopia. It is the only eye drops in China market
     for the treatment of macula degeneration and the representative drug for asthenopia, and it is preservative-free. In
     2019, as the therapeutic drug of asthenopia, Stulln was recommended by the Expert Consensus on Perioperative
     Medication for Corneal Laser Refractive Surgery in China (2019) . During the Reporting Period, leveraging various
     levels of the ophthalmological academic platforms, academic re-education platforms and digital marketing, the Group
     actively conducted academic conferences and product re-education activities. Meanwhile, the Group stabilized
     promotional work in the ocular fundus disease and continued to reinforce and refine promotional work in related fields
     of asthenopia. For the year ended 31 December 2019, sales of Stulln covered around 8,800 hospitals and medical
     institutions throughout China.




19   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                        (CONTINUED)




Dermatology Line
The Group’s products under dermatology line mainly include Hirudoid. During the Reporting Period, the revenue of
products under dermatology line increased by 15.9% to RMB182.4 million compared with the same period last year,
accounting for 2.6% of the Group’s revenue excluding the effect of the “two-invoice system”.

Hirudoid (Mucopolysaccharide Polysulfate Cream)
The Group owns the related assets of Hirudoid for China (HK SAR, Macau SAR and TWN excluded) market, and has
entrusted the manufacture of the product to Mobilat Produktions GmbH, Germany. Hirudoid is used in the treatment
of blunt traumata with or without hematomas, and superficial phlebitis that cannot be treated by compression and
the drug is proven to have broad effects and high safety. The active ingredient of Hirudoid is mucopolysaccharide
polysulfate, which was recommended by Japan JSA Guidelines for Atopic Dermatitis in 2017, and also recommended
by China’s first edition of Expert Consensus on Diagnosis and Treatment of Senile Skin Pruritus in 2018. During the
Reporting Period, Hirudoid was included in 2019 NRDL. The Group intensively cultivated experts’ consensus and
upper-level evidence of evidence-based medicine, explored in depth the refined promotion in the dermatological
indications of Hirudoid, while actively expanding the promotion around the systematic and standardized medication of
hemodialysis pathway. All these efforts were aimed at driving the growth of Hirudoid. For the year ended 31 December
2019, sales of Hirudoid covered around 8,500 hospitals and medical institutions throughout China.


2. Other Products
During the Reporting Period, other products sold and promoted by the Group recorded a revenue of RMB799.1
million, an increase of 14.1% compared with the same period last year. If excluding the effect of the “two-invoice
system”, the revenue would decrease by 10.3% to RMB468.2 million compared with the same period last year,
accounting for 6.8% of the Group’s revenue excluding the effect of the “two-invoice system”.


III. Network Development
To actively adapt to the policy direction in the pharmaceutical industry and to build up a professional and compliant
academic promotion carrier that is more suitable for the promotion of innovative products in the future, the Group
has accelerated the strategic planning and upgrading of its academic network. During the Reporting Period, the
Group concentrated on the planning of its academic network regions coverage. Through refining and subdividing
the product promotional lines in the core markets, the Group conducted deployment of the academic promotion for
future innovative products in advance while enhancing the promotion efficiency for existing products. In addition, the
Group expanded the coverage of the lower-tier market and continued to explore the depth of its academic network.
On the other hand, in order to enhance the professionalism and efficiency of the promotion for each product line in the
academic network, the Group has implemented a more refined and professional management for its promotional team
leveraging innovative technology tools. During the Reporting Period, the Group introduced an online job qualification
system, continued to establish and optimize the training system, and constantly strengthened all kinds of medical
knowledge, drug academic knowledge, and compliance awareness of its promotional staff, aiming to build a more
professional, compliant and efficient promotional team. As at December 31, 2019, the academic promotion network of
the Group had about 3,100 professional marketing and promotion related personnel. For the year ended 31 December
2019, the Group’s promotion network had covered around 57,000 hospitals and medical institutions in China.




                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         20
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2019
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     At the same time, as the national coordinated reform of “Medical Services, Health Insurance, and the Medicine
     Industry” gradually progressed, the trend of prescription outflow has been intensified. During the Reporting Period,
     the Group continued to expand the scale of its retail team and coverage of existing products at drugstores in the retail
     market. Through a deepened exploration and steady optimization of the retail data system, the Group further improved
     the efficiency and accuracy of data analysis. The Group conducted hierarchy management for chain drugstores,
     distinguished the key drugstores from the rest while allocating relevant resources to provide support for the long-term
     growth of its retailing products. Also, the Group has built a new compensation and assessment system and improved
     the assessment standards based on comprehensive indicators, to achieve a refined internal management of retail
     business for laying a foundation for the expansion and development of its retail team.


     IV. Internal Reorganization
     In view of the Chinese government policies on increasing the cooperation among Guangdong Province, HK SAR
     and Macau SAR as well as promoting the development of the Greater Bay Area, to satisfy the Group’s development
     needs and to improve the overall administrative efficiency, the Group underwent an internal division adjustment to its
     overseas business in 2019.

     The primary functions of CMS Pharma Co., Ltd (a company incorporated in Malaysia) prior to the division adjustment
     included: identifying, selecting and evaluating potential product candidates for introduction to the Group’s pipeline;
     negotiating with suppliers and manufacturers (mainly drug companies) and procuring the product rights to the
     selected product candidates; supervising quality control over the suppliers’ manufacturing of the Group’s products;
     managing the supply chain; and formulating a sales and marketing strategy framework for each product. Over the
     course of 2019, CMS Pharma Co., Ltd assigned its functions to the following four companies including CMS Bridging
     Limited (a company incorporated in HK SAR), CMS International Development and Management Limited (a company
     incorporated in Macau SAR), CMS Pharma DMCC (a company incorporated in Dubai) and CMS Bridging DMCC
     (a company incorporated in Dubai).The Group is confident that the new overseas business structure will be more
     conducive to attracting and stabilizing international medical, pharmaceutical and other professionals for the Group,
     and add impetus to the long-term development of the Group.


     Subsequent Events
     Extension of the Exclusive Promotion and Sales Right of Deanxit to 31 December 2022
     Based on the long-term satisfactory collaboration and according to the extension mechanism under the addendum
     signed on 31 January 2013 with Lundbeck Export A/S for its product Deanxit, the Group’s (acting through its wholly-
     owned subsidiary) exclusive promotion and sales right of Deanxit in China (excluding HK SAR, Macau SAR and TWN)
     has been extended from 31 December 2020 to 31 December 2022.




21   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                                      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                                 (CONTINUED)




Signing a License Agreement of the Innovative Product Desidustat with Zydus
The Group through its wholly-owned subsidiary signed a license agreement with Cadila Healthcare Limited (“Zydus”)
for its product Desidustat (ZYAN1) on 20 January 2020. According to the agreement, the Group, through its wholly-
owned subsidiary, will gain a royalty bearing, exclusive, sub-licensable license under the licensed technology and
Zydus data to develop, register and to manufacture, use and commercialize the product in Greater China, and
the manufacturing of the final product will be localized by the Group in China with technology transfer from Zydus.
The term of the agreement starts on the date of signing the agreement until the last date of the occurrence of the
following: (i) the expiration of the last–to-expire patent containing a valid claim covering the manufacture, use, import,
offer for sale or sale of the product in the related territory; (ii) ten years after the first commercial sale of the product
in the related territory; and (iii) the expiration of all regulatory exclusivities for the product in the related territory. Upon
expiration of the aforementioned term, the agreement may be renewable for every single period of five years thereafter
as per certain conditions defined in the agreement. For more information, please refer to the “Voluntary and Business
Update Announcement Related to Signing a License Agreement of the Innovative Product Desidustat with Zydus”
published by the Company on 20 January 2020.


Donation of CytoSorb Cytokine Adsorbers to Selected Mainland China Healthcare Institutions to
Treat Severe Patients with Novel Coronavirus Pneumonia
The Group signed an agreement with CytoSorbents Corporation (“CytoSorbents”, NASDAQ stock symbol: CTSO)
on 19 February 2020 to work together to donate an initial quantity of CytoSorb® extracorporeal cytokine adsorbers
from CytoSorbents to selected healthcare institutions in Mainland China for clinical evaluation in critically-ill 2019 novel
coronavirus pneumonia patients. Recently, the Coronavirus Disease 2019 (“COVID-19”) is breaking out in Mainland
China. Several medical researches have shown that a significant proportion of critically-ill COVID-19 patients have
had severe inflammatory responses, which has led, in many cases, to acurate respiratory distress syndrome, shock,
and multiple organ failure, with a poor prognosis and sometimes death. Considering the above, the Group reached
an urgent agreement with CytoSorbents to work together to jointly donate an initial number of CytoSorb® blood
purification cartridges to selected Mainland China healthcare institutions, in order to support a clinical evaluation of
CytoSorb® in the treatment of critically-ill COVID-19 patients with a high inflammatory response who also require
extracorporeal blood purification (continuous renal replacement therapy (CRRT) / extracorporeal membrane
oxygenation (ECMO), etc.). In order to meet the needs of preventing and controlling the outbreak, the Group will apply
to the relevant authorities for the urgent importation of CytoSorb® pursuant to related regulations such as “Opinions
on the Urgent Importation of Unlicensed Medical Devices in China” (《關於緊急進口未在中國註冊醫療器械的意
                                               ®
見 》) by NMPA, so as to donate CytoSorb to selected healthcare institutions as soon as possible. Based on the
results of the clinical evaluation, the Group may further commercially collaborate with CytoSorbents in due course. For
more information, please refer to the “Voluntary and Business Update Announcement Donation of CytoSorb Cytokine
Adsorbers to Selected Mainland China Healthcare Institutions to Treat Severe Patients with Novel Coronavirus
Pneumonia” published by the Company on 19 February 2020.




                                                                                   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED            22
                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2019
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     Impacts of COVID-19
     Since the outbreak of COVID-19 in January 2020, a series of precautionary and control measures have been and
     continued to be implemented across China and other parts of the world. At the same time, the Chinese government
     also issued several supporting policies, including reducing or exempting companies from paying social insurance and
     housing provident funds, and providing loan interest subsidies, to alleviate the impact on businesses. The Group will
     pay close attention to the development of COVID-19. To prevent the outbreak from having material adverse effects on
     the businesses, the Group actively cooperates with the government for various precautionary and control measures
     to resume business and production, carries out online academic conferences, and keeps close communication with
     overseas suppliers.


     Impacts of Significant Policies with respect to Pharmaceutical Industry
     As one of the players in the China pharmaceutical industry, the Group is exposed to various types of policy potential
     risks in the industry. However, the Group has actively embraced the changes brought by pharmaceutical reform
     policies, and adhered to the long-term development strategy with innovation as its core.

     In 2019, the National Volume-based Procurement policy was the most significant policy affecting the development
     of the Chinese pharmaceutical industry. With the implementation of the Volume-based Procurement policy in “4+7”
     pilot cities, the nationwide expansion of the “4+7”, and the release of the policy and catalogue of the second round
     of Volume-based Procurement, such policy has accelerated the progress this year. The latest policy shows that the
     Volume-based Procurement has evolved to accommodate multiple bidding winners from one exclusive winner in
     the “4+7” pilot program, which is a change that reduces the risk of over-competition under the exclusive winner-rule
     to a certain extent; meanwhile, all products included in the second round of Volume-based Procurement contain at
     least two generics passing the consistency evaluation. As at 31 December 2019, none of the products sold by the
     Group was included in the catalogue of the National Volume-based Procurement, thus this policy has not affected the
     operation and profitability of the Group during the Reporting Period, and will not affect the operation and profitability
     of the Group during the implementation period of the second round of Volume-based Procurement. In the future,
     the potential risks for the Group under the National Volume-based Procurement policy will depend on any specific
     changes in the policy, the number of generics competitors of the Group’s several original products sold passing the
     consistency evaluation, and the time those generics competitors passing the evaluation etc.; the Group will continue to
     watch closely for the policy changes and follow up the progress of consistency evaluation. The Group will accelerate
     the progress of the marketing approval and commercialization of the Group’s innovative products and that of the highly
     competitive generics in China. The Group is working towards achieving the commercialization of innovative products
     and generics in the China market as early as possible, so as to offset the potential risk of the Group’s original products
     being possibly included into the catalogue of the Volume-based Procurement in the future.




23   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                          (CONTINUED)




Outlook and Future Development
In recent years, economic progress, gradual improvement of people’s living standards and the increase in health
awareness, an aging population, alongside the acceleration of urbanization and continuous investment by the Chinese
government in the medical and healthcare sectors were spurring the rapid development and the expanding market
scale of China pharmaceutical industry. At the same time, the continuous introduction of weighty pharmaceutical
policies has accelerated the upgrading and optimization of China pharmaceutical industry. Along with the reduction
of drug prices, improvement of drug quality and enhancement of rational drug use, the trend of product structure
in China pharmaceutical market is moving towards innovative products, and the standards of drug promotion in
the pharmaceutical market are becoming more professional. Capitalizing on the Group’s nationwide professional
academic network built in the past two decades, the Group is fully confident that it will be able to boost the long-term
development of its future product clusters with innovative products as its core in the China market, thus will maintain a
solid performance growth.

While consolidating the product competence of the existing products, the Group is confident of building up a
sustainable development driving force for its new products. On the one hand, the Group will continue to make
equity investments in first-rate overseas pharmaceutical companies or forge long-term strategic cooperations with
them, aiming at deploying more innovative products into its new product clusters to fulfill the unmet needs of China
pharmaceutical market. The Group will also concentrate on accelerating the China market commercialization process
for innovative products that have been launched overseas. On the other hand, the Group will continue to capitalize on
its forward-looking vision to selectively deploy generic drug clusters with market competitiveness in China market, in
order to expand the incremental market by capturing the dividends from the National Volume-based Procurement.

In terms of network development, the Group intends to continuously optimize its promotion network and continually
adhere to a compliant, efficient and professional academic promotion system to support the constant release of energy
of the Group’s innovative product clusters in the academic promotion of China market. By constantly optimizing and
upgrading the existing network and leveraging the accumulated academic resources from corresponding therapeutic
departments of its existing products, the Group will build a more professional, dedicated, and differentiated academic
promotion carrier for the upcoming commercialization of innovative products. The implementation of the national
hierarchical diagnosis and treatment system is in progress. Adapting to this, the Group will continue to move down the
academic promotion network and penetrate the lower-tier market to further explore the depth of the Group’s academic
promotion.

Looking ahead, China pharmaceutical market will usher in a new developmental stage, with the co-existence of
glory and hardship. In the foreseeable future, CMS aspires to become one of the most forefront players striving for
progress in China pharmaceutical market. “The mission will be accomplished with perseverance”. Upholding the belief
unwaveringly and capitalizing on the robust innovation driving force, the Group will forge and march onwards with
determination regardless of any difficulties!




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          24
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2019
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     Financial Review
     In reading the following discussion and analysis, please also refer to the audited consolidated financial statements and
     notes to the financial statements in the Annual Report.

     The Group prepared the consolidated financial statements in accordance with the International Financial Reporting
     Standards. The Group’s financial performance is summarized as follows:


     Turnover
     Turnover increased by 11.8% from RMB5,433.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2018 to RMB6,073.6 million
     for the year ended 31 December 2019. Excluding the effect of the “two-invoice system”, turnover increased by
     12.4% to RMB6,897.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2019 from RMB6,134.5 million for the year ended 31
     December 2018, mainly due to an increase in sales volume.


     Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin
     Gross profit increased by 16.1% from RMB3,916.9 million for the year ended 31 December 2018 to RMB4,546.3
     million for the year ended 31 December 2019; excluding the effect of the “two-invoice system”, gross profit increased
     by 15.4% to RMB4,173.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2019 from RMB3,616.8 million for the year ended
     31 December 2018, primarily reflecting an increase in turnover. Gross profit margin increased by 2.8 percentage points
     to 74.9% for the year ended 31 December 2019 from 72.1% for the year ended 31 December 2018; excluding the
     effect of the “two-invoice system”, gross profit margin increased by 1.5 percentage points to 60.5% for the year ended
     31 December 2019 from 59.0% for the year ended 31 December 2018, mainly due to a decrease in value added tax
     rate.


     Selling Expenses
     Selling expenses increased by 15.9% from RMB1,672.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2018 to RMB1,939.2
     million for the year ended 31 December 2019; selling expenses as a percentage of turnover increased by 1.1
     percentage points to 31.9% for the year ended 31 December 2019 from 30.8% for the year ended 31 December
     2018. Excluding the effect of the “two-invoice system”, selling expenses as a percentage of turnover increased by 0.3
     percentage point to 22.7% for the year ended 31 December 2019 from 22.4% for the year ended 31 December 2018,
     primarily reflecting an increase in academic promotion activities and human costs of the Group.


     Administrative Expenses
     Administrative expenses increased by 3.3% from RMB243.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2018 to
     RMB251.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2019; administrative expenses as a percentage of turnover
     decreased by 0.4 percentage point to 4.1% for the year ended 31 December 2019 from 4.5% for the year ended
     31 December 2018. Excluding the effect of the “two-invoice system”, administrative expenses as a percentage of
     turnover decreased by 0.4 percentage point to 3.6% for the year ended 31 December 2019 from 4.0% for the year
     ended 31 December 2018, primarily reflecting the Group’s effective expenses control and the benefit from economies
     of scale.




25   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                          (CONTINUED)




Other Gains and Losses
Other gains and losses increased by 1,415.3% from a loss of RMB5.6 million for the year ended 31 December
2018 to a gain of RMB73.8 million for the year ended 31 December 2019, mainly reflecting an increase in receiving
government subsidies and the exchange gain on bank borrowings in foreign currencies.


Share of Result of Associates
Share of result of associates increased by 37.9% from RMB82.9 million for the year ended 31 December 2018 to
RMB114.3 million for year ended 31 December 2019, mainly reflecting an increase in profit of the associate Tibet
Pharmaceutical.


Finance Costs
Finance costs decreased by 21.7% from RMB71.9 million for the year ended 31 December 2018 to RMB56.3 million
for the year ended 31 December 2019, mainly reflecting a decrease in utilization of bank borrowings.


Income Tax Expense
Income tax expense increased by RMB370.2 million from RMB161.8 million for the year ended 31 December 2018 to
RMB532.0 million for the year ended 31 December 2019. Excluding the income tax impact arising from the change
in income tax policy applicable to a subsidiary of the Group for the Reporting Period, income tax expense increased
by RMB48.9 million to RMB210.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2019. Pursuant to the tax policy revised
by Labuan government at the end of 2018, trading entities in Labuan are not allowed to elect to pay a lump sum
tax of MYR20,000 annually, only specific industries by which economic substance requirements are met are eligible
to be taxed at 3% of net audited profits, all other industries shall be taxed at 24% of net audited profits, starting
from 1 January 2019. Labuan government is planning to take the trading industry by which economic substance
requirements are met (in which the business of CMS Pharma Co., Ltd fell) into the list applicable to tax rate of 3%, this
has been filed to Malaysia government in February 2020 and waiting for its approval.


Profit for the Year
Profit for the year increased by 6.0% from RMB1,844.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2018 to RMB1,955.7
million for the year ended 31 December 2019; excluding the income tax to be determined, profit for the year increased
by 23.4% to RMB2,277.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2019, mainly due to the continuous growth in
turnover and an increase in other gains.


Inventories
Inventories decreased by 6.4% from RMB434.7 million as at 31 December 2018 to RMB407.1 million as at 31
December 2019. Average inventory turnover days decreased from 108 days for the year ended 31 December 2018 to
101 days for the year ended 31 December 2019, mainly due to the improvement on stock management efficiency.


Trade Receivables
Trade receivables decreased by 21.8% from RMB1,280.7 million as at 31 December 2018 to RMB1,001.9 million as at
31 December 2019. Average trade receivables turnover days decreased to 69 days for the year ended 31 December
2019 from 77 days for the year ended 31 December 2018, mainly due to the strengthened management on trade
receivables.




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          26
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2019
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     Trade Payables
     Trade payables decreased by 58.5% from RMB106.1 million as at 31 December 2018 to RMB44.0 million as at 31
     December 2019. Average trade payables turnover days decreased to 18 days for the year ended 31 December 2019
     from 28 days for the year ended 31 December 2018, mainly reflecting the difference in time points of purchases.


     Liquidity and Financial Resources
     As at 31 December 2019, the Group’s bank balances and cash amounted to RMB1,365.0 million while readily
     realizable bank acceptance bills amounted to RMB414.0 million. As at 31 December 2018, the bank balances and
     cash amounted to RMB815.1 million while readily realizable bank acceptance bills amounted to RMB291.6 million.

     As at 31 December 2019, the cash and cash equivalents of the Group were mainly denominated in RMB, with small
     amount denominated in United States Dollar (“US$”), Euro (“EUR”), Great Britain Pound (“GBP”), Swiss Franc (“CHF”)
     and Hong Kong Dollars (“HK$”).

     The following table is a summary of our consolidated statements of cash flows:


                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December
                                                                                               2019             2018
                                                                                           RMB’000          RMB’000
      Net cash from operating activities                                                  2,555,119         1,754,565
      Net cash used in investing activities                                                 (309,386)        (239,689)
      Net cash used in financing activities                                               (1,695,137)      (1,554,311)
      Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalent                                   550,596           (39,435)


      Cash and cash equivalent at beginning of the year                                     815,081          855,629
      Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                                   (669)          (1,113)
      Cash and cash equivalent at end of the year                                         1,365,008          815,081


     Net cash from operating activities
     The Group’s net cash generated from operating activities was RMB2,555.1 million for the year ended 31 December
     2019 compared with RMB1,754.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2018, an increase of 45.6% mainly due to
     an increase in turnover and the difference in time points of settlements.

     Net cash used in investing activities
     For the year ended 31 December 2019, the Group’s net cash used in investing activities was RMB309.4 million
     compared with RMB239.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2018, an increase of 29.1% mainly due to an
     increase in acquisition of product rights.




27   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                        (CONTINUED)




Net cash used in financing activities
For the year ended 31 December 2019, the Group’s net cash used in financing activities was RMB1,695.1 million
compared with RMB1,554.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2018, an increase of 9.1% mainly due to an
increase in dividend payment.


Net Current Assets

                                                                                       As at 31 December
                                                                                          2019                 2018
                                                                                      RMB’000              RMB’000
 Current Assets
   Inventories                                                                         407,058              434,661
   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                  2,736                     -
   Trade receivables                                                                 1,001,862            1,280,702
   Other receivables and prepayments                                                   583,862              438,052
   Tax recoverable                                                                      10,801                 8,296
   Derivative financial instruments                                                     28,192                      -
   Amount due from an associate                                                        152,804              137,749
   Bank balances and cash                                                            1,365,008              815,081
                                                                                     3,552,323            3,114,541
 Current Liabilities
   Trade payables                                                                       44,040              106,134
   Other payables                                                                      328,756              276,081
   Lease liabilities                                                                      9,388                     -
   Contract liabilities                                                                 12,939                 5,469
   Bank borrowings                                                                     693,909               25,000
   Derivative financial instruments                                                         142                     -
   Deferred consideration payables                                                      10,744                 8,847
   Tax payable                                                                         447,784              129,314
                                                                                     1,547,702              550,845


 Net current assets                                                                  2,004,621            2,563,696


The Group’s liquidity requirements will be satisfied by a combination of cash flow generated from operating activities,
long-term bank loans and other financing means, according to the corporate development strategy.




                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         28
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2019
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     Capital Expenditures
     The following table shows the Group’s capital expenditure:


                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December
                                                                                              2019                 2018
                                                                                          RMB’000              RMB’000
      Deposits for acquisition of intangile assets                                         302,927               23,120
      Purchase of prepaid lease payments                                                           -               4,997
      Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                              37,546              33,855
      Purchase of equity instruments                                                         42,510             230,953
                                                                                           382,983              292,925


     Capital Structure and Gearing Ratio
     The Company reviews the capital structure on a regular basis, and considers the cost of capital and the risks
     associated with each class of capital, for maximizing the return to shareholders of the Company.

     The following table shows the Group’s debts:


                                                                                           As at 31 December
                                                                                              2019                 2018
                                                                                          RMB’000              RMB’000
      Interest bearing bank borrowings                                                     693,909            1,465,195


     The Group had bank borrowings of RMB693.9 million as at 31 December 2019 (31 December 2018: RMB1,465.2
     million). During the year ended 31 December 2019, the Group repaid part of bank borrowings. The details of bank
     borrowings are set out in note 29 to the consolidated financial statements.

     As said above, along with the decrease in the Group’s bank borrowings, the Group’s gearing ratio, calculated as bank
     borrowings divided by total assets, decreased by 7.7 percentage points to 6.2% as at 31 December 2019 from 13.9%
     as at 31 December 2018.


     Market Risks
     We are exposed to various types of market risks, including interest rate risks, foreign exchange risks, policy risks
     and inflation risks in the normal course of business. These risks are set out in note 36 to the consolidated financial
     statements.




29   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                                   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                             (CONTINUED)




The Group is mainly exposed to currency risk of the US$, EUR, GBP, CHF and HK$. For the Group’s subsidiaries in
China, the conversion of RMB into foreign currencies is subject to the rules and regulations of foreign exchange control
promulgated by the PRC government. Any significant exchange rate fluctuations of foreign currencies against RMB
may have a financial impact on the Group. The Group closely monitors the fluctuation of exchange rates and reviews
the foreign currency risk management strategy from time to time, the management will consider hedging foreign
currency exposure as appropriate. As at 31 December 2019, the Group had entered into certain foreign currency
forward contracts to hedge foreign currency risk, for details please refer to note 32 to the consolidated financial
statements.

The Group will closely monitor the interest rate movements so as to mitigate the expected interest rate risk.


Pledge of Assets
As at 31 December 2019, the Group had pledged property, plant and equipment and leasehold land with net book
values of approximately RMB69,838,000 and RMB15,904,000, respectively to secure certain bank borrowings and
general banking facilities granted to the Group.


Contingent Liabilities
As at 31 December 2019, the Group had no material contingent liabilities.


Loan Agreements with Covenants Relating to Specific Performance of the Controlling
Shareholder
On 20 June 2017, Sky United Trading Limited (“Sky United”) (as borrower) (the “Borrower”) and the Company (as
guarantor) entered into a facility agreement (the “Facility Agreement”) with Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong)
Limited (as original lender, mandated lead arranger and bookrunner and agent) in respect of a US$300,000,000 term
loan facility (the “Facility”) as been made available to the Borrower for a term of 36 months from the first utilization date
under the Facility Agreement.

Pursuant to the Facility Agreement, if, among other things, Mr. Lam Kong, the chairman of the Board, an executive
director and a controlling shareholder of the Company (i) ceases to directly or indirectly own more than 30% of
the total issued shares (of each class) in the Company; or (ii) ceases to directly or indirectly be the single largest
shareholder in the issued shares (of each class) in the Company, the agent (acting on the instructions of the majority
lenders under the Facility) may, by not less than 30 days’ notice in advance to the Borrower, cancel all commitments
under the Facility and declare that all outstanding loans together with accrued interest and all other amounts accrued
under the Facility will become immediately due and payable. As at 31 December 2019, Mr. Lam Kong (directly and
indirectly) held approximately 44.46% of the total issued ordinary share capital of the Company.


Dividend
For the year ended 31 December 2019, the Group paid an interim dividend for 2019 and a final dividend for 2018 of
RMB467.1 million and RMB355.7 million, respectively. For the year ended 31 December 2018, the Group paid an
interim dividend for 2018 and a final dividend for 2017 of RMB382.0 million and RMB346.5 million, respectively.




                                                                                CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           30
                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2019
     DIRECTORS AND SENIOR
     MANAGEMENT

     Executive Directors
     Mr. Lam Kong, aged 55, is the Chairman, Chief Executive and President of the Group and was appointed as an
     executive Director on 18 December 2006. Mr. Lam is responsible for the creation, implementation and management
     of the Group’s development and growth strategy. Mr. Lam possesses clinical experience and has many years of
     extensive experience in marketing, promotion, sales and other value-added services for pharmaceutical products in
     China. He received his bachelor’s degree in medicine from Zhanjiang Medical College in 1986, which was renamed
     to Guangdong Medical University. Mr. Lam is a member of the Nomination Committee of the Company and the sole
     director of Treasure Sea Limited, the controlling shareholder of the Company.

     Mr. Lam is the controlling shareholder of the Company and is interested or deemed to be interested in the Shares and
     underlying Shares of the Company for the purpose of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (“SFO”), the
     details of which are set out on page 38 of this annual report.

     Mr. Chen Hongbing, aged 53, is the Chief Operating Officer and Vice-president of the Group and was appointed
     as an executive Director on 18 December 2006. He joined the Group in 1995 and has remained with the Group
     since then. Mr. Chen is responsible for the operation of the Group’s marketing, promotion and sale business and
     management of product manufacturing. He had acquired about 4 years’ public hospital doctor experience as a doctor
     with Nanjing Gulou Hospital from 1990 to 1994 prior to joining the Group in 1995. He received his bachelor’s degree in
     clinical medicine from Nanjing Medical College in 1990, which was renamed to Nanjing Medical University.

     Mr. Chen is the sole director of Viewell Limited (a shareholder of the Company) and is interested or deemed to be
     interested in the Shares and underlying Shares of the Company for the purpose of Part XV of SFO, the details of which
     are set out on page 38 of this annual report.

     Ms. Chen Yanling (former Chinese name was 陳艷玲 ), aged 49, is the Chief Financial Officer and Vice-president
     of the Group and was appointed as an executive Director on 18 December 2006. She joined the Group in 1995 and
     has remained with the Group since then. Ms. Chen is responsible for the Group’s financial management, investor
     relations, government affairs and administration. She holds an EMBA degree and is a senior accountant with extensive
     experience in financial management. Ms. Chen was awarded with the “Best CFO of Hong Kong Listed Companies”
     in the GeLongHui’s first Best Listed Companies of Greater China Award in May 2019. From 2012 to 2018, Ms. Chen
     was awarded the “All-Asia Best CFO (Overall) in Healthcare and Pharmaceutical Industry” by the Institutional Investor
     Magazine for seven consecutive times.

     Ms. Chen is interested or deemed to be interested in the Shares and underlying Shares of the Company for the
     purpose of Part XV of SFO, the details of which are set out on page 38 of this annual report.




31   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                                   DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
                                                                                                       (CONTINUED)




Independent Non-Executive Directors
Mr. Cheung Kam Shing, Terry, aged 57, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on 18 August
2010. Mr. Cheung has more than 30 years’ experience in securities broking, investment banking, fund management,
private equity and other financial areas. The companies he worked for after graduating from the University of Hong
Kong in 1984 included Sanyo Securities (Asia) Limited, Fidelity International Investment Management Limited, Kerry
Securities Limited, Sassoon Securities Limited, and Core-Pacific Yamaichi International (HK) Limited from 1984 to
2000. Mr. Cheung served as a managing director at Culturecom Holdings Limited (a company listed on the Stock
Exchange with stock code: 0343) from 2000 to 2005. He later served as a managing director of Nouveau Investment
Group Limited from 2005 to mid-2010. He served as the chief operating officer of GreaterChina Professional Services
Limited (now known as Asia-Pac Financial Investment Company Limited, a company listed on the Stock Exchange
with stock code: 8193) from July 2010 to March 2015. Mr. Cheung was an independent non-executive director of
Greens Holdings Limited (a company listed on the Stock Exchange with stock code: 1318) from December 2014 and
subsequently appointed as an executive director until October 2015. Mr. Cheung was an executive director of Pearl
Oriental Oil Limited (a company listed on the Stock Exchange with stock code: 632) from October 2016 to October
2019. He has been appointed as a partner of Euto Capital Partners Limited since December 2019.

Mr. Cheung received his bachelor’s degree in social sciences from the University of Hong Kong in 1984 and his
master’s degree in science (financial economics) from the University of London in 1995. Mr. Cheung resigned as an
independent non-executive Director of the Company on 31 March 2020. He also resigned as the chairman of the
Nomination Committee, a member of the Audit Committee and a member of the Remuneration Committee of the
Company.

Mr. Wu Chi Keung, aged 63, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on 25 June 2010. Mr. Wu
has more than 30 years of experience in financial audit and specializes in providing auditing and assurance services,
financial due diligence reviews, support services for merger and acquisitions, corporate restructuring and fund-
raising engagements. Mr. Wu was a partner of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu until he retired in December 2008. Mr.
Wu is currently a managing director of a family-owned private company engaging in property and other investment
activities. He is also an independent non-executive director of Jinchuan Group International Resources Co., Ltd (a
company listed on the Stock Exchange with stock code: 2362), Central Development Holdings Limited (formerly
known as Zhong Fa Zhan Holdings Limited, a company listed on the Stock Exchange with stock code: 475), Huabao
International Holdings Limited (a company listed on the Stock Exchange with stock code: 336), Huajin International
Holdings Limited (a company listed on the Stock Exchange with stock code: 2738) and Zhou Hei Ya International
Holdings Company Limited (a company listed on the Stock Exchange with stock code: 1458). Mr. Wu was an
independent non-executive director of COFCO Meat Holdings Limited (a company listed on the Stock Exchange
with stock code: 1610) from 23 June 2016 to 12 December 2017 and also an independent non-executive director of
YuanShengTai Dairy Farm Limited (a company listed on the Stock Exchange with stock code: 1431) from 7 November
2013 to 28 September 2018.

Mr. Wu is an associate of Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and a fellow of Association of Chartered
Certified Accountants in the United Kingdom. Mr. Wu graduated from the Hong Kong Polytechnic (now known as the
Hong Kong Polytechnic University) in 1980 with a high diploma in accountancy. Mr. Wu is the chairman of the Audit
Committee, a member of the Remuneration Committee and a member of the Nomination Committee of the Company.




                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        32
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2019
     DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
     (CONTINUED)




     Mr. Leung Chong Shun, aged 54, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on 13 December 2017.
     Mr. Leung became a practicing lawyer since 1991 and was the chief representative of Woo Kwan Lee & Lo Beijing
     Office. He is currently a partner of Woo Kwan Lee & Lo. Mr. Leung is familiar with corporate finance, M&A and IPO
     legal services and has been involved in various listing and acquisition transactions of Chinese H-share companies and
     red chip companies. Mr. Leung is currently a China-Appointed Attesting Officer appointed by the Ministry of Justice
     of the PRC. Mr. Leung was an independent non-executive director of China Communications Construction Company
     Limited (a company listed on the Stock Exchange with stock code: 01800) from January 2011 to November 2017 and
     China National Materials Company Limited (the listing with stock code: 01893 was withdrawn on the Stock Exchange)
     from July 2007 to April 2018. He is currently an independent non-executive director of SSY Group Limited (a company
     listed on the Stock Exchange with stock code: 02005), China Coal Energy Company Limited (a company listed on the
     Stock Exchange with stock code: 01898) and Min Xin Holdings Limited (a company listed on the Stock Exchange with
     stock code: 00222).

     Mr. Leung graduated from the University of Hong Kong in 1988 and obtained a bachelor’s degree in laws with honors.
     He is qualified as a solicitor in Hong Kong and England. Mr. Leung is the chairman of the Remuneration Committee, a
     member of the Audit Committee and a member of the Nomination Committee of the Company.

     Ms. Luo, Laura Ying (formerly known as Ying Luo), aged 54, was appointed as an independent non-executive
     Director on 31 March 2020. Ms. Luo has 25 years of investment experience. She currently works as a consultant
     to GL Capital Management Limited. Ms. Luo was a managing director and head of Hong Kong China Equities at
     Barings Asset Management (Asia) Limited from 2013 to 2019. Her overall responsibilities included managing a team of
     investment managers and research analysts, as well as managing a range of Hong Kong and China equity strategies,
     including Barings’ flagship Hong Kong China Fund, China A-share fund and some institutional mandates. Before
     joining Barings Asset Management (Asia) Limited, Ms. Luo worked for Schroder Investment Management (HK) Limited
     for over 12 years. Since 2002, Ms. Luo had been a lead manager on several Greater China equity mandates, including
     the Schroder International Selection Fund - China Opportunities, which she managed since its launch in 2006. Prior to
     Schroder Investment Management (HK) Limited, Ms. Luo had worked at SG Securities as head of China Research and
     Strategist, as well as at Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs (Asia) LLC, Hong Kong as an equity research analyst.

     Ms. Luo obtained her Bachelor of Arts in International Economics from Peking University in 1987 and Master of
     Business Administration from the University of Toronto in 1991. She is a Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) and
     Chartered Professional Accountant (CPA) (Canada) charterholder. Ms. Luo is the chairman of the Nomination
     Committee, a member of the Audit Committee and a member of the Remuneration Committee of the Company.


     Company Secretary
     Ms. Wu Sanyan, aged 38, joined the Group in 2009 and currently holds the position of Company Secretary and
     Director of the Legal Department of the Group. Ms. Wu is primarily responsible for overseeing the legal and regulatory
     compliance matters of the Group (including compliance with the Listing Rules). The responsibilities of Ms. Wu since her
     joining the Group include advising on compliance of laws and regulations applicable to the Group (including the Listing
     Rules). Ms. Wu obtained a double bachelor’s degree in history and law in 2004, and a master’s degree in international
     law in 2008, both from Wuhan University. During the Reporting Period, Ms. Wu received professional training for no
     less than 15 hours to promote her skill and knowledge.




33   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                                  DIRECTORS’ REPORT


The Board of the Company is pleased to present the “Directors’ Report” and audited consolidated financial statements
of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2019.


Principal Activities
The Company is a holding company, the subsidiaries’ principal activities are set out in note 43 to the consolidated
financial statements.


Results
The results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2019 are set out in the consolidated statement of profit or
loss and other comprehensive income on page 100.


Business Review
Business review of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2019 can be found in the section headed “Management
Discussion and Analysis” of this Annual Report, the discussion of which forms part of this “Directors’ Report”.


Reserves
Movements in reserves for the year ended 31 December 2019 are set out in the consolidated statement of changes in
equity on page 103 and note 34 to the consolidated financial statements.


Distributable Reserves
As at 31 December 2019, the Company had distributable reserves of RMB5,191.1 million available for distribution to
the shareholders.


Property, Plant and Equipment
Details of changes in property, plant and equipment of the Group are set out in note 14 to the consolidated financial
statements.


Share Capital
Movements in the share capital of the Company are set out in note 33 to the consolidated financial statements.


Final Dividend
The Board is pleased to recommend a final dividend of RMB0.1271 (equivalent to HK$0.139) per Share for the year
ended 31 December 2019 to shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company on
Wednesday, 10 June 2020. The register of members of the Company will be closed on Wednesday, 10 June 2020.
The final dividend will be paid to shareholders on about Wednesday, 17 June 2020 after the shareholders’ approval at
the annual general meeting scheduled for Thursday, 4 June 2020 (the “AGM”).

                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        34
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2019
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     Dividend Policy
     The Board has adopted a dividend policy (the “Dividend Policy”). Under the Dividend Policy, the Company does not
     have any pre-determined dividend payout ratio. Although the Company intends to declare and pay dividends in the
     future, the declaration, payment and amount of any dividends are subject to the Board’s discretion having regard to
     the following factors: (a) the Group’s actual and expected financial performance; (b) the Group’s expected working
     capital requirements and future development plans; (c) the Group’s liquidity position; (d) the economic outlook; (e)
     contractual restrictions or obligations; (f) shareholders’ interests; and (g) any other factors the Board may consider
     relevant.

     Such payment of the dividend by the Company is also subject to any restrictions under any applicable laws, rules and
     regulations and the Company’s Articles of Association (the “Articles of Association”). The Company endeavors to strike
     a balance between the shareholders’ interest and prudent capital management with a sustainable dividend policy. The
     Board will continually review the Dividend Policy and reserves the right in its sole and absolute discretion to update,
     amend and/or modify the Dividend Policy at any time as the Board deems fit and necessary. There is no assurance
     that the Company will pay dividends in any particular amount for any given period.


     Pre-emptive Rights
     There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under Articles of Association or the laws of the Cayman Islands which
     oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro-rata basis to the existing shareholders.


     Purchase, Sale or Redemption of the Company’s Listed Securities
     None of the Company or its subsidiaries has purchased, sold or redeemed any of the listed securities of the Company
     during the year ended 31 December 2019.

     After the Reporting Period, in February 2020, the Company repurchased an aggregate of 9,648,000 ordinary shares
     with a nominal value of US$0.005 each on the Stock Exchange at an aggregate consideration of HK$98,164,100.
     All of the purchased shares were cancelled on 30 March 2020. The Board believes that given the current financial
     resources of the Company, the share repurchase would not affect the Company’s solid financial position in any material
     respect, and it would lead to an enhancement of the net asset value per share and/or earnings per share, which is in
     the interest of the shareholders as a whole.

     Details of the repurchase are as follows:


                                                                 Price per Share (HK$)                   Aggregate
            Month of             Number of Shares
                                                                                                        Consideration
           Repurchase             Repurchased*            Highest Price           Lowest Price           Paid (HK$)
          February 2020               9,648,000                10.30                  10.04               98,164,100
               Total                  9,648,000                  -                      -                 98,164,100




35   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                                                              DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                                                                                                           (CONTINUED)




Directors
The Directors of the Company during the year and up to the date of this Report were:


Executive Directors:
Mr. LAM Kong (Chairman and Chief Executive)
Mr. CHEN Hongbing (Chief Operating Officer)
Ms. CHEN Yanling (Chief Financial Officer)


Independent Non-Executive Directors:
Mr. CHEUNG Kam Shing, Terry (resigned on 31 March 2020)
Mr. WU Chi Keung
Mr. LEUNG Chong Shun
Ms. LUO, Laura Ying (appointed on 31 March 2020)

Pursuant to Article 16.2 of the Articles of Association, any Director appointed by the Board to fill a casual vacancy or
as an addition to the Board shall hold office until the next following annual general meeting of the Company and shall
be eligible for re-election at that meeting. Ms. Luo, Laura Ying was appointed by the Board on 31 March 2020 as an
independent non-executive Director. Accordingly, Ms. Luo shall retire from her office at the AGM and, being eligible,
will offer herself for re-election at the AGM.

Pursuant to Article 16.18 of the Articles of Association, at every annual general meeting of the Company, one-third
of the Directors for the time being (or, if their number is not three or a multiple of three, then the number nearest to,
but not less than, one-third) shall retire from office by rotation provided that every Director (including those appointed
for a specific term) shall be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years. Any Director appointed
pursuant to Article 16.2 or Article 16.3 shall not be taken into account in determining which Directors are to retire by
rotation. A retiring Director shall be eligible for re-election. Accordingly, Mr. Lam Kong, Mr. Chen Hongbing and Mr. Wu
Chi Keung will retire from their offices at the AGM and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-election at the AGM.

Pursuant to Code Provision A.4.3 of the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) as set out in Appendix 14 to
the Listing Rules, if an independent non-executive director serves more than 9 years, his further appointment should
be subject to a separate resolution to be approved by shareholders. Mr. Wu Chi Keung has served the Board for more
than 9 years as an independent non-executive Director. Accordingly, Mr. Wu’s further appointment shall be subject to a
separate resolution to be approved by shareholders. Having taking into account the independent status of Mr. Wu, the
Board is confident that Mr. Wu will continue to make valuable contribution to the Company by providing his balanced
and objective views to the Board and therefore should be re-elected as an independent non-executive Director of the
Company for a further term at the AGM.

At the AGM, separate ordinary resolutions will be proposed for each of the re-elections of Mr. Lam Kong, Mr. Chen
Hongbing, Mr. Wu Chi Keung and Ms. Luo, Laura Ying. Details of these retiring Directors will be set out in the circular
expected to be issued by the Company on 6 May 2020.




                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          36
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2019
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     Annual Confirmation of Independence
     The Company has received from each independent non-executive Director an annual confirmation of his
     independence, and the Company considers such Directors to be independent in accordance with each and every
     guideline set out in rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules.


     Biographical Details of the Directors and the Senior Management
     The biographical details of the Directors and the senior management are set out on pages 31 to 33 of this Annual
     Report


     Directors’ Service Contracts
     Each of the Directors of the Company has respectively entered into an appointment letter with the Company, and all
     the executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors were appointed for a three-year and one-year term,
     respectively. Their appointments are subject to retirement from office by rotation and re-election in accordance with the
     relevant terms of the Articles of Association. Save as disclosed above, none of the Directors has entered or intended
     to enter into any service contract which cannot be determinable by the Company or any of its subsidiaries within one
     year without payment of compensation (except for statutory compensation).


     Management Contracts
     No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of
     the Company were entered into or existed during the Reporting Period.


     Employee Benefit Scheme
     During the Reporting Period, approved by the Benefit Scheme Executive Committee of the Company, there were 4
     employees participating in the CMS Key Employee Benefit Scheme. Details of the Employee Benefit Scheme are set
     out in note 42 to the consolidated financial statements.


     Directors’ interests in Transactions, Arrangements or Contracts of
     Significance
     During the Reporting Period and as at 31 December 2019, none of the Directors had a material interest, whether
     directly or indirectly, in any transaction, arrangement or contract which is significant to the business of the Group to
     which is the Company or its holding company or any of its subsidiaries was a party.




37   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                                                                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                                                                                                                (CONTINUED)




Directors’ and Chief Executive’s Interests and Short Positions in Shares,
Underlying Shares and Debentures of the Company and Its Associated
Corporations
As at 31 December 2019, the interests or short positions of the Directors and Chief Executive in the shares, underlying
shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of SFO)
which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, or as
otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange, pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions
by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) as set out in Appendix 10 of the Listing Rules were as follows:


                                                                                        Class of Shares       Approximate
                               Name of                                                 and Total Number      Percentage of
  Name of Director                                        Nature of Interest
                              Corporation                                               of Shares Held       Interest in the
                                                                                            (Note 1)           Company

                                                                                        1,102,844,000 (L)
     Mr. Lam Kong            The Company          Interest in controlled corporation                            44.46%
                                                                                           (Note 2)
                                                           Beneficial owner              20,038,225 (L)          0.81%
  Mr. Chen Hongbing          The Company                                                 45,000,000 (L)
                                                  Interest in controlled corporation                             1.81%
                                                                                            (Note 3)
   Ms. Chen Yanling          The Company                   Beneficial owner               7,246,250(L)           0.29%


Notes:
1. The letter “L” denotes long positions in the Shares.
2. These Shares are held by Mr. Lam Kong through Treasure Sea Limited, a company wholly owned by him.
3. These Shares are held by Mr. Chen Hongbing through Viewell Limited, a company wholly owned by him.



Directors’ Right to Acquire Shares or Debentures
At no time during the Reporting Period were rights to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in or
debentures of the Company granted to any Director or their respective spouses or minor children, or were any such
rights exercised by them; nor was the Company or any of its subsidiaries a party to any arrangements to enable the
Directors, their respective spouses or minor children to acquire such rights in any other body corporate.


Substantial Shareholders’ Interests and Short Positions in Shares,
Underlying Shares and Debentures of the Company and Its Associated
Corporations
As at 31 December 2019, save as disclosed below, the Directors were not aware of any other person (other than the
Directors or the Chief Executive of the Company) who held interests and short positions in the shares or underlying
shares or debentures of the Company which would have to be disclosed to the Company and the Stock Exchange
pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or were recorded in the register required to be kept by the
Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO:

                                                                                       CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED   38
                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2019
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




                                                                                       Class of Shares
              Name of                                                                                                     Approximate
                                                                                      and Total Number
             Substantial                      Nature of Interest                                                     Percentage of Interest
                                                                                       of Shares Held
             Shareholder                                                                                                in the Company
                                                                                            (Note 1)

                                     Person having a security interest in
                                                                                           40,543 (L)                        0.00%
                                                  shares

                                                                                          235,119 (L)                        0.01%
             Citigroup Inc.           Interest in controlled corporation
                                                                                           28,457 (S)                        0.00%


                                           Approved lending agent                      126,354,389 (L)                       5.09%


     Note:
     1. The letter “L” denotes long positions in the Shares, the letter “S” denotes short positions in the Shares.



     Connected Transactions
     During the Reporting Period, there were no connected transactions or continuing connected transactions of
     the Company which are subject to any of the reporting, announcement or independent shareholders’ approval
     requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

     Details of the related party transactions of the Group during the Reporting Period are set out in note 40 and 42 to
     the consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report. These related party transactions either fall outside the
     definitions of “connected transaction” or “continuing connected transaction” in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules or
     are “connected transactions” fully exempt from the reporting, announcement and independent shareholders’ approval
     requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


     Employees
     As at 31 December 2019, the Group had 4,052 employees. The Group has initiated organizational reform and
     speeded up the cultivation and recruitment of talents through optimizing the current human resources and innovating
     the way of management to enhance the development of the Group. The Group has adopted a series of measures
     to facilitate employees’ work efficiency and regularly assesses their performance. The Group provides employees
     with competitive compensation packages including salaries, bonuses, insurance and benefits. Salaries and bonuses
     are based on employees’ performance and are measured against specific objective criteria. Additionally, the Group
     is committed to providing equal opportunities to all employees in all respects, and has made efforts in employees’
     continuing education and training programs to continuously enhance their knowledge, skills and team spirit.




39   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                                                               DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                                                                                                            (CONTINUED)




Directors and Management’s Emoluments
The remuneration committee determines and proposes to the Board (as the case may be) on the remuneration
and other benefits payable to the Directors and Management. The committee, on a routine basis, supervises the
remuneration of all Directors and Management to ensure that their remuneration and compensation are appropriate
and reasonable. The Group adopts competitive remuneration packages with reference to the industry standard and in
the light of the business advancement of the Group, and determines remuneration of the Directors and Management
after taking into account their qualifications, experience and contributions, so as to attract and retain its Directors and
Management.

Particulars of directors’ emoluments and the five highest paid individuals of the Group are set out in note 8 and note 9
to the consolidated financial statements, respectively.

For the year ended 31 December 2019, emoluments of Company Secretary Ms. Wu Sanyan were between
HK$500,000 and HK$1,000,000.


Key Relationship with Employees, Customers and Suppliers
The Company maintains good relationships with its employees by taking all practicable measures, including but not
limited to improving, reviewing and updating its policies on remuneration and benefits, training, occupational health
and safety, to ensure that all the staff are reasonably remunerated.

The Company has good relationships with its customers and is always improving the communication mechanism with
customers to ensure all complaints or feedback from customers can be fed to the Company a timely manner and the
customers can receive service of high quality.

The Company maintains long-term good cooperation with domestic and overseas suppliers, which are reputable in
the industry.


Environmental Policies and Performance
The Group has strictly enforced the Environmental Protection Law of the People’s Republic of China (《 中 華 人 民
共 和 國 環 境 保 護 法》), Law of the People’s Republic of China on Prevention and Control of Water Pollution (《 中
華人民共和國水污染防治法》), Law of the People’s Republic of China on Prevention and Control of Environmental
Noise Pollution (《 中 華 人 民 共 和 國 環 境 噪 音 污 染 防 治 法》), and other applicable laws and regulations related to
environmental matters. The Group rigorously guards against environmental risk accidents in business management
and production processes, and has set up environmental management organizations, assigned full-time environmental
management personnel, established and improved the environmental management system, and developed the
comprehensive risk-defensive measure and emergency plan for accidents. We also require our suppliers to operate
in strict compliance with the pertinent environmental regulations and rules and obtain all necessary permission and
approval from the relevant government authorities.




                                                                               CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          40
                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2019
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     Compliance with Laws and Regulations
     During the Reporting Period, the Group had complied with the relevant laws and regulations that have a significant
     impact on the operations of the Group.


     Principal Risks and Uncertainties
     There are a number of risks and uncertainties which may affect the performance and operation of the Group. The
     following is a summary of principal risks and uncertainties identified by the Company:

     Compliance with GMP and GSP Standards
     In accordance with applicable laws and regulations, certain subsidiaries of the Company are required to comply with
     Good Manufacturing Practice (“GMP”) standards and Good Supplying Practice (“GSP”) standards within certain time
     limits. These subsidiaries have been granted the relevant certificates by NMPA and other applicable governmental
     authorities. There can be no assurance that the Group may be able to renew those certificates when they expire. In the
     event that those certificates are not renewed upon their expiry, the Group’s business may still be largely and adversely
     affected after taking related remedies.

     Product Liability
     As insurance is not mandatorily required, the Group has not covered valid product liability insurance in respect of
     the manufacture and distribution of pharmaceutical products in the PRC. In the event of any product liability claim
     or proceedings pertaining to the products of the Group, which could not be solved through negotiation or any other
     ways, the Group may suffer major cost and damage to its relationship with customers.

     Healthcare Reform in China
     The government regulation and governance over the healthcare system in the PRC is undergoing a crucial reform
     period, where (i) the applicable laws, regulations and policies pertaining to the healthcare, medical and pharmaceutical
     industry are constantly evolving, and (ii) governmental authorities in the PRC may regularly or unexpectedly amend their
     implementation practices. Enforcement action taken by the government against the Group may affect us materially
     and adversely. Significant adverse consequences maybe therefore incurred if our Group did not optimize its strategy
     to adapt to the variation of the Chinese medical system in time. Moreover, the scope and the extent of application of
     the government regulation and governance are continually changing, which leads to more risks and uncertainties in
     respect of the performance and operation of the Group.

     Tender and Price Control
     The Company and its subsidiaries have to participate in a government-led tender process every year or every few
     years. Any failure in bidding in a provincial tender process will affect the Group to sell products in such province.
     Moreover, the product price, our market share, revenue and profitability may be affected due to certain new methods
     recently adopted in the provincial tender process.




41   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                                                              DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                                                                                                           (CONTINUED)




R&D, Regulatory Approval and Commercialization of Innovative Patented Products
The successful development of innovative patented products, the obtaining of regulatory approval and the realization
of commercialization are affected by a number of factors. These include but not limited to the sufficiency of
resources to acquire or discover more drug candidates, the pre-clinical studies and clinical trial delays or failures, the
uncertainties of the time that the approval process takes and the regulatory approval process, and, if the regulatory
approval is obtained, whether the products can be promoted successfully and their acceptance by the market. If
the R&D of innovative patented products fails, no regulatory approval is obtained or market acceptance is weak, the
Group’s future development may be affected adversely.

There may be other principal risks and uncertainties which are not known to the Company or which may not be
material now but could turn out to be material in the future.


Major Customers and Suppliers
For the year ended 31 December 2019, the percentage of sales to the Group’s five largest customers was
approximately 29.2% of the Group’s total sales, and sales to the top customer accounted for approximately 8.7% of
the total sales.

For the year ended 31 December 2019, the percentage of purchases from the Group’s five largest suppliers was
approximately 87.8% of the Group’s total purchases, and purchase from the top supplier accounted for approximately
27.5% of the total purchases.

Except as disclosed in note 40 to the consolidated financial statement, none of the Group’s directors, their close
associates or shareholders had an interest in the Group’s suppliers or customers.


Corporate Governance
A report for the corporate governance principles and practices adopted by the Company is set out on pages 45 to 55
of this Annual Report.


Sufficiency of Public Float
According to the publicly available information and as far as the Directors were aware of, as at the date of this Annual
Report, there was a sufficient public float of the Company’s issued shares as required under the Listing Rules.




                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          42
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2019
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     Non-competition and Indemnity Agreements
     The Company entered into a deed of non-competition with Mr. Lam Kong and his wholly owned company registered
     in the British Virgin Islands - Treasure Sea Limited (“Treasure Sea”) on 14 September 2010 (the “Non-competition
     Deed”). Mr. Lam Kong and Treasure Sea jointly undertook not to carry on businesses that are in competition with the
     Group’s businesses.

     Mr. Lam Kong and Treasure Sea stated that they had complied with the relevant clauses of the Non-competition Deed,
     and did not engage in businesses that are in competition or may compete with the businesses of the Group, and also
     did not directly or indirectly hold any business interest that is in competition with the businesses of the Group during
     the Reporting Period.

     The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the compliance of the Non-competition Deed by Mr. Lam
     Kong and Treasure Sea during the Reporting Period, and reviewed the relevant business information provided by the
     Group. The independent non-executive Directors were of the opinion that Mr. Lam Kong and Treasure Sea complied
     with the relevant terms of the Non-competition Deed during the Reporting Period and did not cause any competition
     with the Group. The Board of Directors operated and managed the Group’s businesses independently in the interests
     of the Company and its shareholders as a whole.


     Donation
     During the Reporting Period, the Group had made donations of RMB0.2 million for charitable and other purposes,
     please refer to Community Dedication on page 85 for details.


     Permitted Indemnity Provision
     According to the Articles of Association, among others, every Director, auditor or other officer of the Company shall be
     entitled to be indemnified out of the assets of the Company against all losses or liabilities incurred or sustained by him
     as a Director, auditor or other officer of the Company in defending any proceedings, whether civil or criminal, in which
     judgment is given in his favour, or in which he is acquitted.

     Appropriate insurance coverage for the Directors’ and senior management’s liabilities in respect of legal actions
     against the Directors and senior management of the Company arising out of corporate activities of the Group has
     been arranged by the Company.


     Equity-Linked Agreements
     The Company has not entered into any equity-linked agreement during the year ended 31 December 2019.




43   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                                                          DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                                                                                                      (CONTINUED)




Compliance with the Corporate Governance Code
The Company has complied with the applicable principles and code provisions of the applicable CG Code from 1
January 2019 to 31 December 2019, except for a deviation from the Code Provision A.2.1 in respect of the roles of
Chairman and Chief Executive which shall not be performed by the same individual. The details of the Company’s
compliance with the CG Code are set out on pages 45 to 55 of this Annual Report.


Competing Interests
None of the Directors or management and their respective associates (as defined in the Listing Rules) has an interest
in a business which competes or may compete with the businesses of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or has
any other conflict of interest with the Company during the Reporting Period.


Audit Committee
The details of the Audit Committee are set out on page 48 of the Corporate Governance Report of this Annual Report.


Auditors
The Company has appointed Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as auditors since the listing of the Company on the Main
Board of the Stock Exchange on 28 September 2010. The financial statements in the Annual Report for the year have
been audited by Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu. A resolution will be submitted at the AGM of the Company to re-appoint
Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as auditor of the Company.



                                                                                     By order of the Board
                                                                             China Medical System Holdings Limited
                                                                                          Lam Kong
                                                                                           Chairman

Hong Kong, 31 March 2020




                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        44
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2019
     Corporate Governance Report


     Corporate Governance Report
     The Company is committed to upholding high standards of corporate governance and has adopted sound
     governance and disclosure practices. The Company believes that continuously improving corporate governance can
     increase the Group’s accountability and transparency so as to maximize the long-term level shareholder value.


     Corporate Governance Practices
     The Company has complied with the applicable principles and code provisions of the revised CG Code as set out in
     Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules from 1 January 2019 to 31 December 2019, except for a deviation from the Code
     Provision A.2.1 in respect of the roles of Chairman and Chief Executive which shall not be performed by the same
     individual.

     Mr. Lam Kong has been both the Chairman and Chief Executive of the Company and his responsibilities are clearly set
     out in writing and approved by the Board. Given the Group’s current stage of development, the Board considers that
     vesting the roles of Chairman and Chief Executive in the same person facilitates the execution of the Group’s business
     strategies and maximizes effectiveness of its operations. The Board shall nevertheless review the structure from time
     to time and shall consider any appropriate adjustments should new circumstances arise.


     Directors’ Securities Transactions
     The Company adopted the Model Code as the code of conduct for Directors’ securities transactions. Having made
     specific inquiries of all Directors in relation to the compliance with the Model Code for securities transactions by
     Directors, the Company confirmed that all the Directors have complied with the relevant standards for securities
     transactions by directors set out in the Model Code for the year ended 31 December 2019. The Model Code also
     applies to other specified senior management of the Company.

     Employees who are likely to be in possession of unpublished price-sensitive information about the Company are also
     subject to compliance with guidelines on no less exacting terms than the Model Code. No incident of non-compliance
     with the guidelines by such employees was noted by the Company in the Reporting Period.


     Operation of the Board
     In accordance with good corporate governance principles, the Board convened regular meetings in accordance with
     statutory procedures, and complied strictly with the applicable laws, regulations and the Articles of Association in the
     exercise of its authority, with an emphasis on protecting the interests of the Company and its shareholders as a whole.

     The role and responsibilities of the Board broadly cover reviewing and approving corporate mission and broad
     strategies; overseeing and evaluating the conduct of the Group’s businesses; identifying principal risks and ensuring
     the implementation of appropriate measures and control systems to manage these risks; and reviewing and approving
     important matters such as financial results, investments and divestments and other material transactions. All Directors
     and Board Committees have access to external legal counsel and other professionals for independent advice to better
     perform their duties at the Group’s expense if necessary.



45   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                                                                                        (CONTINUED)




The Board has performed the strategic decision-making function in accordance with the long-term interest of the
Group as well as the interest of shareholders and relevant parties, and been subject to effective supervision and
assessment in maintaining corporate resources and conducting operation management. The Board is responsible for
making effective incentives and constraints for the management when duly delegating powers to them. Meanwhile,
as the core of the Company’s corporate governance framework, the Board has clearly separated its functions and
duties from that of the management. Differentiating itself from the functions and duties of the Board, the specific
responsibilities and duties of the management of the Company are inclusive of running the Company’s day-to-
day business; drafting and proposing the Company’s annual business plan and investment plan; working out the
human resource policy and arranging an appropriate organizational structure of the Company; drafting plans for the
establishment of the Company’s branch offices; creating and upgrading the Company’s basic internal management
system and mandates for Company management; within the authority delegated by the Board, appointing, changing
or recommending shareholder representatives, directors and supervisors in its holding subsidiary or joint stock
subsidiary; and other powers delegated by the Board.

The Company has established three committees, namely, the Audit Committee, Nomination Committee and
Remuneration Committee, which mainly comprise independent non-executive Directors and are responsible
for overseeing particular aspects of the Group’s business and providing the Group with recommendations
for improvements. Please see below for the work scope of these committees. The Board has delegated the
responsibilities of the day-to-day management and operation of the Group’s businesses to the management of the
Company and its subsidiaries.


Composition of the Board
For the year ended 31 December 2019, the Board consists of six Directors, including three executive Directors, namely
Mr. Lam Kong, Mr. Chen Hongbing and Ms. Chen Yanling; three independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr.
Cheung Kam Shing, Terry, Mr. Wu Chi Keung and Mr. Leung Chong Shun. Mr. Cheung Kam Shing, Terry resigned as
an independent non-executive Director of the Company on 31 March 2020, and Ms. Luo, Laura Ying was appointed
as an independent non-executive Director of the Company on 31 March 2020. As at the date of this annual report, the
Board consists of six Directors, including three executive Directors, namely Mr. Lam Kong, Mr. Chen Hongbing and
Ms. Chen Yanling; three independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Wu Chi Keung, Mr. Leung Chong Shun and
Ms. Luo, Laura Ying. Biographical details of the Directors are set out on pages 31 to 33 of this annual report. Save as
disclosed in the section headed “Directors and Senior Management” of this annual report, none of the Directors has
any financial, business, family or other material or relevant relationships among members of the Board.




                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         46
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2019
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     Board Attendances and Time Commitment
     During the Reporting Period, the Company held eight Board meetings and one annual general meeting. The following
     is the attendance record of the Directors at such meetings held during the Reporting Period.


                                                                                                  Attendance Rate
      Name                                    Title                                                          Annual General
                                                                                         Board Meeting
                                                                                                                Meeting
      Mr. Lam Kong                            Chairman and Chief Executive                     8/8                  1/1
      Mr. Chen Hongbing                       Chief Operating Officer                          8/8                  1/1
      Ms. Chen Yanling                        Chief Financial Officer                          8/8                  1/1
      Mr. Cheung Kam Shing, Terry*            Independent Non- Executive Director              8/8                  1/1
      Mr. Wu Chi Keung                        Independent Non- Executive Director              8/8                  1/1
      Mr. Leung Chong Shun                    Independent Non- Executive Director              8/8                  1/1


     *Note:
     1. Mr. Cheung Kam Shing, Terry resigned on 31 March 2020.


     Upon reviewing (i) the annual confirmation of the time commitment given by each Director; (ii) the directorships and
     major commitments of each Director; and (iii) the attendance rate of each Director for the Board meetings and the
     general meetings, the Board is satisfied that all Directors have spent sufficient time in performing their responsibilities
     during the Reporting Period.


     Independent Non-executive Directors
     For the year ended 31 December 2019, three independent non-executive Directors were appointed, at least one of
     whom has appropriate professional accounting qualifications. The Company has received from each independent
     non-executive Director an annual confirmation of his independence, and the Company considers such Directors to be
     independent in accordance with each and every guideline set out under the Listing Rules.

     The independent non-executive Directors are appointed for a period of one year. All of them are subject to
     retirement by rotation and re-election by shareholders at the annual general meeting in accordance with the Articles
     of Association. The responsibilities of the independent non-executive Directors include, without limitation: regular
     attendance at meetings of the Board and of Board Committees of which they are members; provision of independent
     opinion at meetings of the Board and other Board Committees; service on the Audit Committee, Remuneration
     Committee and Nomination Committee; and scrutinizing and monitoring the performance of the Company as a whole.


     Directors’ Continuous Professional Development
     On appointment to the Board, each newly appointed Director has received professional lawyer’s training covering the
     general, statutory and regulatory obligations of being a director of a listed company to ensure that he/she is sufficiently
     aware of his /her responsibilities under the Listing Rules and other relevant legal requirements.



47   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                                                                                           (CONTINUED)




From time to time, the Directors are provided with written materials to develop and refresh their professional skills. The
Company Secretary also organizes and arranges seminars on the latest development of the applicable laws, rules and
regulations for the Directors to assist them in discharging their duties.

According to the records maintained by the Company, the following Directors received the following training with an
emphasis on the roles, functions and duties of a director of a listed company in compliance with the revised CG Code
on the continuous professional development during the Reporting Period.


                                                                Corporate Governance/ Updates on Laws, rules
                                                                 and Regulations/Updates on Industry Specific
                                                                   Written Materials            Briefings/Seminars
 Executive Directors
 Mr. Lam Kong                                                                √                            √
 Mr. Chen Hongbing                                                           √                            √
 Ms. Chen Yanling                                                            √                            √


 Independent Non-executive Directors
 Mr. Cheung Kam Shing, Terry*                                                √                            √
 Mr. Wu Chi Keung                                                            √                            √
 Mr. Leung Chong Shun                                                        √                            √


*Note:
1. Mr. Cheung Kam Shing, Terry resigned on 31 March 2020.



Committees
The Company has established Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee and Nomination Committee. The
function of each of these committees is to study pertinent issues in its area of expertise and to provide opinion and
recommendations for consideration by the Board under its own defined terms of reference.


Audit Committee
The Company established the Audit Committee in 2007. For the year ended 31 December 2019, the Audit Committee
comprises three independent non-executive Directors, and is chaired by Mr. Wu Chi Keung, with Mr. Cheung Kam
Shing, Terry and Mr. Leung Chong Shun as the committee members. Mr. Cheung Kam Shing, Terry resigned as an
independent non-executive Director of the Company on 31 March 2020, he also resigned as a member of the Audit
Committee of the Company. Ms. Luo, Laura Ying was appointed as an independent non-executive Director and a
member of the Audit Committee of the Company. As at the date of this annual report, the Audit Committee comprises
three independent non-executive Directors, and is chaired by Mr. Wu Chi Keung, with Mr. Leung Chong Shun and Ms.
Luo, Laura Ying as the committee members.




                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          48
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2019
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     The primary duties of the Audit Committee are to provide the Directors with an independent review of the effectiveness
     of the financial reporting process, internal control and risk management system of the Company, to oversee the
     audit process and to perform other duties and responsibilities as assigned by the Directors. The Audit Committee
     also oversees the company’s appointment of external auditors. The annual results announcement and annual
     report for the year ended 31 December 2019 of the Company have been reviewed by the Audit Committee, and
     with recommendation to the Board for approval. The Audit Committee meets at least twice a year with the external
     auditors in absence of the executive Directors. The terms of reference of the Audit Committee are posted on the Stock
     Exchange’s website (http://www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company’s website (http://www.cms.net.cn).

     For the year ended 31 December 2019, the Audit Committee held three meetings. At the meetings, the Audit
     Committee reviewed the annual results for 2018 with the external auditors, the interim results for 2019, the activities of
     the Group’s internal control functions and also reviewed and approved the arrangement of the annual audit work and
     then proposed the recommendations to the Board. Below is the attendance rate of the committee members:


      Committee Members                       Attendance Rate of the Meetings for the Year ended 31 December 2019
      Mr. Wu Chi Keung                                                            3/3
      Mr. Cheung Kam Shing, Terry*                                                3/3
      Mr. Leung Chong Shun                                                        3/3


     *Note:
     1. Mr. Cheung Kam Shing, Terry resigned on 31 March 2020.



     Remuneration Committee
     The Company established a Remuneration Committee in 2007. For the year ended 31 December 2019, the
     Remuneration Committee comprises three independent non-executive Directors, and is chaired by Mr. Leung Chong
     Shun, with Mr. Cheung Kam Shing, Terry and Mr. Wu Chi Keung as the committee members. Mr. Cheung Kam Shing,
     Terry resigned as an independent non-executive Director of the Company on 31 March 2020, he also resigned as a
     member of the Remuneration Committee of the Company. Ms. Luo, Laura Ying was appointed as an independent
     non-executive Director and a member of the Remuneration Committee of the Company. As at the date of this annual
     report, the Remuneration Committee comprises three independent non-executive Directors, and is chaired by Mr.
     Leung Chong Shun, with Mr. Wu Chi Keung and Ms. Luo, Laura Ying as the committee members.

     The primary duties of the Remuneration Committee include (but without limitation): (i) making recommendations to the
     Board on the policy and structure for remunerations of all Directors and senior management and on the establishment
     of a formal and transparent procedure for developing policies on such remuneration; (ii) determining the terms of the
     specific remuneration package of the Directors and senior management; (iii) approving the terms of Directors’ service
     contracts, and (iv) reviewing and approving performance-based remuneration by reference to corporate goals and
     objectives resolved by the Directors from time to time. The terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee are
     posted on the Stock Exchange’s website (http://www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company’s website (http://www.cms.net.
     cn).




49   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                                                                                         (CONTINUED)




For the year ended 31 December 2019, the Remuneration Committee held two meetings. At the meetings,
the Remuneration Committee reviewed and recommended adjusting remuneration of the Directors and senior
management with reference to the industry standard, in light of the business advancement of the Group and according
to their qualifications, experience and contributions, and considered that the proposed remunerations of whom were
reasonable and appropriate. Below is the attendance rate of the committee members:


 Committee Members                            Attendance Rate of the Meetings for the Year ended 31 December 2019
 Mr. Leung Chong Shun                                                         2/2
 Mr. Cheung Kam Shing, Terry*                                                 2/2
 Mr. Wu Chi Keung                                                             2/2


*Note:
1. Mr. Cheung Kam Shing, Terry resigned on 31 March 2020.



Nomination Committee
The Company established the Nomination Committee in 2007. For the year ended 31 December 2019, the Nomination
Committee comprises one executive Director and three independent non-executive Directors, and is chaired by Mr.
Cheung Kam Shing, Terry, with Mr. Lam Kong, Mr. Wu Chi Keung and Mr. Leung Chong Shun as the committee
members. Mr. Cheung Kam Shing, Terry resigned as an independent non-executive Director of the Company on 31
March 2020, he also resigned as the chairman of the Nomination Committee of the Company. Ms. Luo, Laura Ying
was appointed as an independent non-executive Director and the chairman of the Nomination Committee of the
Company. As at the date of this annual report, the Nomination Committee comprises one executive Director and three
independent non-executive Directors, and is chaired by Ms. Luo, Laura Ying, with Mr. Lam Kong, Mr. Wu Chi Keung
and Mr. Leung Chong Shun as the committee members.

The primary duties of the Nomination Committee are to make recommendations to the Directors on all new
appointments of Directors and senior management, interviewing nominees, and to take up references and to consider
related matters. The terms of reference of the Nomination Committee are posted on the Stock Exchange’s website
(http://www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company’s website (http://www.cms.net.cn).

For the year ended 31 December 2019, the Nomination Committee held one meeting. At the meeting, the Nomination
Committee reviewed the composition and structure of the Board in order to determine whether it is in compliance with
requirements under the relevant laws, regulations and rules and whether the diversity on the Board has been achieved
and maintained, considered and made recommendations to the Board on the re-appointment of the retiring directors
at the 2018 annual general meeting, and also assessed whether the independent non-executive Directors had spent
enough time in fulfilling their duties and their independence. The committee is of the view that the current composition
and structure of the Board comply with the applicable regulations and the Board is experienced and has diversified
perspectives and views. Below is the attendance rate of the committee members:




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         50
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2019
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




      Committee Members                         Attendance Rate of the Meeting for the Year ended 31 December 2019
      Mr. Cheung Kam Shing, Terry*                                                 1/1
      Mr. Lam Kong                                                                 1/1
      Mr. Wu Chi Keung                                                             1/1
      Mr. Leung Chong Shun                                                         1/1


     *Note:
     1. Mr. Cheung Kam Shing, Terry resigned on 31 March 2020.


     Board Diversity Policy
     The Company views the increasing diversity at the Board level as an essential element in supporting the attainment
     of its strategic objectives, maintaining competitive advantages and keeping sustainable development. Therefore,
     the Company has adopted a Board Diversity Policy (the “Policy”) to set out the approach to achieve and maintain
     diversity on the Board in order to enhance the effectiveness of the Board. Pursuant to the Policy, the Company seeks
     to achieve Board diversity through the consideration of a number of factors, including but not limited to professional
     skills, experience, culture and education background, ethnicity, gender, age, etc. In introducing its perspective on
     diversity, the Company will also take into account factors based on its own business model and specific needs from
     time to time. Ultimately, all Board appointments will be based on merit, and candidates will be considered against
     objective criteria, fully having due regard to the benefits diversity brings to the Board. The Nomination Committee will
     discuss and agree on measurable objectives for achieving diversity on the Board and recommend them to the Board
     for adoption. Additionally, the Nomination Committee will review the Policy on a regular basis to ensure its continued
     effectiveness.

     As at the date of this Report, the Board’s composition under major diversified perspectives was summarized as
     follows:


                                             Executive Director                   Independent Non-executive Director
       Designation
                                                     3                                             3
                                                   Male                                          Female
          Gender
                                                     4                                             2
                            50 years old and below           51-55 years old   56-60 years old     61 years old and above
        Age Group
                                         1                           4               0                         1

         Length of             2 years and below                  3-5years        6-9 years            10 years and above
          Service                        2                           0               1                         3

       Professional
                          Pharmaceuticals, Accounting, Investment, Law
       Background




51   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                                                                                       (CONTINUED)




Corporate Governance Functions
No corporate governance committee has been established, and the Board is responsible for performing the corporate
governance functions such as developing and reviewing the Company’s policies and practices on corporate
governance, providing training and continuous professional development for Directors and senior management, and
ensuring the Company’s policies and practices are in compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, etc.


Auditor’s Remuneration
For the year ended 31 December 2019, we have appointed Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as our independent external
auditor to provide the annual performance auditing service, the remuneration for the service was HK$3.6 million.


Directors’ and Auditor’s Responsibilities for Accounts
The Board acknowledges their responsibility for presenting a balanced, clear and understandable assessment of
annual and interim reports, inside information announcements and other financial disclosures required under the
Listing Rules and other regulatory requirements. The Directors confirm that they are responsible for the preparation
of financial reports, and to give a true and fair view of the Company’s and the Group’s financial status and operating
results for the year ended 31 December 2019. In preparing these financial statements, the Board has selected
suitable accounting policies and applied them consistently; made judgments and estimates that are prudent, fair and
reasonable; and have prepared the consolidated financial statements on a going concern basis.

The responsibility of auditor is set out in the independent auditor’s report on page 97.


Risk Management and Internal Controls
The Group has established and designed appropriate policies and controls to ensure that assets are safeguarded
against improper use or disposal, relevant rules and regulations are adhered to and complied with, reliable financial
and accounting records are maintained in accordance with relevant accounting standards and regulatory reporting
requirements, and main risks that may impact on the Group’s performance are appropriately identified and managed.
The systems and internal controls can only provide reasonable but not absolute assurance to prevent material
misstatement or losses, as they are designed to manage, rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business
objectives.

The Board confirms its responsibility for supervising the Group’s risk management and internal control systems and
reviewing their effectiveness at least annually through the Audit Committee. The Group Internal Audit and the Audit
Committee assist the Board in the review of the effectiveness of the Group’s risk management and internal control
systems on the basis of continuity. The directors through these committees are kept regularly appraised of significant
risks that may impact on the Group’s performance.




                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED      52
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2019
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     Regarding the procedure and internal control over handling and propagation of the inside information, the Group has
     adopted an inside information management policy which has been disseminated to all the staff. Based on the policy
     and in order to ensure that the inside information would be processed and propagated in compliance, the Group has
     established monitoring measures to ensure that the potential inside information could be recognized, assessed and
     then provided to the Board for their decision that whether a disclosure is required.

     The Audit Committee assists the Board in performing its supervision and corporate governance roles in the Group’s
     financial, operational, compliance, risk management , internal controls, the resourcing of the finance and internal audit
     functions by reviewing the working report from internal audit and external audit. During the Reporting Period, the
     Group Internal Audit conducted selective reviews of the effectiveness of the systems of risk management and internal
     controls of the Group in respect of financial, operational and compliance controls with emphasis on information
     technology and security, information privacy and protection, business continuity management and procurement.
     Such results were assessed by the Group Internal Audit and reported to the Audit Committee, which then reviewed
     and reported the same to the Board. The Audit Committee and the Board were not aware of any areas of concern
     that would have a significant impact on the Group’s financial position or results of operations and considered the risk
     management and internal control systems to be generally effective and sufficient including the adequacy of resources,
     staff qualifications and experience, sufficient training programs for the staff and budget of the accounting, internal audit
     and financial reporting functions.

     In addition to the review of risk management and internal controls executed within the Group, the external auditor
     appointed by the Group also assessed the adequacy and effectiveness of certain main risk management and internal
     controls as part of their regulatory audits. The external auditor’s related recommendation will be adopted under
     appropriate circumstances to strengthen the risk management and internal controls.


     Shareholders’ Rights
     Convening an Extraordinary General Meeting
     Pursuant to article 12.3 of the Articles of Association, any one or more shareholders holding at the date of deposit of
     the requisition not less than one-tenth of the paid-up capital of the Company carrying the right of voting at general
     meetings of the Company shall at all times has the right, by written requisition specifying the objects of the meeting
     and signed by the requisitionists to the Company’s headquarters and principal place of business in Hong Kong at Unit
     2106, 21/F, Island Place Tower, 510 King’s Road, North Point, Hong Kong to require an extraordinary general meeting
     to be called by the Board for the transaction of any business specified in such requisition. The same requirement and
     procedure also apply to any proposal to be tabled at shareholders’ meetings for adoption.




53   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                                                                                           (CONTINUED)




Shareholders’ Enquiries
Shareholders should direct their questions about their shareholdings to the Company’s branch share registrar,
Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited (Shops 1712-1716, 17/F, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s
Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong). Shareholders and the investment community may at any time make a request for
the Company’s information to the extent that such information is publically available. Shareholders may also make
enquiries to the Board by writing to the Company Secretary at the Company’s headquarters and principal place of
business in Hong Kong at Unit 2106, 21/F, Island Place Tower, 510 King’s Road, North Point, Hong Kong.


Articles of Association
During the Reporting Period, there were no changes made to the Articles of Association.


Communications with Shareholders and Investors
The Company attaches great importance to the communications with shareholders and investors as always. The
Company endeavors to disclose information that is important to shareholders and investors timely and objectively
through diverse channels. The Company also actively and effectively communicates the latest development of the
Company to the capital markets. The Company interacts with its shareholders and investors mainly through following
channels: (i) holding Annual General Meetings and Extraordinary General Meetings; (ii) timely releasing latest news and
updates of the Company on the official website and WeChat official account of investor relations; (iii) replying various
questions related to the Company’s business raised by the shareholders and investors of the Company via various
ways such as telephone and email; (iv) organizing the Interim and Annual Results Announcement Conferences; (v)
participating in various conferences and roadshows held by sell-side institutions; (vi) organizing and receiving investors
visits, and participating in conference calls. During the Reporting Period, the management of the Company and the
investor relations team have received more than a thousand representatives of domestic and overseas institutions and
individual investors.




                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          54
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2019
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     The active and persistent communications with the shareholders and investors have been recognized by third parties.
     During the Reporting Period, the Company once again won the “Most Valuable Medical and Pharmaceutical Listed
     Company” Award of the Golden Hong Kong Stocks for the third consecutive year. Ms. Chen Yanling, the Executive
     Director, Vice President and CFO of CMS, was awarded the “Best CFO of Hong Kong Listed Companies” in the
     Gelonghui’s first Best Listed Companies of Greater China Award. Moreover, the Company was honored as “The Best
     Investor Relations” at the first China Enterprise Excellence Awards Ceremony, and won the “Best Case Award” at
     the second China Excellence IR Awards Ceremony. Besides, CMS was honored with three awards, including “Top
     10 Listed Companies with the Highest Investment Value in China Pharmaceutical Industry”, “Top 100 Innovative
     Pharmaceutical Enterprises in China”, and “Benchmarking Enterprises in Pharmaceutical Industry at the 70th
     Anniversary of PRC Founding” at the China Healthcare Summit of Entrepreneurs, Scientists and Investors. In 2018,
     the Company was successfully selected as one of “The Most Attractive Hong Kong Stock-Connect Companies for
     Institutional Investors”, and won the Golden Wing Award of “Hong Kong Stock-Connect Company with the Most
     Substantial Growth Potential” held by the Securities Times. Furthermore, the Company was also recognized as
     the “Honored Company” in the healthcare and pharmaceutical industry by the Institutional Investor Magazine (“II
     Magazine”) . Ms. Chen Yanling won the Third Place of “All-Asia Best CFO (Overall) in Healthcare and Pharmaceutical
     Industry”, which was the seventh consecutive time for Ms. Chen Yanling being awarded. In 2017, CMS won the “Best
     Investor Relations Management” of the Golden Hong Kong Listed Companies. During the same year, the Company
     was named the “All-Asia Most Honored Company” by II Magazine. Mr. Lam Kong, Chairman, Chief Executive and
     President of CMS, was awarded the Second Place of “All-Asia Best CEO (Overall) in Healthcare and Pharmaceutical
     Industry”, which was the second consecutive time for Mr. Lam Kong being awarded. Also, CMS’s investor relations
     team won the Second Place of “All-Asia Best Investor Relations (Overall) in Healthcare and Pharmaceutical Industry”,
     which was the third time for CMS investor relations team being awarded. In December 2017, the Company was once
     again awarded “The Listed Company with the Best Investment Value” of BIVA for the second consecutive year. In
     2016, CMS’s investor relations team won the Second Place of “All-Asia Best Analyst Days (Overall) in Healthcare and
     Pharmaceutical Industry” organized by II Magazine. In 2015, the Company was awarded “The Best Listed Company”
     at “The 5th Chinese Securities Golden Bauhinia” Award Ceremony held by Ta Kung Pao in Hong Kong, and the “Best
     Investor Relations” in the healthcare industry in Greater China by IR Magazine .

     In the future, we will continually maintain close, sincere and effective communications and interactions with investors,
     listen attentively to the feedbacks and voices from the capital markets, and further optimize investor relations.




55   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                             ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND
                                                   GOVERNANCE REPORT

1.       About the Report
The Report is the fourth environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) report of CMS, dating from 1 January 2019 to
31 December 2019. The Report is disclosed annually.


1.1 Basis of Preparation
The Report is prepared as per Appendix 27 Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide of Main Board
Listing Rules issued by the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Ltd.

The contents of the Report were formulated through systematic procedures, including: project kickoff, cross-functional
communication, review of 2018 stakeholder questionnaires, review and ranking of the ESG material issues, setting of
2020 ESG management goals, determination of the disclosure scope of the Report, discussion and participation of the
Board of Directors, collection of relevant information and data, review of the relevant information and data, preparation
of the Report, Board of Directors’ review and final approval.


1.2 Scope of the Report
The Report discloses the ESG risks and performances of the Group conforming to the principle of “Materiality”
mentioned in the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide. Unless otherwise indicated, the scope
of the Report includes the Company, its wholly owned subsidiaries and majority owned subsidiaries (including
pharmaceutical promotion and network management business, pharmaceutical production business, and agriculture
and livestock business. During the Reporting Period, the products from agriculture and livestock business were only
for internal consumption and did not contribute to the Group’s revenue).


1.3 Data Source and Reliability Statement
The materials and cases disclosed in the Report were extracted from the Group’s relevant reports and archives. The
Group undertakes that the Report does not contain any false information or misleading statements, and is responsible
for the content of the Report as to its authenticity, accuracy and completeness.


1.4 Confirmation and Approval
The Board of Directors and senior management team of the Group have approved the Report to ensure that there is
no false information, misleading statements or major omissions in its content.


1.5 Obtaining the Report
The Report, as a part of the Group’s 2019 Annual Report, can be accessed and downloaded from the Stock
Exchange’s website (www.hkexnews.hk) and the Group’s website (www.cms.net.cn). For further consultation, any
opinion or suggestion of the Report, please contact the Group via ir@cms.net.cn.




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          56
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2019
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




     2.      ESG Management
     As a well-established, innovation-driven specialty pharma with a focus on sales and marketing in China, CMS is
     committed to offering competitive products and services to meet China’s unmet medical needs. The Group undertakes
     “carrying out the concept of environmental protection, achieving the value of social responsibility, being committed to
     becoming a leading sustainable pharmaceutical enterprise in China” as its goal of sustainable development, and fulfills
     the core values of “value creation for customers, global reach for innovation, dedication and perseverance, ethics and
     integrity, professionalism and entrepreneurship”.


     2.1 ESG Governance
     In order to continuously improve its overall ESG management level, CMS has formulated and gradually enhanced a
     three-tier ESG governance framework to carry out the ESG management as shown in Figure 1:




                                         Figure 1 CMS’s ESG Governance Framework




57   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                       (CONTINUED)




•     At the top level, Strategic Deployment, the Board of Directors leads ESG management by strategy formulation,
      administrative system approval, ESG management goals and material issues discussion, and the review and
      approval of the ESG Reports and other ESG work deliverables, etc.;
•     At the second level, Coordination and Management, the Investor Relations Department of the Group
      coordinates the implementation of ESG management by coordinating and arranging the annual ESG work for
      each relevant department and subsidiary, including coordinating ESG-related project improvement progress,
      report drafting and information disclosure, as well as reporting to the Strategic Deployment level about the ESG
      work progress and deliverables periodically;
•     At the third level, Assistance and Practice, each department and subsidiary of the Group appoints its own
      ESG coordinator, whose job responsibilities include drafting and implementation of ESG related policies and
      provisions, collection and reporting of ESG information, and reporting of ESG work deliverables.

The Group’s ESG management work follows a closed-loop process: first, setting the annual ESG management
goals; then making the corresponding ESG management measures and plans based on the ESG management
goals; conducting daily ESG management, monitoring dynamic ESG information and drafting annual ESG report
based on the measures and plans; making and implementing supporting improvement plans for issues existing in
ESG management practice based on the annual ESG report preparation workflow and in consideration of internal
communication, internal audit and stakeholders’ concerns; checking work performance at the end of the year, and
making adjustments and formulating new goals in time according to the latest progress.




                                 Figure 2 CMS’s ESG Management Flow Diagram


                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         58
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2019
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




     2.2 ESG Goal
     The Group attaches great importance to ESG goals management. In December 2019, the Board of Directors
     comprehensively reviewed the achievement of CMS’s ESG goals for the year and formulated the ESG goals for the
     next year. See below for CMS’s 2019 ESG management condition and 2020 ESG management goal.

                       Table 1 CMS’s 2019 ESG Management Condition and 2020 ESG Management Goal


              2019 ESG Management Condition                                      2020 ESG Management Goal

                                                                   Deepen the engagement of the Board of Directors in ESG
                                                                   governance; improve the ESG governance framework and
      The Board of Directors participated in and discussed
                                                                   mechanism, to further raise the attention of the concept of
      the ESG governance; had a definite ESG management
                                                                   sustainable development within the Company and increase the
      framework, working group, and working process
                                                                   number of ESG related training programs; further improve the
                                                                   ESG related management system and policies

                                                                   Further improve the rules and regulations on compliance
      Established relatively comprehensive compliance
                                                                   management, practice compliance management and control by
      and anti-corruption related policies and management
                                                                   using abundant management tools, optimize risk management
      structure; implemented compliance management using
                                                                   and internal control processes; improve and promote anti-
      digital technical platforms; further revised and clarified
                                                                   corruption related systems, and increase management
      the anti-corruption system and whistleblower protection
                                                                   intensity, to achieve comprehensive management and control
      system
                                                                   of compliance operations

      Comprehensively controlled the procurement,
                                                                   Uphold continuing quality improvement and quality first to
      production, storage, transportation, sales and other
                                                                   improve product quality management constantly; strengthen
      product quality related sections, and improved the
                                                                   the continuous construction and improvement of the intellectual
      traceability system; sought for innovative products with
                                                                   property protection; constantly promote innovative research
      a global view and focused on unmet clinical needs in
                                                                   and development
      China

                                                                   Further improve the hierarchical management of suppliers and
      Established good communication, cooperation and
                                                                   the supervision and management of their environmental and
      supervision mechanisms with suppliers
                                                                   social risks, formulate corresponding regulatory documents

                                                                   Deeply understand the demands of employees, constantly
      Provided relatively comprehensive safety, health,            optimize organizational atmosphere; increase the number
      development, training, compensation and welfare              of training for the management and employees; improve
      systems for employees                                        the compensation and welfare system and the promotion
                                                                   mechanism to reinforce employee satisfaction

      Implemented the concept of environmental protection          Enhance environmental awareness among all employees,
      through training; strengthened internal audit related to     expand the coverage of environmental protection training; and
      environmental protection, and controlled and managed         gradually formulate quantitative environmental goals to promote
      emissions and utilization of resources                       the Company’s energy conservation and emission reduction


     2.3 ESG Communication
     According to stakeholder’ demands, CMS has established a routine stakeholder communication system. The Group is
     committed to fulfilling the positive interactions with stakeholders via the targeted and diverse ways of communication, and
     making active response to their needs, pushing forward the implementation of sustainable development. CMS has
     established a connection with stakeholders via the following communication methods:

59   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                 Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                        (CONTINUED)




                              Table 2 CMS’s Stakeholder Communication Methods


    Stakeholder                Communication Appeal                           Communication Method

                        •   Compliance with laws and regulations,
                            drug safety                                     Government-company seminar
Governmental and
                        •   Compliance operation under                      Supervision and inspection
regulatory authority
                            supervision                                     Work report and research
                        •   Taxation, employment creation

                                                                            General meeting
                                                                            Operation information, announcement
                        •   Standardized governance, rigorous                and periodic report
                            risk control                                    Telephone, fax, email, internet-voting for
Investor/Shareholder    •   Stable operation, value creation                 general meeting
                        •   Disclosure compliance, openness and             Company official website and WeChat
                            transparency                                     official account
                                                                            Investor visit, meeting and presentation
                                                                            External road show

                                                                            Face-to-face meeting and mutual visit
                                                                            Work meeting and communication via
                        •   Open and fair procurement
                                                                             telephone and email
Supplier                •   Timely communication, win-win
                                                                            Company official website
                            developments
                                                                            Industrial seminar
                                                                            Public bidding


                                                                            Work meeting and communication via
                        •   Operation with integrity, compliant
                                                                             telephone and email
                            products
Distributor                                                                 Company official website
                        •   Timely communication, win-win
                                                                            Customer service hotline
                            developments
                                                                            Face-to-face meeting and mutual visit

                        •   Protection of rights and interests
                                                                            Occupational health and safety training
                        •   Employees caring, respond of
                                                                            Team building activity
Employee                    employee appeals
                                                                            Feedback platform
                        •   Remuneration packages, training and
                                                                            Daily communication and meeting
                            development

                                                                            Disclosure of product label and other
External practitioner   •   Product safety, protection of rights and         information
in the pharmaceutical       interests                                       Academic conference
industry                •   Protection of privacy, business ethics          Processing of customer complaint and
                                                                             feedback


                                                                            Disclosure of product label and other
                        •   Good interaction, information
                                                                             information
                            transparency
                                                                            Handling of consumer complaint and
                        •   Product safety, protection of rights and
                                                                             opinion
                            interests
General public                                                              Implementation of public service
                        •   Privacy protection, business ethics
                                                                             activities
                        •   Public welfare and charity
                                                                            Propaganda of medicine and health
                        •   Community development
                                                                             knowledge
                        •   Social value
                                                                            Company official website


                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          60
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2019
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




     2.4 ESG Materiality Analysis
     Since CMS did not undergo material changes in its business operations or ESG management this year, the Group
     has invited professional consultants to review and assess issues on the sustainable development of the Group during
     the preparation of the ESG report this year. Based on the feedback of the stakeholders on the existing issues and the
     comparison with the list of ESG material issues of the peer companies, alongside the consideration of the analysis of
     the ESG material issues in the previous year, the Group has sorted, updated and summarized the material issues for
     the year concerning its sustainable development, which constitute the documentation basis of the Report.

     Materiality Assessment Procedure
     •      Construction on a library of issues: updated and enhanced the CMS 2019 ESG material issues list based on
            the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide of the Stock Exchange, the review of previous ESG
            related issues and the Group’s conditions of the year, the development of the pharmaceutical industry and the
            stakeholders’ concerns;
     •      Review and approval: submitted the materiality assessment report to the Board of Directors, who reviewed and
            approved it subsequently.

     Based on the results of issue analysis, peer benchmarking, and discussions among the Board of Directors, the Group
     has ranked the materiality of each issue as follow:




                                                                                         B
                                                                                                     G A
                                                                                       J H
                                                                                                 F D   C
                                                                                   K         I
                                                                               M                           E
                                                                                                 L


                                                                           N



                                                           R       P
                                                   T                   O
                                          V            S
                                                               Q
                                               U
                                           W




                                        Figure 3 CMS’s ESG Materiality Analysis Matrix




61   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                 Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                              (CONTINUED)




The materiality assessment of 2019 ESG issues for CMS found 12 highly important issues, 8 medium important issues
and 3 ordinary important issues, the details of which are listed below:

                                        Table 3 CMS’s Materiality Analysis List


 Importance                                      Issue
                         Issue scope                                                     Issue
   of issue                                       No.
                Company governance                 A      Ensuring product and service quality
                Company governance                 B      Caring about employee safety and health
                Company governance                 C      Compliance operation
                Company governance                 D      Improving the pharmacovigilance and drug recall mechanism
                Company governance                 E      Providing competitive salary
     Highly     Company governance                 F      Protecting of intellectual properties
   important
     issue      Company governance                 G      Strengthening innovative research and development
                Company governance                 H      Constructing a good company governance system
                Company governance                  I     Employees training and development
                Company governance                 J      Compliance employment
                Company governance                 K      Protecting customer rights, interests and privacy
                Company governance                 L      Improving the anti-corruption and anti-bribery system
                Company governance                 M      Promoting the sustainable development of supply chain
                Social responsibility              N      Promoting the advancement of the medical progress
                Environmental protection           O      Proper treatment of solid waste
                                                          Making guidelines and setting goals for environmental
    Medium      Environmental protection           P
                                                          protection work
   important
     issue      Environmental protection           Q      Pollutant emission and management
                Environmental protection           R      Energy conservation
                Environmental protection           S      Water conservation
                                                          Participation of public welfare charity, disaster relief activities
                Social responsibility              T
                                                          and others
                Environmental protection           U      Saving packaging materials
    Ordinary
   important    Social responsibility              V      Supporting community development
     issue
                Environmental protection           W      Reducing greenhouse gas emissions


Based on the assessment results, the Group has documented the ESG Report to respond to stakeholders’ concerns
in an orderly manner.




                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED             62
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2019
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




     3.     Compliance Operation
     The Group always attaches importance to compliance management and strictly abides by the applicable laws and
     regulations, including but not limited to the Law of the People’s Republic of China on Anti-Money Laundering, Law of
     the People’s Republic of China Against Unfair Competition, Criminal Law of the People’s Republic of China, Interim
     Provisions on Banning Commercial Bribery of the State Administration for Industry and Commerce, Hong Kong
     Prevention of Bribery Ordinance , etc. During the Reporting Period, the Group has introduced the 2019 version of the
     CMS Anti-fraud Management Policy, an updated version of the Group’s Anti-fraud Management Policy issued in 2015.

     The Group continues to promote its compliance management with comprehensive policy system, complete
     organizational structure, definite department positioning, and digital technology platform. The Group also attaches
     great importance to anti-corruption. It has established a relatively comprehensive anti-corruption behavior regulation
     system, training system and supervision system, and continuously improved the whistleblower protection system,
     optimized risk management and internal control mechanisms, so as to achieve comprehensive management and
     control of compliance operation.


     3.1 Compliance Marketing and Promotion
     The Group has established a complete, top-bottom compliance management framework, including core elements
     such as compliance rules and regulations, compliance team, compliance training, compliance inspection, compliance
     communication and reporting. And the Group also has a smooth management process covering marketing and sales
     compliance and all the functional departments.




63   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                  Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                         (CONTINUED)




3.1.1 Compliance Rules and Regulations
The Group adheres to the concept of compliance marketing and sales, and operates business under strict ethics
standards and professionalism. The Group has formulated relatively comprehensive internal compliance promotion
rules and regulations, Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs), such as the CMS Employee Code of Professional
Ethics, Code of Promotional Conduct, Speaker Regulations, and General Specification on Market Activities to achieve
omni-directional compliance management.


3.1.2 Compliance Training
The Group is well aware of that strengthening and implementing the Group’s compliance training system is an
indispensable part of its compliance management. Accordingly, the Group has established a compliance training
system covering all employees, including all promotional staff in each region. During the Reporting Period, a total
of 28 online and offline compliance training programs were conducted. The Group’s employees received specific
modules of training program since they were hired. Online training has been conducted when the latest compliance-
related policies were published, and the latest compliance information has been disclosed monthly on the internal
communication platform as well. Moreover, the “I want to ask compliance questions” column has been established to
publicize compliance laws and regulations, the Company’s policies combined with practical cases.


3.1.3 Compliance Inspection, Communication and Reporting
The Group’s Compliance Department periodically inspects compliance operation and conducts KPI assessments
based on the results of each inspection. There are regional compliance teams and regional financial compliance
officers in each region to carry out refined compliance management. Based on the existing Compliance Department,
the Group has established the Compliance Committee during the Reporting Period for better coordination and
management of compliance operation. Chaired by Mr. Lam Kong, the Chairman of the Group, the Committee is
composed of ten other senior managers, including the Group’s executive directors, the respective director of the Legal
Department, the Compliance Department and the Marketing Division of Product Strategy Management Department.
The responsibility of the Compliance Committee is to coordinate and supervise the Group’s compliance management
in operation. The reports on the overall performance of the Group’s compliance work will be submitted by the
Compliance Department and discussed at the Compliance Committee’s quarterly meeting.


3.2 Anti-corruption
3.2.1 Anti-corruption Management
The Group provides a clear code of working behavior for each employee, forbidding employees to engage in any
improper behavior such as bribery, corruption, extortion, fraud, or money laundering while interacting with internal and
external stakeholders. When the employee is found with improper behaviors, the promotion of the employee will be
affected. In serious circumstances, warning or dismissal will be considered.

The Group has established and strictly implemented an anti-corruption training system. The anti-corruption-related
materials are provided to employees in the quarterly new employee training program and compliance training program.
During the Reporting Period, a company-wide study of the CMS Anti-fraud Management Policy has been conducted
from director to employee level. The number of participants has reached 3,278, and the learning program is still
ongoing.




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         64
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2019
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




     The Group has established a multi-dimensional behavior regulation and supervision system to prevent internal
     and external improper business practices. In addition to the Group’s Compliance Committee and the Compliance
     Department, the Finance Department formulates financial management measures based on the compliance framework
     and strengthens process management via the intelligent cloud system. These initiatives are installed to enhance
     the transparency of expenses and the compliance of promotion activities of the departments engaged in sales and
     marketing. In addition, the Legal Department controls and prevents legal risks for the Group.

     During the Reporting Period, the Group’s rigorous and thorough anti-corruption system ensured that no corruption
     lawsuits against the Group. The Group did not violate any related laws or provisions that significantly impacted the
     Group in the aspects of anti-bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering.


     3.2.2 Whistleblower Protection
     The Group encourages employees to report and complain about corruption acts via phone and email. The Group has
     established a detailed reporting system and procedures. The reports will be discussed on a case-by-case basis and
     handled hierarchically. The employees involved are required to evade, ensuring fairness and impartiality of the cases
     processing. Definite responses and feedback will be given to the whistleblower within three business days after the
     completion of the investigation.

     The latest CMS Anti-fraud Management Policy released by the Group further defined the whistleblowers protection
     system. The Group will take detailed confidentiality measures to protect the whistleblowing-related documents and
     the whistleblower’s personal information. The Group will not disclose his/her identity without the consent of the
     whistleblower. Anyone who intends to inquire about any related information other than the whistleblower’s personal
     information should register in the Compliance Department. The Group will ensure that employee who reports any of
     the above matters will not be subject to any form of intimidation, retaliation or inappropriate punishment. Harassing or
     harming the whistleblower will be considered as severe misconduct and punished seriously once confirmed.


     4.     Product Liability
     The Group strictly complies with the applicable national laws and regulations such as the Drug Administration Law of
     the People’s Republic of China, Regulations for Implementation on Drug Administration Law of the People’s Republic
     of China and is dedicated to providing competitive products and services. Guided by “Quality first, Consumer first,
     Procedure management, Continuous improvement”, the Group continuously improves product quality management
     and customer service system to improve customer satisfaction. Based on evidence of evidence-based medicine
     and authoritative academic profile of drugs, the Group carries out market activities in a compliant, scientific, and
     responsible manner. The Group also comprehensively promotes innovative research and development to facilitate the
     progress of public health.




65   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                  Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                        (CONTINUED)




4.1 Quality and Safety of Products and Services
In terms of health and safety, advertising, labeling, privacy, intellectual property and remedial measures for products
and services, the Group strictly abides by the applicable national laws and regulations including but not limited to:
Provision for Drug Registration, Provisions for Medical Device Registration, Good Manufacture Practice of Drugs,
Measures for the Supervision and Administration of Drugs Production, Provisions for Supervision of Drug Distribution,
Good Supplying Practice of Drugs, Administrative Measures for the Import of Drugs, Provisions for Adverse Drug
Reaction Reporting and Monitoring, Provisions for Drug Insert Sheets and Labels, Advertisement Law of the People’s
Republic of China, Interim Measures on the Examination and Administration of Advertisement for Drugs, Medical
Devices, Health Foods and Foods for Special Medical Purposes and the Law of the People’s Republic of China on
Safeguarding the Consumer Rights and Interests.

In accordance with the laws and regulations and the requirements of Good Supply Practice of Drugs (“GSP”), the
Group has established quality management system for drug production and operation. It adopts effective quality
control measures in the entire drug production process and operation processes, including procurement, storage,
transportation, sales, etc. to ensure product quality and safety. The drug quality management policy system of the
Group includes Regulations on Drug Procurement, Regulations on Drug Reception, Regulations on Drug Check and
Acceptance, Regulations on Drug Storage, Regulations on Drug Maintenance, Regulations on Drug Transportation,
Regulations on Drug Sale, Regulations on Quality Inquiry, Regulations on Quality Complaints, and Regulations on Drug
Recall. The whole process management was realized.

4.1.1 Safety and Quality Assurance
The finished products promoted and sold by the Group are mainly manufactured in countries of manufacturing
origins (the suppliers) such as Germany, Denmark, the United Kingdom, France and China to ensure product quality
maximally. A small fraction of the rest are self-produced (during the Reporting Period, self-produced products only
accounted for around 4% of the Group’s total sales excluding the effect of the “two-invoice system”). All products
promoted and sold by the Group have been registered and approved by the NMPA. 100% of the subsidiaries with
core business in pharmaceutical promotions and sales have been GSP certified with validity, and 100% of the
subsidiaries with core business in pharmaceutical manufacturing have been Good Manufacturing Practices (“GMP”)
certified.

The Group has established job responsibilities, job requirements, and evaluation systems for employees engaged in
drug procurement, storage, and quality inspection. The Group also conducts job-related knowledge training regularly.
In 2019, the Group provided training in respect of the Law of the People’s Republic of China on Drug Administration
(amended in 2019) for the relevant employees. The training covered more than 3,000 attendances company-wide. All
the measures ensure that drugs are always under safe and standardized management and control.




                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         66
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2019
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




     In the production process for self-produced products, the Group conducts strict inspection of the incoming raw
     materials, including information crosschecking and sampling. Only the raw materials that have passed the examination
     will be accepted, the whole process of which is monitored by the specialized staff. Equipment that meets the
     requirements is used for inspecting raw materials and finished products, and an Inspection Report will be issued when
     the examination has been passed. These initiatives are instituted to ensure compliance with the national standards for
     drugs. The Group establishes a traceable product and material database. In the case of unqualified raw materials or
     finished products, they will be handled according to the procedure on unqualified products management. At the same
     time, a special investigation team will be set up to investigate the cause and rectify it.

     For the purchased finished drugs, the Group conducts strict inspection as per GSP requirement, and examines the
     inspection reports of the same batch (such as Import Inspection Report and/or Inspection Report of Manufacturer)
     to ensure quality compliance with national requirements. Once a quality deficiency is found, the Quality Management
     Department will report it in writing. When the products are confirmed as unqualified, the Storage and Logistics Division
     of Supply Chain Management Department will transfer the products to the “unqualified zone” for separate storage
     and special custody. And these products will be recalled and returned to the suppliers, or applied to be discarded or
     destroyed if necessary after evaluation. Usually the products in the “unqualified zone” will be destroyed annually.

     The Group has 24 finished drug warehouses all equipped with corresponding storage facilities and equipments.
     The Group assigns drug maintenance staff to keep the drugs according to their quality characteristics strictly under
     requirements of the regulations including Regulations on Drug Storage and Regulations on Drug Maintenance. The
     maintenance staff constantly monitors the warehouse temperature and humidity and the storage condition of the
     drugs, conducts regular inspections on and maintenance of facilities and equipment, as well as conducts a summary
     analysis quarterly. Before the delivery and sales of the finished products, the Storage and Logistics Division of Supply
     Chain Management Department conducts a warehouse-out rechecking based on regulation requirements, to ensure
     package integrity and product safety. During the Reporting Period, the Storage and Logistics Division of Supply Chain
     Management Department also completed annual staff training on drug storage knowledge, combined with monthly
     inspections, to confirm the drugs’ storage safety. The Quality Management Department of the Group conducts at least
     one internal audit of warehousing per year, evaluating the status of warehouse hygiene, drug stacking, bulk goods
     storage and monitoring the improvement process.

     The Group has self-built a computerized information management system that complies with GSP requirements to
     apply effective quality control in the processes of procurement, storage, sale, and transportation of drugs to ensure
     drugs’ quality.




67   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                    Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                            (CONTINUED)




4.1.2 Handling of Consumer Complaints and Product Adverse Reactions
The Quality Management Department oversees product quality complaints. The Group has established the Provisions
for Quality Complaints and Operation Procedures for Quality Complaints. The Group also provided specialized
reporting channels and methods for drug quality complaints and adverse reactions/events. Customers can complain
or report to the Group via telephone, fax, email etc. After receiving complaints, the Quality Management Department
will timely record the relevant information in the complaint record system and handle the complaints hierarchically.
Having gone through the process that includes investigation, timely follow-up, archive filling and others, the complaints
will be effectively handled, and the feedbacks will be provided to the complainant timely.

The Group has set up a pharmacovigilance team for establishment and improvement of the pharmacovigilance system
to fulfill the duty and obligation of pharmacovigilance. The team collects, handles and reports safety information about
adverse reactions/events and abides by the applicable SOPs such as Management Regulations on Drug Adverse
Reaction Reporting and Monitoring and Operation Regulations on Drug Adverse Reaction Reporting and Monitoring
to implement the requirements of the regulatory authorities and fulfill the duties of the domestic and overseas drug/
medical device marketing license holders (and/or pharmacovigilance agents designated by the domestic and
overseas drug/medical device marketing license holders). After being informed of the adverse reaction/event, the
pharmacovigilance team will follow the applicable management procedures and SOPs, to manage and monitor the
adverse reaction/event with the digital pharmacovigilance system. It will timely and truthfully record adverse reaction/
event, investigate, analyze, assess and summarize, then report to the regulatory authorities as required, fulfilling
obligations of the security data exchange stated in the relevant agreement. The Group periodically evaluates product
risks in accordance with the Operation Procedures on the Preparation, Review, Submission and Tracking of the
Report on the Periodic Safety Update of Drugs and the Annual Report on Adverse Reaction Monitoring and Operation
Regulations on Drug Safety Signal Detection, and conducts safety management of the product life cycle. The Group
maintains close communication with the domestic and overseas drug/medical device marketing license holders and
the regulatory authorities to ensure continued compliance of pharmacovigilance work and patients’ medication safety.

During the Reporting Period, the Group received a total of 150 complaints. The Group has ensured that all complaints
were effectively handled and responded, and has made relative improvement in time. Therefore, the Group maintained
a complaint handling rate of 100% during the year.


4.1.3 Product Recall
The Group has established and continuously improved the Provisions on Drug Recall and Operation Procedures
on Drug Recall for the recalling of drugs with safety risks that are circulated in the market basing on the relevant
regulatory requirements. If there is a potential safety hazard in product, the Group will immediately establish a recall
work team to initiate the recall process. It includes full notification, submission of the relevant documents to the
regulatory authorities, transportation of the circulated products, sealing of inventory, unified and isolated storage, full-
inspection, full-process investigation, and written summary, etc. The Group has established a relatively comprehensive
and mature recall mechanism and operating procedures, together with practicing simulated recall exercise, to ensure
that defective products can be effectively recalled in an emergency, so that to protect customers’ rights.

During the Reporting Period, the Group did not receive any sold and delivered product recalls due to safety and health
reasons.




                                                                               CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           68
                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2019
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




     The Group’s product and service quality data in 2019 is shown below:

                                           Table 4 Product and Service Quality Data

                                                                                                 Unit         Year 2019

      Response and handling rate for product and service quality related complaints                %             100


      Percentage of sold and delivered product recalls due to safety and health problems           %              0



     4.1.4 Standardized Marketing and Promotion
     The Group pays attention to marketing and promotion compliance and has established the Speakers Regulations,
     Academic Promotion Materials Regulations, Drug Advertisements Regulations, etc. to ensure the accuracy,
     professionalism and compliance of the promotional materials and the stringent compliance of advertising with the
     national rules and regulations. The contents of the Group’s promotional materials are consistent with the instructions
     approved by the NMPA. They can only be published in professional magazines co-designated by the National Health
     Commission and the NMPA after being reviewed by related internal departments, and being approved by the Provincial
     Food and Drug Administration. At the same time, the Group has established the Provisions for Label Control and
     Management to ensure the drug classification and drug package labeling comply with the local laws and regulations,
     and Operation Procedure of Design, Review and Approval of Printing Packaging Materials has been formulated to
     ensure the label complying with registration approval requirements.


     4.1.5 Consumer Privacy Protection
     The Group attaches great importance to consumer privacy protection and maintains the confidentiality of nonpublic
     information on behalf of customers and other stakeholders of the Group conforming to related laws and regulations
     as well as applicable contracts. Both the CMS Employee Code of Professional Ethics and CMS Employee Manual
     specify requirements on the third-party privacy protection. Through the confidentiality agreements, the importance
     of confidentiality duties and the legal consequences of confidentiality violation are also delivered and emphasized.
     Moreover, the Group’s business management system manages customers’ information access and maintenance with
     limited authorization. Non-authorized employees cannot use, export or copy any customer information.


     4.2 Protection of Intellectual Properties
     The Group strictly abides by the applicable laws and regulations such as the Patent Law of the People’s Republic of
     China, Trademark Law of the People’s Republic of China, etc. External trademarks and patents of the third parties
     are used in strict accordance with the applicable laws and regulations and with authorization obtained for business
     operation to avoid infringing others’ intellectual property rights. The Group effectively protects and manages the
     proprietary intellectual property rights of CMS by monitoring the usage of registered trademark. The Group obtains the
     assets or rights of patented products in China and some Asia-Pacific countries mainly through equity investments and
     license-in. The Group treats intellectual property (such as trademarks, patents, confidential information, production
     know-how, etc.) as important assets of the Group. Moreover, all the company names, logos, and products of the
     Group have registered trademarks, which are regulated by the CMS Code of Trademark Use. The in-house developed
     ERP system is protected with software copyright. During the Reporting Period, the Group commenced further
     enhancement of policies of intellectual property protection.


69   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                  Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                         (CONTINUED)




During the Reporting Period, the Group did not violate any related laws or provisions that significantly impact the
Group in the aspects of health and safety, advertising, labels, privacy, intellectual property and remedial measures for
its products and services.


4.3 Strengthening Innovative Research and Development
The Group treats innovative research and development as its core strategy. Holding a global view, the Group has
deployed innovative products clusters with a relatively high innovation level and sufficient potential to fulfill unmet
medical needs in China pharmaceutical market. During the Reporting Period, the Group has accelerated the
deployment of a number of innovative products covering different therapeutic areas such as anti-tumor, ophthalmology,
and dermatology. The Group is committed to caring for patients in various disease fields and providing them with more
efficient, convenient and cost-effective quality products. Meanwhile, the Group actively explores extensive cooperation
with the domestic and overseas leading pharmaceutical companies and scientific research institutions, in order to
contribute to the innovation transformation of the China pharmaceutical industry. During the Reporting Period, the
Group acquired nine innovative products with sufficient competitive edges and can fulfill unmet clinical needs in China,
expanding the number of innovative products to eighteen. The Group has been actively working on the registration
related work of these products in China market and looking forward to benefiting patients and their families who suffer
from related diseases as soon as possible.


5.     People-oriented Practice
In terms of employment (including remuneration, demission, recruitment, promotion, working hours, vacation, equal
opportunity, diversity, anti-discrimination and other welfare and benefits), occupational health and safety as well as
labor codes, the Group strictly conforms to the related national laws and regulations, which include but are not limited
to the Labor Contract Law of the People’s Republic of China, Labor Law of the People’s Republic of China and
Regulations on the Implementation of the Labor Contract Law of the People’s Republic of China.

The Group deems its employees as the most valuable assets. The Group has established the CMS Employee Manual
covering employment, performance, employee relations, remuneration and welfare to enhance employees’ sense of
responsibility and belonging. In accordance with laws and regulations, the Group ensures compliance employment,
protects employee health and safety, promotes employee equality and diversity, constantly improves employee training
and development systems, and provides a good working environment and atmosphere for employees. During the
Reporting Period, the Group did not violate any applicable law and regulation that significantly impact the Group in
terms of employment, occupational health and safety, and labor regulations.




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         70
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2019
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




     5.1 Talent Management
     5.1.1 Employment and Legal Compliance
     The Group recruits employees legally and compliantly, complying strictly with the Social Insurance Law of the People’s
     Republic of China, Minimum Wage Provisions, Rules of the State Council on Working Hours of Workers and Staff
     Members, Special Rules on the Labor Protection of Female Employees, Special Rules on the Protection of Juvenile
     Workers, Provisions on the Prohibition of Child Labor and Law of the People’s Republic of China on the Protection of
     Minors, etc. The Group promises to sign, modify, rescind or terminate the labor contracts with employees as per the
     applicable national laws and regulations and its internal relevant rules and requirements. The employment relationship
     takes effect upon signing the labor contract out of free will and with agreement from both parties. The Group labor
     contract stipulates the authenticity of candidates’ personal information. The Human Resources Management
     Department of the Group assures the legality of employment by checking the ID of each employee and other means.
     The Group conducts unified management with both regular and informal employees to ensure that they are treated
     fairly. During the Reporting Period, the Group employed no child labors or forced labors, and there was no downsizing
     as well.

     The Group’s employment and turnover data of employees in 2019 is shown as below:

                                                Table 5 Employment Information


                                                                                   Unit                  Year 2019
      Total employees                                                             Person                   4,052
           -    Number of male employees                                          Person                   1,903
           -    Number of female employees                                        Person                   2,149
           -    Number of contracted employees                                    Person                   4,052
           -    Number of dispatched employees                                    Person                     0
           -    Number of employees aged under 30                                 Person                   2,150
           -    Number of employees aged 30-50                                    Person                   1,782
           -    Number of employees aged over 50                                  Person                    120



                                                Table 6 Employee Turnover Rate


                                                                                   Unit                  Year 2019
      Turnover rate of employees                                                    %                       18.6
           -    Turnover rate of male employees                                     %                       19.9
           -    Turnover rate of female employees                                   %                       17.3
           -    Turnover rate of employees aged under 30                            %                       20.1
           -    Turnover rate of employees aged 30-50                               %                       17.4
           -    Turnover rate of employees aged over 50                             %                       5.5




71   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                  Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                          (CONTINUED)




In addition, the Group strives for a fair, respectful and diversified working environment, and adheres to the principles
of anti-discrimination and equal opportunity in human resources and recruitment decisions. The Group ensures
that employees are not treated unfairly due to factors such as race, age, gender, religion, nationality, marital status,
disability, etc. as per applicable national laws and regulations. The Group also establishes relevant complaint and
punishment mechanisms for discrimination and harassment to ensure employees’ rights. The Group has established
the Special Collective Contract for the Protection of the Rights and Interests of Female Employees to protect the rights
and interests of female employees. Female employees of the Group are entitled to statutory holidays during pregnancy,
maternity and lactation, and are given reasonable care and consideration. The Group encourages equal-based
communication. All employees may communicate with the management via the internal ERP platform, telephone
and face-to-face dialogues. In addition, the Group conducts irregular employee satisfaction surveys. For instance,
the Human Resources Management Department conducted employee satisfaction surveys in 2018 to understand
employees’ authentic concerns and working satisfaction. The timely feedbacks were submitted to the management
with improvement made. The Group’s subsidiaries also established their own labor unions to promote better protection
of the employees’ rights and interests, as well as increase joint channels for democratic communication.


5.1.2 Recruitment, Remuneration, Incentives and Promotion
The Group has established the Social Recruitment Process and Campus Recruitment Process. New employees are
recruited through various measures such as campus recruitment, internal recommendation and online recruitment,
etc. Standardized process from contacting to hiring candidates has been established as well. To ensure the hiring
of high-quality and suitable talents that fulfill the internal talent demand, the Group conducts recruitment via multiple
channels, together with the use of ERP system to follow the just, fair and open recruitment process.

Based on the concept of “strivers-oriented”, the Group has established a fair remuneration system which leans
towards the “posts and people who creates value”. The Group dynamically reviews the employees’ remuneration level
according to the Consumer Price Index (“CPI”) and compares internal and external remuneration levels once a year
based on the remuneration report from professional consulting companies to ensure that employees receive fair and
competitive salaries and remuneration. During the Reporting Period, the Group reformed the remuneration system
comprehensively based on the guidance of “post-based grading, grade-based remuneration, person-post matching,
and synchronized change of post and remuneration” and has adjusted the posts, ranks and wages of employees
on basis of individual’s quality evaluation. The Group has established incentive policies such as the “Hall of Honor
Awarding System” and “Annual Incremental Reward Plan” to provide staged incentives.

The employee promotion within the Group is competitiveness-oriented and follows the talent promotion principle
of “internal selection, step-by-step promotion, classified training, spiral rise, and anomalous promotion in special
period”. Fair, just and open promotion channels and opportunities are available for all employees. Employees may
apply for management posts through internal competition and recommendation. The Human Resources Management
Department regularly announces personnel appointment and removal notice to ensure the fairness and effectiveness.




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          72
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2019
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




     5.2 Training and Development
     The Group attaches great importance to the training and empowerment of its employees, and encourages employees
     to continuously improve their professional abilities and enterprising spirit to realize self-worth. By organizing various
     training activities, the Group systematically assists employees to improve their professional competence to promote
     the co-development of the employees and the Company. The Group has established policies such as CMS Employee
     Manual, Provisions on Employee Training and Career Development, Provision on Employee Training Process, and
     Provision on Internal Instructor Training. Moreover, the Group has expressively provided internal and external training
     to support the rapid growth of employees. Driven by such policies, the Group has formulated various annual training
     programs and organized diverse training activities based on industry environment, policy change, the development
     strategy of the Group, and the needs of each department. Meanwhile, in order to provide a good and centralized
     training environment and atmosphere for employees, the Group has established a specific training base in Pingshan,
     Shenzhen. In addition, the employees could learn conveniently and effectively through digital mobile tools. During the
     Reporting Period, the Group’s total training expenditure was about RMB2.9 million.

                                Table 7 Main Contents of Internal and External Employee Training


                            Internal training                                           External training

      •    New employee training: each new employee must              •    External training refers to the training course
           receive this training and pass the assessment                   organized and managed by any external entity
      •    “Tutor System”: a senior employee will be assigned as           which the employees apply to participate in
           the tutor for the newly hired or transferred employee           according to employee’s needs of work. Such
      •    Internal training: GSP/GMP training, business skills,           trainings mainly include qualification training,
           business etiquette, corporate culture training, etc.            thesis seminar, forum, study tour and field visit.
      •    Compliance training: a deep understanding of                    The Company will bear the relevant expense
           compliance policies and rules, etc.                             incurred



     The Group’s training data in 2019 is shown below:

                                                 Table 8 Employee Training Data


                                                                                           Unit              Year 2019
      Total employees training expenditure                                             Million RMB               2.9
      Coverage of employees training                                                        %                    83.0
           -    Training coverage of general employees                                      %                    83.4
           -    Training coverage of senior management                                      %                    35.3
      Employees training duration per capita                                              Hours                  34.1
           -    Training duration per capita for general employees                        Hours                  34.4
           -    Training duration per capita for senior management                        Hours                  3.2




73   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                   Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                           (CONTINUED)




5.3 Care for Employees
5.3.1 Occupational Health and Safety
The Group strictly abides by the laws and regulations on employee occupational health and safety, such as the Work
Safety Law of the People’s Republic of China, Law of the People’s Republic of China on Prevention and Control of
Occupational Diseases, and Regulations on Work-Related Injury Insurances. The Group has established and kept
enhancing the employee safety protection system which is driven by safety rules and regulations, and composed by
safety record, safety training, safety inspection, safety protection, health check, fire drill and daily maintenance. The
system is designed to ensure production safety and occupational health through various methods. During the Report
Period, the Group has no work-related fatalities.


  Occupational health
                                              Related implementation and monitoring methods
   and safety system
                           The Regulations on Governing Safety Prevention Responsibility, Environment and Fire
     Safety rules and
                           Emergency Plan, Provisions on Safety Production, Provisions on Crises Management,
       regulations
                           CMS Office Building Emergency Plan, Provisions on CMS Site Safety, etc.

                            Establishment of historical occupational safety and health records for employees;
      Safety record         completed safety assessments of the storage and use of hazardous chemicals and
                            reported to the safety supervision authority

                            Establishment of a production safety training system for all employees including new
                            hires, specialized operation personnel, safety management officers; formation of teaching-
      Safety training       assessment training mode participated by Administration of Work Safety, fire control
                            experts and internal experts; specialized operation personnel must regularly participate in
                            professional training and assessment

                            Regular organization of various safety inspections; establishment of production safety
                            leading groups in production subsidiaries to implement work safety accountability system;
    Safety inspection
                            organization and implementation of the “Production Safety Month” program; regular
                            conduction of safety inspection in office sites to prevent accidents

                            Setting of safety warning signs and first aid kits; provision of suitable personal protective
    Safety protection       device for the employees in risky positions. For example, the provision of dust masks and
                            respirators for employees in dusty posts
                            Provision of annual health check for all employees. During the Reporting Period, 100% of
      Health check
                            employees had voluntarily participated in the annual health check
                            Conducting of fire safety emergency drills to make employees more familiar with
         Fire drill         evacuation routes, learn the use of fire extinguishers, and improve their self-protection
                            capability

                            Daily trifles to reduce employees’ health risks, such as changing drinking water filters on
    Daily maintenance       a regular basis, the air-condition system maintenance, carpet cleaning and disinfection,
                            insect and rat extermination, etc.




                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         74
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2019
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




     The Group’s employees’ health and safety data in 2019 is shown below:

                                              Table 9 Employees’ Health and Safety Data


                                                                                           Unit              Year 2019
      Working days lost due to work-related injury                                          Day                  338
      Number of work-related fatalities                                                   Person                  0
      Proportion of work-related fatalities                                                 %                     0
      Proportion of employees with occupational health checks                               %                    100


     5.3.2 Employee Welfare
     The Group, abiding strictly by laws and regulations, provides employees with five statutory social insurance schemes
     (basic endowment insurance, basic medical insurance, employment injury insurance, maternity insurance and
     unemployment insurance) and housing funds for employees who have established an employment relationship
     with the Group. In addition, the Group provides annual family visit subsidies for employees, housing subsidies to
     help solve the housing problems for fresh graduates, as well as Taikang group accident insurance, health check,
     employee community activities, overtime dinners, sports venues (such as badminton halls and swimming pools), and
     holiday gifts and benefits, etc. for employees. The Group implements flexible working hours, allowing employees
     to work remotely, and provides convenience to its employees in various ways. During the Reporting Period, the
     Group’s headquarter opened a gymnasium for employees for free and also provided employees with an annual cruise
     conference celebrating the eighteenth anniversary of the Group. During the Reporting Period, the Group’s employee
     benefit coverage rate was 100%.


     6.     Cooperation and Mutual Benefits
     The Group attaches importance to the effective cooperation and management with suppliers and distributors to ensure
     the sustainability and safety of the drugs’ quality development. The Supply Chain Management Department of the
     Group is responsible for ensuring the efficient operation of all sections of the supply chain, and the Quality Management
     Department is responsible for supporting the supervision of suppliers, to form a relatively comprehensive supply
     chain management system. The establishment of an effective supply chain management system could reasonably
     reduce the Company’s operating costs, ensure product and service quality, diminish cooperation risks and ultimately
     achieve a mutually beneficial cooperation and sustainable development with upstream and downstream enterprises.

     The Group has established the Regulations on First-time Supplier Qualification Review, Operation Provisions on
     Internal Quality Audit to regulate supplier management. Moreover, the Group has developed the Regulations on Drug
     Procurement, Regulations on Procurement Planning and Review, Regulations on Auditing Supplier Salesperson
     Qualification, Provisions for Material Suppliers Management, Operation Procedure of Material Supplier Evaluation and
     Approval, Provisions for Material Procurement, etc. to guide and standardize material and drug procurement, ensuring
     that the procurement plan is consistent with the operational demands.




75   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                   Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                           (CONTINUED)




Through long-term communication and business contacts, the Group has built the sustainable and stable strategic
relationships with its suppliers and distributors, and established good communication mechanism with open dialogue
and mutual trust. During the cooperation, the Group has fully communicated problems that lie within a reasonable
scope with suppliers and actively assisted in rectification and improvement to realize mutual benefits and risk-sharing.


6.1 Supplier Management
Finished drugs account for the majority of the Group’s procurement. The main suppliers are professional
pharmaceutical manufacturers from Europe and Mainland China. The Group strictly controls the admission standards
of suppliers, and inspects including but not limited to the following aspects: company scale and history, industrial
reputation and competitiveness, production conditions, product category, quality and prestige, after-sales service,
environmental protection, compliance and social responsibility, etc. Suppliers are required to provide relevant
qualification certificates, including Drug Production License or Drug Operation License and Business License to ensure
the compliance of its operation and effectiveness of the cooperation.

The finished drugs that the Group promotes and sells are introduced through asset purchase or long-term sales
agreement, and the production is mainly conducted by the original factories or designated manufacturers. Therefore,
the Group has sustained long-term and stable strategic relations with upstream suppliers. For the drug procurement
from the first-time supplier, the Group firstly reviews the completeness, authenticity, and legal validity of the company
profile, and organizes a site inspection when necessary and evaluates the supplier’s quality management system.
Once the suppliers are selected, the Group will sign a long-term supply agreement with them and conduct annual
quality review. It mainly covers the drug supply condition (batch of supply, qualified batch, passing rate and return rate
of drugs), supply qualification, salesperson qualification, and implementation of the quality assurance agreement and
the purchase contract, transportation conditions, etc. then form a List of Qualified Suppliers. 100% of the Group’s
finished drug suppliers are managed in accordance with this standard.

All production material suppliers are selected as per the Operation Provisions on Assessment and Approval of Material
Suppliers. The list of qualified suppliers will be determined through on-site assessment and audit of their qualification,
capacity, technology, quality management system and executives. According to the degree of importance of materials,
the Group implements hierarchical management of qualified suppliers, classifying them into three categories, namely
A, B and C, and conducts annual inspections based on the supplying quality. The suppliers of Category A who have a
significant impact on drug quality and safety shall receive an extra annual on-site auditing. The Group timely updates
the suppliers list based on the results of the annual inspection and maintains at least two qualified suppliers for any
production material to ensure the supply of materials in emergency. 100% of the Group’s material suppliers are
managed in accordance with this standard.

If the materials provided by the qualified supplier do not conform to the Group’s requirements in the official
procurement, the Group shall first conduct the re-inspection of the sample. If the sample fails the re-inspection,
a nonconformity report will be issued and delivered to the supplier in time, and the nonconforming goods will be
returned. Suppliers whose services or products fail to meet the Group’s requirements twice a year will be disqualified.
If any severe defect or significant quality risk is found, the purchasing will be suspended. During the Reporting Period,
there was no significant product supply delay from the Group’s suppliers.




                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          76
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2019
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




     The Group has established a mutual visit mechanism to strengthen communication with suppliers. During the
     Reporting Period, the Group invited core overseas suppliers to visit the company as well as visited the suppliers’
     factories. Both sides reviewed the cooperation history, discussed the future cooperation direction, and formulated new
     cooperation strategies.

     The Group’s supplier data in 2019 is shown below:

                                                       Table 10 Supplier Data


                                                                                             Unit               Year 2019
      Total number of suppliers                                                             Number                  101
      -    Mainland suppliers                                                               Number                  81
      -    HK SAR, Macau SAR, TWN and overseas suppliers                                    Number                  20


     6.2 Distributor Management
     The Group has established the Regulations on Purchaser Qualification Review, Operation Procedures on Purchaser
     Qualification Review and Selection and Assessment System of Distribution Cooperative Partners to support the
     management of distributors. The distributors’ screening standards include basic criterias (such as GSP qualifications,
     storage capacity, distribution capacity, staffing, and working capital, etc.), cooperation willingness, distribution channel
     coverage, market control, brand image, etc., fully guaranteeing the distributor’s qualifications and compliance level,
     and ensuring product quality and intactness during the distribution process.


     6.3 Sustainable Development of Supply Chain
     The Group takes into account human rights, environmental and social factors in its regular annual inspections
     of suppliers. The Group tends to select the suppliers with green environmental protection concepts or relevant
     qualifications. If the candidates are on a par, the one in closer proximity will be preferred for more convenient
     transportation, reducing the potential pollution to the environment during the shipment. The Group stipulates definite
     anti-bribery and anti-corruption clauses in the contract with suppliers to ensure their compliance operations, and also
     precisely requires them to comply with the local regulatory requirements for operations and production to prevent
     relevant social risks. In addition, the Group signs quality assurance agreements with suppliers, which clearly demand
     the integrity of product quality and supply to achieve management of procurement integrity.

     The Group prefers large-scale distributors who located in broader market and with comprehensive distribution channel
     coverage to reduce the negative impact on the environment in the logistics operation. The Group conducts a series
     of management measures and systems, and strives to ensure compliance and safety management of the supply
     chain. Concurrently the Group implements the concept of environmental protection, and fulfills requirements and
     responsibility of sustainable development.




77   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                 Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                       (CONTINUED)




7.     Environmental Protection
The Group always keeps the corporate social responsibility in mind, insists on protecting the ecological environment
and reduces the impact on the surrounding environment in the process of operation and development. The Group
strictly abides by the applicable laws and regulations on environmental protection, such as the Environmental
Protection Law of the People’s Republic of China and Environmental Impact Assessment Act of the People’s Republic
of China.

The Group has established and continuously improved the environmental management system, and environmental
protection responsibilities are fully implemented from the Group to its subsidiaries. The Group has established the
Regulations on Environmental Protection, Environmental Emergency Plan and Regulations on Hazardous Waste,
covering the environmental protection management framework, storage and transportation of hazardous waste,
identification and management of accident with environmental pollutant such as fire, explosion. The Group has
instituted an emergency mechanism with detailed solutions and responsible units for various risks.

During the Reporting Period, the Group conducted an internal audit of environment management. The Audit
Department of the Group has led and organized the audit over subsidiaries’ energy consumption, pollutant
emission, environmental protection project construction, payment of environmental protection taxes, etc. to ensure a
standardized environmental management. On a daily basis, the subsidiaries of the Group regularly supervise, inspect
and evaluate their sanitation, water and electricity consumption, etc. In addition, the Group also actively cooperates
with local governments and authorities such as environmental protection and animal husbandry departments, to
conduct regular environmental inspections, and push forward the implementation of environmental management in
every aspect.


7.1 Emission Control
The business of the Group mainly includes pharmaceutical promotion and network management business,
pharmaceutical production business, and agriculture and livestock business. Among them, pharmaceutical promotion
and network management are main businesses. Pharmaceutical production business is mainly carried out by Kangzhe
(Hunan) Medical Co., Ltd. (“Kangzhe Hunan”), Hebei Xinglong Xili Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Hebei Xili”) and Pingshan
Manufacture Base of Shenzhen Kangzhe Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Pingshan Factory”) (where Pingshan Factory
did not carry out any production during the Reporting Period, but mainly served as an employees’ training base and
for warehousing). The Group has small-scale pharmaceutical production business. During the Reporting Period, the
sale of self-produced products only accounted for around 4% of its turnover after excluding the effect of the “two-
invoice system”. The agriculture and livestock business are mainly carried out by Hunan Kangzhe Agricultural and
Livestock Development Co., Ltd. (“Hunan Agriculture and Livestock”). The products provided by Hunan Agriculture
and Livestock are only for internal consumption and had no contribution to the Group’s turnover during the Reporting
Period. Due to the Group’s business characteristic, the total amount of environmental pollutants produced was limited,
and the impact on the environment and natural resources was insignificant. During the Reporting Period, the Group
did not have any significant pollution incident.




                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         78
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2019
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




     7.1.1 Solid Waste Management
     The Group strictly abides by the applicable laws and regulations such as the Law of the People’s Republic of China
     on the Prevention and Control of Solid Waste Pollution, Standard for Pollution Control on the Storage and Disposal
     Site for General Industrial Solid Wastes, and Standard for Pollution Control on Hazardous Waste Storage, etc. The
     Group has also established the relevant internal management rules and regulations such as the Procedures of
     Hazardous Solid Waste Management, Provisions on Quality-Control Laboratory Waste Management, Regulations on
     Toxic Products, according to the applicability of the business type. During the Reporting Period, Kangzhe Hunan, a
     subsidiary of the Group, has revised the Procedures of Hazardous Chemicals Management to refine the qualification
     for the storage of hazardous products, established the ledger for the procurement and storage of hazardous
     chemicals, and continuously improved solid waste management rules and regulations.


                Office waste                 Pharmaceutical production waste           Agriculture and livestock waste

          Actively advocating green            Recycling the herb residues,             Adopting automatic collection
           office culture, and promoting         which are mainly particle filter          devices to collect animal
           green awareness of                    residues (lignin) and a small             excrement and making
           environmental protection and          amount of insoluble extractives           into organic fertilizers for
           low-carbon life;                      which are non-hazardous solid             crops through biological
          Continually implementing              waste and are used for fuel or            fermentation;
           office waste classification,          fertilizer;                              Providing storage tanks to
           and regular handling of non-         Adopting a refined production             receive the drug residues from
           recyclable waste by the               management model. Ordering                Kangzhe Hunan and mixing
           property company;                     and using chemicals according to          and fermenting with organic
          Recycling or reusing paper,           the needs to reduce hazardous             fertilizer at a certain proportion
           metal, plastic, glass and other       waste generation amount;                  to produce efficient fertilizer for
           recyclable waste to reduce           Constructing oil separator and            crops, realizing the ecological
           office waste.                         septic tanks for primary treatment        and organic recycling of
                                                 of sludge to reduce impurities;           waste.
                                                Handling of toxic and hazardous
                                                 waste by a third party professional
                                                 with treatment qualification.


     The Group’s solid waste data in 2019 is shown below:

                                                  Table 11 Solid Waste Data


                                                                               Unit                      Year 2019
      Hazardous waste                                                          Ton                           0.2
      Hazardous waste intensity                                          Ton/million RMB                  0.00003
      Non-hazardous waste                                                      Ton                         1,676.8
          -    Herb residue                                                    Ton                         1,569.6
          -	Sewage sludge                                                      Ton                          11.7
          -    Household garbage                                               Ton                          95.4
      Non-hazardous waste intensity                                      Ton/million RMB                    0.24


79   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                 Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                       (CONTINUED)




7.1.2 Air Pollutant Management
The Group strictly abides by the Law of the People’s Republic of China on the Prevention and Control of Atmospheric
Pollution, Comprehensive Discharge Standard of Atmospheric Pollutants and Emission Standard of Boiler Air
Pollutants, and has established such internal management rules and regulations as the Exhaust Gas Emission
Management Procedures, Operation Regulations of Steam Boilers, Regulations of Boilers Management, and
Operation Regulation of Exhaust Gas, etc. to regulate the air pollutant treatment process and reduce the impact of
exhaust emissions on the atmospheric environment.

During the Reporting Period, the Group continued to use clean energy for boiler operation: Kangzhe Hunan used
natural gas and Hebei Xili used alcohol-based liquid fuel to run the boilers. At the same time, the Group continuously
optimized its production plans to improve boiler operation efficiency to save energy and reduce emissions.


                    Kangzhe Hunan                                                  Hebei Xili

     The exhaust gas of the natural gas boiler is               Entrusting a third-party professional testing
      delivered to the activated carbon absorption                agency for quarterly sampling of the exhaust
      device to remove Nitrogen Oxide, Sulfur Dioxide,            gas emitted by steam boilers. The monitoring
      and Particulate Matter, followed by wet-spraying.           results for the whole year of 2019 show that the
      Normative exhaust gas is discharged at a specified          exhaust emissions have met the requirement of the
      altitude. Wastewater of wet sprinkler device flows          Emission Standard of Boiler Air Pollutants.
      to the self-built sewage treatment station for
      treatment and recycling.


The Group’s air pollutant emission data in 2019 is shown below:

                                         Table 12 Air Polluant Emission Data


                                                                       Unit                      Year 2019
 Sulfur Dioxide (SO2)                                                   Kg                           35.5
 Nitrogen Oxide (NOx)                                                   Kg                         1,612.6
 Particulate Matter (PM)                                                Kg                          245.5


7.1.3 Green House Gas (GHG) Management
Climate change has been one of the global focuses in recent years. The Group also realizes that it will impact the
company’s production and operation profoundly and therefore it is necessary to identify the potential crisis in depth
brought by climate change. The Group has been actively using clean and efficient energy sources and conducting a
series of measures to reduce direct and indirect GHG emissions. During the Reporting Period, the Group’s total GHG
emission intensity was 1.42 Ton CO2e/million RMB, a decrease of 11.3% compared with the same period last year.
The detail of relevant measures in GHG emissions reduction is written in the 7.2 Resources Management section. The
Group’s direct GHG emissions mostly come from the energy consumption of natural gas, alcohol-based liquid fuels,
gasoline, diesel oil, etc. and the indirect emission of the purchased electricity.




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED       80
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2019
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




     The Group’s GHG emission data in 2019 is shown below:

                                                 Table 13 GHG Emission Data


                                                                                    Unit                       Year 2019
      Direct GHG emission (Scope 1)                                               Ton CO2e                       5,854.1
      Indirect GHG emission (Scope 2)                                             Ton CO2e                       3,952.2
      Total GHG emission (Scope 1+2)                                              Ton CO2e                       9,806.3
      Total GHG emission (Scope 1+2) intensity                       Ton CO2e /million RMB                        1.42


     7.1.4 Wastewater Management
     The Group strictly abides by the Law of the People’s Republic of China on Prevention and Control of Water Pollution,
     Integrated Wastewater Discharge Standard, Wastewater Quality Standards for Discharge to Municipal Sewers,
     Discharge Standard of Pollutants for Municipal Wastewater Treatment Plants, and established the Operation
     Regulations of Wastewater, Operation Standards of Usage, Maintenance, and Repair of Sewage Facilities and other
     internal rules and regulations on wastewater treatment according to the business type, in order to strengthen the
     sewage discharge management.


               Kangzhe Hunan                            Hebei Xili                          Hunan Agriculture and Livestock

          In 2019, a new wastewater            After treatment of the                      Actively grows turfs and other
           treatment project with a              Company’s sewage                             plants around animal house and
           capacity of 200 tons/day was          treatment station, the                       parks to purify residual animal
           built to prevent the drop in          qualified wastewater flows                   dung water outdoor. At the same
           treatment effect in case of           into municipal wastewater                    time, artificial wetlands are under
           sudden production increase.           treatment plant.                             construction.



     The Group’s wastewater discharge data in 2019 is shown below:

                                    Table 14 Wastewater and Pollutant Components Data


                                                                                    Unit                       Year 2019
                                                                                        3
      Wastewater                                                                    m                           57,536.7
                                                                              3
      Wastewater intensity                                               m /million RMB                           8.34
      Ammonia Nitrogen (NH3-N)                                                      Ton                            0.1
      Chemical Oxygen Demand (COD)                                                  Ton                            1.1




81   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                    Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                         (CONTINUED)




7.1.5 Noise Management
Regarding the noise generated by the machine operation during the drug production, the Group strictly manages the
noise emission according to the Emission Standard for Industrial Enterprises Noise at Boundaries, monitoring regularly
and requiring the likely susceptible employees to wear protective appliance. During the Reporting Period, the noise
monitoring results met the requirements and did not have a significant negative impact on the staff’s occupational
health and the ecological environment.


7.2 Resource Management
The Group adheres to the implementation of energy conservation and the emission reduction in production and
operation to build a sustainable low-carbon green enterprise actively. The Group reduces the consumption of natural
resources, eradicates the resources-wasting behavior, and advocates the green environmental protection culture.
The Group strictly abides by the Law of the People’s Republic of China on Conserving Energy, Law of the People’s
Republic of China on Promoting Clean Production, and Circular Economy Promotion Law of the People’s Republic
of China, etc. and has established relevant internal management policies to ensure that the Company’s operations
always meet the national and local environmental protection requirements, reducing the impact on the environment
and resources during operation.


7.2.1 Energy Conservation
The Group continuously improves energy management, strengthens energy conservation and efficient utilization, and
promotes a series of relevant activities. Compared to 2018, the Group saved natural gas by 8% and diesel by 48% in
2019.

           Electricity                      Boiler fuel                   Gasoline                  Diesel oil

     Requiring employees to          Boiler fuel is used for     Gasoline consumption        Diesel fuel consumption
      turn off lights when leaving,   drug production:            mainly comes from office:   comes from greenhouses’
      posting relevant signs;                                                                 insulation equipment
     Using LED energy-saving             Having regularized        Establishing the        and vehicles for the
      lamps as much as possible            administration             Regulations on          agricultural business,
      in all lighting places;              over the purchase,         Vehicle Management ,    and emergency power
     Setting the air-conditioners         utilization and            implementing            generator for drug
      at 26℃ , regularly                   exhaust gas                vehicle registration    production business:
      maintaining the air-                 emission of boiler         and approval
      conditioners to reduce               fuel;                      system for vehicle         Using natural water
      energy consumption,                 Purchasing                 use, encouraging            from reservoirs for
      installing shade curtains            quality fuels,             employees to travel         irrigation to reduce
      to reduce direct sunlight in         implementing               together to reduce          the frequency of
      summer for energy saving;            fuel inspection to         the frequency of            diesel engines use;
     Conducting daily                     ensure efficient           vehicle use;               Operating the
      inspections on lighting and          fuel utilization;         Regularly inspecting        diesel generators
      air-conditioners to make            Strictly preventing        and maintaining the         as per practical
      sure reasonable switching            the energy waste           vehicle; requiring          demand, and
      on/off;                              due to steam and           drivers to do mileage       conducting regular
     Installing energy-saving             liquid leakage or          registration.               maintenance.
      lamps for streets and                dripping, etc.;
      warehouses;                         Maintaining boiler
     Adopting frequency control           regularly to ensure
      for engine with long stand-          reasonable and
      by time.                             efficient use of gas
                                           boilers.


                                                                               CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED     82
                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2019
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




     7.2.2 Water Conservation
     The Group’s water consumption includes: drug production and cleaning in drug plants, agricultural irrigation,
     livestock cultivation, and domestic use by employees. The Group strives to increase employees’ awareness of water
     conservation and requires employees to turn off the taps after use to prevent any forms of waste such as “running and
     dripping”, and the Group also strengthens water recycling in production.


       Water for drug production and           Water for agricultural irrigation
                                                                                        Domestic water for employees
                  cleaning                       and livestock cultivation

          Comprehensively maintaining            Upgrading the livestock                 Publicizing the act of water
           the water supply system in              and poultry breeding water               conservation and punishing the
           the factory to prevent water            equipment to automatic water-            act of water waste;
           leakage;                                saving equipment;                       Debugging the automatic
          Getting the domestic water             Replacing spray irrigation by            flushing system in the office to
           and production wastewater               drip irrigation in the greenhouse        shorten the automatic flushing
           to enter the self-built sewage          to reduce the waste of water;            time.
           treatment station for treatment        Using reservoirs and pipeline
           and recycling.                          ditches to collect rainwater, and
                                                   basically realizing natural water
                                                   irrigation for greenhouses.



     7.2.3 Packaging Material and Paper Conservation
     The Group has established the Material Distribution Regulations. The storage and logistics related departments
     have formulated packaging material procurement plans and purchased the materials on demand. The Group strictly
     controls the use of materials and introduces mechanized packaging to save the utilization volume of packaging
     materials. By means of delivering the products in the original packages, improving the packing mode of odds and
     ends, recycling the packaging boxes, etc., the Group aims to achieve reasonable utilization of packaging materials.
     In addition, the Group also raises environmental protection requirements to the packaging material manufacturers.
     For instance, Kangzhe Hunan required its cooperated packaging material manufacturers to provide environmental
     protection evaluation certificates and to submit material inspection certificates for packaging materials they produced.

     The Group comprehensively implements paperless management, encourages video conferences, promotes the use of
     environment-friendly paper, demands double-sided printing and the diversified use of paper, and the secondary use of
     non-secret and nonconfidential paper, in order to reduce the consumption of office paper.




83   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                   Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                         (CONTINUED)




The Group’s detailed energy and resources utilization data in 2019 is shown below:

                                      Table 15 Energy and Resource Utilization Data


                                                                                      Unit              Year 2019
 Conversion of electricity for comprehensive energy consumption                       kWh             30,443,173.8
     - Outsourced electricity                                                         kWh              7,010,258.4
     - Natural gas                                                                    m3                875,788.0
     - Alcohol-based liquid fuel                                                      Ton                2,095.3
     - Gasoline                                                                       Liter             80,272.9
     - Diesel oil                                                                     Liter              1,616.9
     - Liquefied gas                                                                  Kg                  480.0
 Conversion of electricity for comprehensive energy consumption intensity      kWh /million RMB         4,413.85
                                                                                         3
 Total water consumption                                                              m                 204,687.8
                                                                                         3
     - Tap water                                                                      m                 65,168.8
     - Underground water                                                              m3                139,519.0
                                                                                  3
 Total water consumption intensity                                              m /million RMB            29.68
 Total packaging material                                                             Ton                 659.3
     - Paper products                                                                 Ton                 356.0
     - Glass bottle                                                                   Ton                 175.0
     - Plastics                                                                       Ton                 128.2
 Total packaging material intensity                                             Ton/million RMB            0.10
 Office paper                                                                         Ton                  8.0


7.3 Environment and Natural Resources
The Group focuses on developing employees’ awareness of environmental protection, protects biodiversity during
the production and operation, and works together to build for green, harmonious and sustainable development with
various stakeholders. The Group’s operating process does not involve the extraction and utilization of plenty of natural
resources, and has a limited environmental impact.




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         84
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2019
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




         Pharmaceutical promotion and               Pharmaceutical production
                                                                                          Agriculture and livestock business
         network management business                       business

              Effectively managing the              Standardizing procurement to           Applying double-layer of
               waste generated in daily life          prevent environmental damage            protection in the breeding area to
               and promoting green office             such as over-harvesting and             strictly prevent the environmental
               program to reduce resource             destruction of biodiversity,            pollution, collecting and using
               consumption.                           strengthening greening project          natural precipitation for irrigation
                                                      and protecting water and soil           to reduce the use of purchased
                                                      resources, treating production          water.
                                                      sewage by the sewage in
                                                      treatment plant, and using
                                                      the treated water for irrigation,
                                                      sanitary, etc.



     8.        Community Dedication
     The Group attaches great importance to social contribution of the medical and health field, and considers the effort
     in promoting medical advancement a driving force for its developmental momentum. And the Group pays attention to
     the community service and public service activities, and conducts a number of public service activities according to
     the demand.


     8.1 Promoting Medical Advancement
     During the Reporting Period, the Group participated in various re-education programs in the medical and health field.
     By informing primary physicians of advanced therapies and treatment methods, the Group has promoted medical
     advancement with good social recognition. During the Reporting Period, the Group also organized various activities to
     promote the medical advancement, including but not limited to:

     -       The 2019 “Health Walk” Hypertension Management Project: under the theme of “Caring for patient health,
             Antihypertensive treatment first”, it was a philanthropic lecture tour for the comprehensive management of
             hypertension patients. The lectures were conducted to exchange the latest diagnosis and treatment method in the
             field of hypertension, aiming to improve the clinicians’ standardized diagnosis and treatment level of hypertension.

     -       The 2019 “Training Class for the Management of Chronic Diseases in Tianjin Basic-level Medical Institutions”: it
             aimed to further improve the level of essential medical and public health services of basic-level medical staffs,
             strengthening the management and control of chronic diseases, and solidly promoting basic public health
             services.

     -       2019 National Basic-level Cardiovascular Disease Comprehensive Risk Management Project: it aimed to
             standardize the diagnosis and treatment process of cardiovascular diseases in the basic level of society and
             improve the medical service of basic-level doctors.

     -       2019 Geriatrics Hypertension Lecture Tour: it aimed to improve the clinicians’ level of diagnosis and treatment
             in common cardiovascular diseases such as hypertension and coronary heart diseases, especially for elderly
             patients.

85   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                    Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                             (CONTINUED)




8.2 Participation in Public Service Activities
While pursuing the long-term development of the enterprise, the Group has always regarded fulfillment of social
responsibility as its internal driving force, and included philanthropy, especially support for education, into its long-term
plan to give back to society. During the Reporting Period, the Group actively conducted the following public services
activities, and encouraged and supported more employees to participate:

-   The Group and the Shenzhen Social Welfare Center jointly organized the Children’s Day and Media Open Day
    under the theme of “Growing Together and Flying with Childlike Hearts”. The Group donated teaching materials,
    practice facilities, handicrafts materials, childcare clothes and other materials to the center and sponsored the
    stage construction and the activities with a total of 43 participants. And the Group was awarded a pennant and a
    crystal trophy by the welfare center.

-   The Group participated in a community philanthropic event and donated a refrigerator for the “Urban Superman”.

-   Kangzhe Hunan, a subsidiary of the Group, sponsored two local welfare centers with agricultural products in a
    total value of about RMB36,000 and provided free agricultural technology guidance to the local farmer, as well
    as hired an annual average of about 5,000 local farmers, driving the re-employment of the local farmers in the
    neighborhood.

-   Since 2003, Kangzhe Hunan, a subsidiary of the Group, has been donating within its ability to local students who
    need help or educational institutions every year. During the Reporting Period, it has sponsored local education
    bureaus and teachers with a total of RMB110,000. By the end of 2019, it had donated around a total of RMB0.9
    million to the local education bureaus.




                                                                                CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           86
                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2019
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




     ESG Reporting Appendix
     Appendix 1 CMS Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Index


        Environmental, Social and Governance General Disclosure and KPIs                      Corresponding Chapter

      Environmental

                      General Disclosure                                                    7.1 Environmental Protection
                                                                                                Emission Control

                      A1.1   The types of emissions and respective emissions data           7.1 Environmental Protection
                                                                                                Emission Control

                      A1.2   GHG emissions in total and intensity                           7.1 Environmental Protection
                                                                                                Emission Control

      A1: Emissions   A1.3   Total hazardous waste produced and intensity                   7.1 Environmental Protection
                                                                                                Emission Control

                      A1.4   Total non-hazardous waste produced and intensity               7.1 Environmental Protection
                                                                                                Emission Control

                      A1.5   Description of measures to mitigate emissions and              7.1 Environmental Protection
                             results achieved                                                   Emission Control
                             Description of how hazardous and non-hazardous                 7.1 Environmental Protection
                      A1.6   wastes are handled, reduction initiatives and results              Emission Control
                             achieved

                      General Disclosure                                                    7.2 Environmental Protection
                                                                                                Resource Management

                      A2.1   Energy consumption in total and intensity                      7.2 Environmental Protection
                                                                                                Resource Management

                      A2.2   Water consumption in total and intensity                       7.2 Environmental Protection
                                                                                                Resource Management
      A2: Use of
      Resources       A2.3   Description of energy use efficiency initiatives and results   7.2 Environmental Protection
                             achieved                                                           Resource Management

                             Description of whether there is any issue in sourcing          7.2 Environmental Protection
                      A2.4   water that is fit for purpose, water efficiency initiatives        Resource Management
                             and results achieved

                      A2.5   Total packaging material used for finished products and        7.2 Environmental Protection
                             with reference to per unit produced                                Resource Management

                                                                                            7.3 Environmental Protection
                      General Disclosure                                                        Environment and Natural
      A3: The                                                                                   Resources
      Environment
      and Natural
      Resources              Description of the significant impacts of activities on        7.3 Environmental Protection
                      A3.1   the environment and natural resources and the actions              Environment and Natural
                             taken to manage them                                               Resources




87   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                              Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                   (CONTINUED)




Appendix 1 CMS Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Index -continued

   Environmental, Social and Governance General Disclosure and KPIs                Corresponding Chapter

Social

               General Disclosure                                                5.1 People-oriented Practice
                                                                                     Talent Management

B1:            B1.1   Total workforce by gender, employment type, age group      5.1 People-oriented Practice
Employment                                                                           Talent Management

               B1.2   Employee turnover rate by gender, age group                5.1 People-oriented Practice
                                                                                     Talent Management

               General Disclosure                                                5.3 People-oriented Practice
                                                                                     Care for Employees

               B2.1   Number and rate of work-related fatalities                 5.3 People-oriented Practice
                                                                                     Care for Employees
B2: Health
and Safety
               B2.2   Lost days due to work injury                               5.3 People-oriented Practice
                                                                                     Care for Employees

               B2.3   Description of occupational health and safety measures     5.3 People-oriented Practice
                      adopted, how they are implemented and monitored                Care for Employees

               General Disclosure                                                5.2 People-oriented Practice
                                                                                     Training and Development
B3:                   The percentage of employees trained by employee            5.2 People-oriented Practice
Development    B3.1   category                                                       Training and Development
and Training

               B3.2   The average training hours completed per employee by       5.2 People-oriented Practice
                      employee category                                              Training and Development

               General Disclosure                                                5.1 People-oriented Practice
                                                                                     Talent Management

B4: Labour     B4.1   Description of measures to review employment practices     5.1 People-oriented Practice
Standards             to avoid child and forced labour                               Talent Management

               B4.2   Description of steps taken to eliminate such practices     5.1 People-oriented Practice
                      when discovered                                                Talent Management

                                                                                 6.1 Cooperation and Mutual
               General Disclosure                                                    Benefits
                                                                                     Supplier Management

B5:                                                                              6.1 Cooperation and Mutual
Supply Chain   B5.1   Number of suppliers by geographical region                     Benefits
Management                                                                           Supplier Management

                      Description of practices relating to engaging suppliers,   6.1 Cooperation and Mutual
               B5.2   number of suppliers where the practices are being              Benefits
                      implemented, how they are implemented and monitored            Supplier Management




                                                                       CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED     88
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2019
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




     Appendix 1 CMS Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Index -continued

        Environmental, Social and Governance General Disclosure and KPIs                    Corresponding Chapter

      Social

                        General Disclosure                                               4 Product Liability

                               Percentage of total products sold or shipped subject to   4.1 Product Liability
                        B6.1   recalls for safety and health reasons                         Quality and Safety of
                                                                                             Products and Services

                               Number of products and service related complaints         4.1 Product Liability
                        B6.2   received and how they are dealt with                          Quality and Safety of
                                                                                             Products and Services
      B6: Product
      Responsibility           Description of practices relating to observing and        4.2 Product Liability
                        B6.3   protecting intellectual property rights                       Protection of Intellectual
                                                                                             Properties

                               Description of quality assurance process and recall       4.1 Product Liability
                        B6.4   procedures                                                    Quality and Safety of
                                                                                             Products and Services

                               Description of consumer data protection and privacy       4.1 Product Liability
                        B6.5   policies, how they are implemented and monitored              Quality and Safety of
                                                                                             Products and Services

                        General Disclosure                                               3.2 Compliance Operation
                                                                                             Anti-corruption
                               Number of concluded legal cases regarding corrupt
      B7:               B7.1   practices brought against the issuer or its employees     3.2 Compliance Operation
      Anti-corruption          during the reporting period and the outcomes of the           Anti-corruption
                               cases

                        B7.2   Description of preventive measures and whistle-blowing    3.2 Compliance Operation
                               procedures, how they are implemented and monitored            Anti-corruption

                        General Disclosure                                               8 Community Dedication
      B8:
      Community         B8.1   Focus areas of contribution                               8 Community Dedication
      Investment
                        B8.2   Resources contributed to the focus area                   8 Community Dedication




89   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                                     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                                                                 (CONTINUED)




Appendix 2 CMS Environmental KPIs1

                            KPIs                                          Unit                  Year 2017                Year 2018                Year 2019

    Air pollutant2

    Sulfur Dioxide (SO2)                                                   Kg                     1,981.2                    237.1                    35.5

    Nitrogen Oxide (NOx)                                                   Kg                     5,390.6                  2,350.4                  1,612.6

    Particulate Matter (PM)                                                Kg                       392.3                    354.7                   245.5

    Wastewater and Pollutant

    Wastewater3                                                            m3                     83,689.5                86,539.4                 57,536.7

    Wastewater intensity                                          m3/million RMB                    15.00                    14.11                    8.34

    Ammonia Nitrogen (NH3-N)                                               Ton               Non-disclosure                    0.1                     0.1

    Chemical Oxygen Demand (COD)                                           Ton               Non-disclosure                    0.9                     1.1

    GHG

    Total GHG emission (Scope 1+2)                                    Ton CO2e                    10,918.4                 9,809.8                  9,806.3

                                                                 Ton CO2e/million
    Total GHG emission intensity                                                                     1.96                     1.60                    1.42
                                                                      RMB

           Direct GHG emission (Scope 1)                              Ton CO2e                    7,157.3                  5,566.7                  5,854.1

           Indirect GHG emission (Scope 2)                            Ton CO2e                    3,761.1                  4,243.1                  3,952.2

    Solid Waste

    Hazardous waste                                                        Ton                        0.3                      0.2                     0.2

    Hazardous waste intensity                                     Ton/million RMB                 0.00005                  0.00003                 0.00003

    Non-hazardous waste                                                    Ton                      123.3                  1,782.0                  1,676.8

    Non-hazardous waste intensity                                 Ton/million RMB                    0.02                     0.29                    0.24




1
    All the intensity data of environmental indicators in 2017-2019 were calculated as per sales revenue, shown as following: total emissions and usage amount
  divided by sales revenue (million RMB) after excluding the “two-invoice system” in the Reporting Period.
2
  During the Reporting Period, the Group’s subsidiaries effectively controlled the utilization of natural gas and further enhanced the quality of alcohol-based liquid
  fuel, which led to the reduction of air pollutants.
3
  During the Reporting Period, the Group further strengthened wastewater management. Kangzhe Hunan installed wastewater flow meter to accurately record
  the amount of wastewater, which was discharged after treated by self-built sewage station. Besides, the wastewater data of the Reporting Period no longer
  included the estimated amount of clean water, such as steam or condensate water, which caused a significant reduction compared with the previous year.


                                                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED                        90
                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2019
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




     Appendix 2 CMS Environmental KPIs -continued

                                  KPIs                                        Unit                  Year 2017      Year 2018             Year 2019

         Energy

         Conversion of electricity for comprehensive
                                                                              kWh                Non-disclosure   29,758,236.2         30,443,173.8
         energy consumption
         Conversion of electricity for comprehensive
                                                                      kWh/million RMB            Non-disclosure     4,850.96              4,413.85
         energy consumption intensity

                Outsourced electricity                                        kWh                  6,462,835.1    7,079,280.2           7,010,258.4

                Natural gas                                                     m3                  651,197.0      954,116.0             875,788.0

                Alcohol-based liquid fuel                                      Ton                    2,493.7        1,842.8               2,095.3

                Gasoline                                                      Liter                  82,756.6       77,640.0              80,272.9

                Diesel oil                                                    Liter                   3,896.0        3,111.6               1,616.9

                Liquefied gas                                                  Kg                Non-disclosure       480.0                 480.0

         Water Resource4

         Total water consumption                                                m3                  133,140.3      148,634.2             204,687.8

         Total water consumption intensity                             m3/million RMB                  23.87          24.23                 29.68

         Packaging Materials

         Total packaging material                                              Ton                     451.8          544.1                 659.3

         Total packaging material intensity                           Ton/million RMB                   0.08           0.09                  0.10




     4
         During the Reporting Period, the Group’s subsidiaries washed the factory roads, and Kangzhe Hunan consumed larger amount of water during the trial
         operation of sewage station expansion, which led to a significant increase in water consumption.


91   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                                       Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                                                                  (CONTINUED)




Appendix 3 CMS Social KPIs

                                              KPIs                                                     Unit              Year 2018                Year 2019

    Employment

    Total employees                                                                                  Person           Non-disclosure                 4,052

            Number of male employees                                                                 Person           Non-disclosure                 1,903

            Number of female employees                                                               Person           Non-disclosure                 2,149

            Number of contracted employees                                                           Person           Non-disclosure                 4,052

            Number of dispatched employees                                                           Person           Non-disclosure                     0

            Number of employees aged under 30                                                        Person           Non-disclosure                 2,150

            Number of employees aged 30-50                                                           Person           Non-disclosure                 1,782

            Number of employees aged over 50                                                         Person           Non-disclosure                   120

    Employee Turnover

    Turnover rate of employees                                                                           %            Non-disclosure                  18.6

            Turnover rate of male employees                                                              %            Non-disclosure                  19.9

            Turnover rate of female employees                                                            %            Non-disclosure                  17.3

            Turnover rate of employees aged under 30                                                     %            Non-disclosure                  20.1

            Turnover rate of employees aged 30-50                                                        %            Non-disclosure                  17.4

            Turnover rate of employees aged over 50                                                      %            Non-disclosure                   5.5

    Occupational Health and Safety

    Number of work-related fatalities                                                                Person                     0                        0

    Proportion of work-related fatalities                                                                %                      0                        0

    Working days lost due to work-related injury5                                                       Day           Non-disclosure                   338

    Proportion of employees with occupational health checks                                              %                    100                      100




5
    During the Reporting period, the Group’s work-related injuries were caused by traffic accident on the way to work, machine collision or accidental fall.



                                                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED                92
                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2019
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




     Appendix 3 CMS Social KPIs-continued

                                     KPIs                                 Unit         Year 2018      Year 2019

      Training and Development

      Total employees training expenditure                             Million RMB   Non-disclosure      2.9

      Coverage of employees training                                       %              100           83.0

            Training coverage of general employees                         %         Non-disclosure     83.4

            Training coverage of senior management                         %         Non-disclosure     35.3

      Employees training duration per capita                             Hours       Non-disclosure     34.1

            Training duration per capita for general employees           Hours       Non-disclosure     34.4

            Training duration per capita for senior management           Hours       Non-disclosure      3.2

      Supplier Management

      Total number of suppliers                                         Number            87            101

            Mainland suppliers                                          Number            75             81

            HK SAR, Macao SAR, TWN and overseas suppliers               Number            12             20

      Quality and Safety of Products and Services

      Response and handling rate for product and service quality
                                                                           %              100           100
      related complaints
      Percentage of sold and delivered product recalls due to safety
                                                                           %               0             0
      and health problems

      Number of product and service quality related complaints          Number       Non-disclosure     150

      Anti-corruption

      Corruption lawsuits                                               Number             0             0

      Participation in Public Service Activities

      Total donation amount for public service activities              Million RMB        0.2            0.2




93   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                      iNDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF
CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
康哲藥業控股有限公司
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


Opinion

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of China Medical System Holdings Limited (the “Company”)
and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as “the Group”) set out on pages 100 to 204, which comprise the
consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2019, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss
and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash
flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant
accounting policies.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position
of the Group as at 31 December 2019, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash
flows for the year then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) issued by the
International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure
requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


Basis for Opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the Hong Kong
Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described
in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are
independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”),
and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence
we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


Key Audit Matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit
of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a
separate opinion on these matters.




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         94
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2019
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED - continued
     康哲藥業控股有限公司
     (incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


     Key Audit Matters - continued

      Key audit matter                                             How our audit addressed the key audit matter

      Impairment of Goodwill


      We identified the impairment of goodwill allocated           Our procedures in relation to the impairment of
      to a cash generating unit of T ianjin Kangzhe                goodwill included:
      Pharmaceutical Technology Development Co., Ltd.
                                                                   •   Making inquiries with management on their
      (“Tianjin Kangzhe”) as a key audit matter due to the
                                                                       bases and assumptions used in relation to the
      involvement of significant judgment of the management
                                                                       preparation of the value in use calculation;
      in determining the impairment of goodwill.
                                                                   •   Checking the mathematical accuracy of the value
      The impairment of goodwill allocated to a cash
                                                                       in use calculation;
      generating unit of Tianjin Kangzhe is determined based
      on the higher of fair value less costs to sell and value     •   Evaluating the reasonableness of the key
      in use of the cash generating units, which is based              assumptions including growth rates, discount
      on the cash flow forecasts prepared by management.               rate and the forecast performance used by the
      The impairment model is sensitive to changes in the              management with reference to the historical
      key assumptions including growth rates, discount                 performance;
      rates and the forecast performance based on
      management’s view of future business prospects.              •   Checking the inputs used in the cash flow
                                                                       forecast against supporting documentation;
      As at 31 December 2019, the carrying value of
      goodwill allocated to a cash generating unit of Tianjin      •   Evaluating the sensitivity analysis prepared by the
      Kangzhe was RMB1,160 million. Details relating to                management on discount rate and growth rates
      the Group’s goodwill and key sources of estimation               to assess the extent of impact on the value in use
      uncertainty are set out in Note 19 and Note 4 to the             calculation;
      consolidated financial statements.
                                                                   •   Evaluating the independent professional external
                                                                       valuer’s competence, capabilities and objectivity;
                                                                       and

                                                                   •   Involving our internal valuation specialists
                                                                       to assess the appropriateness of valuation
                                                                       methodology and discount rate adopted.




95   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                                         INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
                                                                                                       (CONTINUED)




TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED - continued
康哲藥業控股有限公司
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


Key Audit Matters - continued

 Key audit matter                                             How our audit addressed the key audit matter

 Impairment of Interest in an Associate

 We identified the impairment of interest in Tibet            Our procedures in relation to the impairment of
 Rhodiola Pharmaceutical Holding Company (“Tibet              interest in an associate included:
 Pharmaceutical”), an associate of the Group as a
                                                              •   Obtaining an understanding of the management’s
 key audit matter due to the involvement of significant
                                                                  bases and assumptions used in relation to
 judgment of the management in determining the
                                                                  the preparation of the value in use calculation
 impairment of interest in Tibet Pharmaceutical and its
                                                                  reviewed by an independent professional external
 significance to the consolidated financial statements.
                                                                  valuer;

 The impairment of interest in Tibet Pharmaceutical           •   Checking the mathematical accuracy of the value
 is determined based on the higher of fair value less             in use calculation;
 costs of disposal and value in use, which is based
                                                              •   Assessing the reasonableness of key inputs and
 on the estimate of the present value of the estimated
                                                                  assumptions used by management in estimations
 cash flows expected to arise from the proceeds from
                                                                  of value in use, including growth rates, discount
 the ultimate disposal of the investment prepared by
                                                                  rate and the forecast performance used by the
 the management. The impairment model is sensitive
                                                                  management with reference to the historical
 to changes in the key assumptions including growth
                                                                  performance;
 rates, discount rate and forecast performance,
 based on the management’s view of future business            •   Checking the inputs used in the cash flow
 prospects.                                                       forecast against supporting documentations;

                                                              •   Evaluating the sensitivity analysis prepared by the
 As at 31 December 2019, the carrying value of
                                                                  management on discount rate and growth rates
 the Group’s interest in Tibet Pharmaceutical was
                                                                  to assess the extent of impact on the value in use
 RMB2,590 million. Details relating to the Group’s
                                                                  calculation;
 interest in Tibet Pharmaceutical and key sources of
 estimation uncertainty are set out in Note 17 and Note       •   Evaluating the independent professional external
 4 to the consolidated financial statements.                      valuer’s competence, capabilities and objectivity;
                                                                  and

                                                              •   Involving our internal valuation specialists
                                                                  to assess the appropriateness of valuation
                                                                  methodology and discount rate adopted.




                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        96
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2019
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED - continued
     康哲藥業控股有限公司
     (incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


     Other Information

     The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
     information included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s
     report thereon.

     Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any
     form of assurance conclusion thereon.

     In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information
     and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial
     statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the
     work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required
     to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


     Responsibilities of Directors and Those Charged with Governance for the Consolidated
     Financial Statements

     The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give
     a true and fair view in accordance with IFRSs issued by the IASB and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
     Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation
     of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

     In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
     continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
     basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic
     alternative but to do so.

     Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.


     Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements

     Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
     are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
     opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We
     do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable
     assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will
     always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered
     material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of
     users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

97   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                                                INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
                                                                                                               (CONTINUED)




TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OFCHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED - continued
康哲藥業控股有限公司
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements - continued

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional
skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

•      Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
       fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is
       sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement
       resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional
       omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

•      Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
       appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
       Group’s internal control.

•      Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
       related disclosures made by the directors.

•      Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based
       on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may
       cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material
       uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the
       consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions
       are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or
       conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

•      Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including
       the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and
       events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

•      Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business
       activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible
       for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit
       opinion.

We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing
of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during
our audit.




                                                                                 CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED            98
                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2019
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED - continued
     康哲藥業控股有限公司
     (incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


     Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements - continued

     We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
     requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may
     reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.

     From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most
     significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit
     matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about
     the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our
     report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest
     benefits of such communication.

     The engagement partner on the audit resulting in the independent auditor’s report is Gladys Fung Suet Ngan.




     Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
     Certified Public Accountants
     Hong Kong
     31 March 2020




99   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2019
            Consolidated Statement of Profit or
          Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
                                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019



                                                        NOTES               2019              2018
                                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000

Revenue                                                   5              6,073,624         5,433,449
Cost of goods sold                                                      (1,527,308)       (1,516,575)
Gross profit                                                             4,546,316         3,916,874
Other gains and losses                                    6                  73,801             (5,611)
Selling expenses                                                        (1,939,167)       (1,672,595)
Administrative expenses                                                   (251,290)         (243,265)
Finance costs                                             7                 (56,255)          (71,885)
Share of results of associates                                             114,293             82,856
Profit before tax                                                       2,487,698         2,006,374
Income tax expense                                       10              (532,004)         (161,776)
Profit for the year                                      11             1,955,694         1,844,598
Item that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
  Fair value loss on equity instruments at fair value
    through other comprehensive income                                     (14,523)          (14,065)
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to
  profit or loss:
  Share of other comprehensive income
    of associates                                                            8,865            23,168
  Exchange differences arising from translation of
    foreign operations                                                        (629)              211
  Change in fair value on cash flow hedges
   - fair value (loss) gain                                                (16,286)            4,121
   - deferred tax relating to change in fair value                           2,687              (680)
Other comprehensive (expense) income
 for the year, net of income tax                                           (19,886)           12,755

Total comprehensive income for the year                                 1,935,808         1,857,353
Profit (loss) for the year attributable to:
 Owners of the Company                                                  1,960,712         1,849,883
 Non-controlling interests                                                  (5,018)           (5,285)

                                                                        1,955,694         1,844,598
Total comprehensive income (expense)
 for the year attributable to:
 Owners of the Company                                                  1,940,826         1,862,638
 Non-controlling interests                                                  (5,018)           (5,285)
                                                                        1,935,808         1,857,353


                                                                             RMB                RMB
Earnings per share                                       13
 Basic                                                                     0.7905             0.7441




                                                                CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED     100
                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2019
      Consolidated Statement of
      Financial Position
      AT 31 DECEMBER 2019



                                                              NOTES      2019        2018
                                                                      RMB’000     RMB’000
      Non-current assets
       Property, plant and equipment                           14       472,901     478,268
       Right-of-use assets                                     15        64,986           -
       Prepaid lease payments                                  16             -      61,667
       Interests in associates                                 17     2,590,159   2,491,478
       Intangible assets                                       18     2,459,128   2,554,075
       Goodwill                                                19     1,384,535   1,384,535
       Equity instruments at fair value through
         other comprehensive income                           20(b)    269,704     241,232
       Deposits paid for acquisition of intangible assets      23      325,126      95,262
       Amount due from an associate                            24       31,816      31,816
       Derivative financial instruments                        32            -      32,866
       Deferred tax assets                                     31       20,298      20,712
                                                                      7,618,653   7,391,911
      Current assets
       Inventories                                             21       407,058     434,661
       Financial asset at fair value through profit or loss   20(a)       2,736           -
       Trade and other receivables and prepayments             22     1,585,724   1,718,754
       Tax recoverable                                                   10,801       8,296
       Derivative financial instruments                        32        28,192           -
       Amount due from an associate                            24       152,804     137,749
       Bank balances and cash                                  25     1,365,008     815,081
                                                                      3,552,323   3,114,541
      Current liabilities
       Trade and other payables                                26      372,796     382,215
       Lease liabilities                                       27        9,388           -
       Contract liabilities                                    28       12,939       5,469
       Bank borrowings                                         29      693,909      25,000
       Derivative financial instruments                        32          142           -
       Deferred consideration payables                         30       10,744       8,847
       Tax payable                                                     447,784     129,314
                                                                      1,547,702    550,845
      Net current assets                                              2,004,621   2,563,696
      Total assets less current liabilities                           9,623,274   9,955,607
      Capital and reserves
       Share capital                                           33        84,963      84,963
       Reserves                                                34     9,387,898   8,270,823
      Equity attributable to owners of the Company                    9,472,861   8,355,786
      Non-controlling interests                                          43,271      48,289
                                                                      9,516,132   8,404,075




101   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                                  (CONTINUED)
                                                                                             AT 31 December 2019




                                                               NOTES                 2019               2018
                                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000
Non-current liabilities
 Deferred tax liabilities                                         31                91,552             101,411
 Lease liabilities                                                27                10,491                   -
 Deferred consideration payables                                  30                 5,099               9,926
 Bank borrowings                                                  29                     -           1,440,195
                                                                                   107,142           1,551,532
                                                                                 9,623,274           9,955,607




The consolidated financial statements on pages 100 to 204 were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of
Directors on 31 March 2020 and are signed on its behalf by:




                         LAM Kong                                      CHEN Yanling
                         DIRECTOR	                                      DIRECTOR




                                                                        CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED      102
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2019
      Consolidated Statement of
      Changes in Equity
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019



                                                                                            Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                                                                                                                                Attributable
                                                                                        Surplus                                   Investments                                                     to non-
                                            Share          Share         Capital        reserve       Translation   Hedging        revaluation    Accumulated    Dividend                       controlling
                                            capital       premium        reserve          fund          reserve     reserve          reserve         profits     reserve        Sub-total        interests       Total
                                           RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                                        (Note 34)      (Note 34)


      Balance at 1 January 2018              85,200       2,444,296       19,545        233,270         (14,047)      10,039           (3,271)     4,153,177      346,474       7,274,683           53,574     7,328,257

      Profit (loss) for the year                      -           -                -              -            -              -              -    1,849,883                 -   1,849,883            (5,285) 1,844,598
      Share of other comprehensive
       income of associates                           -           -                -              -     23,168                -              -             -                -     23,168                   -     23,168
      Exchange differences arising from
       translation of foreign operations              -           -                -              -         211               -              -             -                -         211                  -         211
      Fair value loss on equity
       instruments at fair value through
       other comprehensive income                     -           -                -              -            -              -       (14,065)             -                -     (14,065)                 -     (14,065)
      Change in fair value on cash flow
       hedges
       - fair value gain                              -           -                -              -            -       4,121                 -             -                -      4,121                   -      4,121
       - deferred tax relating to change
         in fair value                                -             -              -              -            -         (680)               -              -               -        (680)                 -        (680)

      Total comprehensive income
       (expense) for the year                         -           -                -              -     23,379         3,441          (14,065) 1,849,883                    -   1,862,638            (5,285) 1,857,353
      Repurchase of ordinary shares             (237)       (52,783)               -              -            -              -              -             -                -     (53,020)                 -     (53,020)
      Dividends paid (Note 12)                        -           -                -              -            -              -              -      (382,041)    (346,474)       (728,515)                 -    (728,515)
      Dividends proposed (Note 12)                    -           -                -              -            -              -              -      (355,691)    355,691                    -              -             -
      Transfer of reserves                            -             -              -     97,701                -              -              -        (97,701)              -               -              -             -

      Balance at 31 December 2018            84,963       2,391,513       19,545        330,971           9,332       13,480           (17,336)    5,167,627      355,691       8,355,786           48,289     8,404,075

      Profit (loss) for the year                      -           -                -              -            -              -              -    1,960,712                     1,960,712            (5,018) 1,955,694
      Share of other comprehensive
       income of associates                           -           -                -              -       8,865               -              -             -                -      8,865                   -      8,865
      Exchange differences arising from
       translation of foreign operations              -           -                -              -         (629)             -              -             -                -         (629)                -         (629)
      Fair value loss on equity
       instruments at fair value through
       other comprehensive income                     -           -                -              -            -              -       (14,523)             -                -     (14,523)                 -     (14,523)
      Change in fair value on cash flow
       hedges
       - fair value loss                              -           -                -              -            -      (16,286)               -             -                -     (16,286)                 -     (16,286)
       - deferred tax relating to change
         in fair value                                -             -              -              -            -       2,687                 -              -               -       2,687                  -       2,687

      Total comprehensive income
       (expense) for the year                         -           -                -              -       8,236       (13,599)        (14,523) 1,960,712                    -   1,940,826            (5,018) 1,935,808
      Dividends paid (Note 12)                        -           -                -              -            -              -              -      (467,061)    (355,691)       (822,752)                 -    (822,752)
      Dividends proposed (Note 12)                    -           -                -              -            -              -              -      (315,260)    315,260                    -              -             -
      Transfer of reserves                            -           -                -     25,481                -              -              -       (25,481)               -               -              -             -
      Release of surplus reserve fund on
       deregistration of a subsidiary                 -             -              -        (999)              -              -              -              -               -         (999)                -         (999)

      Balance at 31 December 2019            84,963       2,391,513       19,545        355,453          17,568          (119)        (31,859)     6,320,537      315,260       9,472,861           43,271     9,516,132




103   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                         Consolidated Statement of
                                                       Cash Flows
                                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




                                                     NOTES               2019              2018
                                                                      RMB’000           RMB’000
OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Profit before tax                                                    2,487,698         2,006,374
Adjustments for:
 Amortisation of intangible assets                    18               162,317           166,251
 Impairment loss on intangible assets                                    4,730                 -
 Impairment loss on deposit paid for
   acquisition of intangible assets                                        963                 -
 Interest expenses                                                      55,176            70,029
 Depreciation of property, plant and equipment        14                32,181            32,743
 Depreciation of right-of-use assets                  15                 9,557                 -
 Written off for inventories                                             2,948            34,471
 Loss on disposal of property, plant and
   equipment                                                              9,122             1,697
 Gain on disposal of right-of-use assets                                 (6,268)                -
 Release of prepaid lease payments                                            -             1,745
 Release on deferred difference on initial
   recognition of financial instruments                                  (1,929)                 -
 Imputed interest expense on deferred
   consideration payables                                                 1,079             1,856
 Share of results of associates                                       (114,293)           (82,856)
 Interest income                                                        (41,998)          (26,076)
 Net foreign exchange loss                                               30,276            53,113
 Change in fair value of derivative financial
   instruments                                                           (8,904)          (16,722)

Operating cash flows before movements in
  working capital                                                    2,622,655         2,242,625
Decrease (increase) in inventories                                      24,655            (51,263)
Decrease (increase) in trade and other receivables
  and prepayments                                                      148,569           (230,909)
Increase in amount due from an associate                                (15,055)           (18,542)
Decrease in trade and other payables                                      (9,419)          (75,622)
Increase (decrease) in contract liabilities                                7,470              (988)

Cash generated from operations                                       2,778,875         1,865,301
People’s Republic of China (“PRC”) Enterprise
 Income Tax paid                                                      (222,511)          (107,688)
Hong Kong Profits Tax and other tax paid                                 (1,245)            (3,048)

Net cash from operating activities                                   2,555,119         1,754,565




                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED    104
                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2019
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




                                                                          NOTES       2019           2018
                                                                                   RMB’000        RMB’000
      INVESTING ACTIVITIES
      Interest received                                                               41,998         26,076
      Dividends received from an associate                                            24,477         26,933
      Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                      (37,546)       (33,855)
      Payment for right-of-use assets/leasehold lands                                      -          (4,997)
      Proceeds from disposal of property, plant
        and equipment                                                                  1,610            227
      Proceeds from disposal of right-of-use asset                                   22,929               -
      Purchase of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss               (2,736)             -
      Purchase of equity instruments at fair value through other
        other comprehensive income                                                   (39,774)     (230,953)
      Payments for rental deposits                                                     (1,339)           -
      Deposits for acquisition of intangible assets                                (302,927)       (23,120)
      Net cash outflow on disposal of a subsidiary                         44        (16,078)            -

      NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES                                        (309,386)      (239,689)

      FINANCING ACTIVITIES
      New bank borrowings raised                                                            -        25,000
      Repayment of deferred consideration payables                                     (7,834)        (9,807)
      Interest paid                                                                  (55,176)       (70,029)
      Dividends paid                                                       12      (822,752)      (728,515)
      Repayment of bank borrowings                                                 (801,595)      (717,940)
      Repayments of lease liabilities                                                  (7,780)             -
      Payment on repurchase of shares                                                       -       (53,020)

      NET CASH USED IN FINANCING ACTIVITIES                                       (1,695,137)    (1,554,311)

      NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND
       CASH EQUIVALENTS                                                             550,596         (39,435)

      CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENT AT THE
       BEGINNING OF YEAR                                                            815,081        855,629
      Effects of exchange rate changes on the balance
       of cash held in foreign currencies                                               (669)        (1,113)

      CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENT AT THE END
       OF YEAR REPRESENTED BY BANK
       BALANCES AND CASH                                                          1,365,008        815,081




105   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
                                     STATEMENTS
                                                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




1.    GENERAL
        China Medical System Holdings Limited (the “Company”) was incorporated as an exempted company with
        limited liability in the Cayman Islands on 18 December 2006. On 26 June 2007, the Company was listed
        on the Alternative Investment Market (“AIM”) operated by the London Stock Exchange plc. The Company
        was listed on the Main Board operated by The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited on 28 September
        2010 and it was delisted from the AIM on the same date. The Company’s ultimate holding company and
        immediate holding company is Treasure Sea Limited, a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands.
        The address of the Company’s registered office is P.O. Box 309, Ugland House, Grand Cayman, KY1-1104,
        Cayman Islands. The address of its principal place of business is Unit 2106, 21/F, Island Place Tower, 510
        King’s Road, North Point, Hong Kong.

	The Company is an investment holding company. The principal activities of its subsidiaries are production of
  medicines, marketing, promotion and sale of drugs.

	The consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), which is also the functional
  currency of the Company and majority of its subsidiaries.


2.    APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL
      FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”)

      New and Amendments to IFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year

      The Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) has applied the following new and
      amendments to IFRSs issued by the International Accountin g Standards Board (“IASB”) for the first time in the
      current year:


      IFRS 16                                         Leases
      IFRIC 23                                        Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments
      Amendments to IFRS 9                            Prepayment Features with Negative Compensation
      Amendments to IAS 19                            Plan Amendment, Curtailment or Settlement
      Amendments to IAS 28                            Long-term Interests in Associates and Joint Ventures
      Amendments to IFRSs                             Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards
                                                       2015 - 2017 Cycle



      Except as described below, the application of the new and amendments to IFRSs in the current year has had
      no material impact on the Group’s financial positions and performance for the current and prior years and/or on
      the disclosures set out in these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        106
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2019
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




      2.    APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL
            FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”) - continued

            New and Amendments to IFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year
            - continued

            2.1   IFRS 16 Leases

                  The Group has applied IFRS 16 for the first time in the current year. IFRS 16 superseded IAS 17 Leases
                  (“IAS 17”), and the related interpretations.

                  Definition of lease

                  The Group has elected the practical expedient to apply IFRS 16 to contracts that were previously
                  identified as leases applying IAS 17 and IFRIC 4 Determining whether an Arrangement contains a
                  Lease and not apply this standard to contracts that were not previously identified as containing a lease.
                  Therefore, the Group has not reassessed contracts which already existed prior to the date of initial
                  application.

                  For contracts entered into or modified on or after 1 January 2019, the Group applies the definition of a
                  lease in accordance with the requirements set out in IFRS 16 in assessing whether a contract contains a
                  lease.

                  As a lessee

                  The Group has applied IFRS 16 retrospectively with the cumulative effect recognised at the date of initial
                  application, 1 January 2019.

                  As at 1 January 2019, the Group recognised additional lease liabilities and right-of-use assets at
                  amounts equal to the related lease liabilities by applying IFRS 16.C8(b)(ii) transition. Any difference at the
                  date of initial application is recognised in the opening accumulated profits and comparative information
                  has not been restated.

                  When applying the modified retrospective approach under IFRS 16 at transition, the Group applied the
                  following practical expedients to leases previously classified as operating leases under IAS 17, on lease-
                  by-lease basis, to the extent relevant to the respective lease contracts:

                  •      elected not to recognise right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for leases with lease term ends
                         within 12 months of the date of initial application; and
                  •      excluded initial direct costs from measuring the right-of-use assets at the date of initial
                         application.




107   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                      (CONTINUED)
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




2.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL
     FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”) - continued

     New and Amendments to IFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year
     - continued

     2.1   IFRS 16 Leases - continued

           As a lessee - continued
           When recognising the lease liabilities for leases previously classified as operating leases, the Group has
           applied incremental borrowing rates of the relevant group entities at the date of initial application. The
           weighted average incremental borrowing rate applied is 4.75%.

                                                                                                         At
                                                                                                     1 January
                                                                                                       2019
                                                                                                     RMB’000

           Operating lease commitments disclosed
            as at 31 December 2018                                                                           10,441
           Lease liabilities discounted at relevant incremental
            borrowing rates                                                                                   9,891
           Practical expedient - leases with lease term ending within
            12 months from the date of initial application                                                       (392)
           Lease liabilities relating to operating leases recognised
            upon application of IFRS 16                                                                       9,499
           Analysed as
            Current                                                                                           2,535
            Non-current                                                                                       6,964
                                                                                                              9,499


           The carrying amount of right-of-use assets for own use as at 1 January 2019 comprises the following:

                                                                                                    Right-of-use
                                                                                        Note           assets
                                                                                                     RMB’000

           Right-of-use assets relating to operating
            leases recognised upon application of IFRS 16                                                     9,499
           Reclassified from prepaid lease payments                                      (a)                 63,545
                                                                                                             73,044


           (a)   Upfront payments for leasehold lands in the PRC were classified as prepaid lease payments as at
                 31 December 2018. Upon application of IFRS 16, the current and non-current portion of prepaid
                 lease payments amounting to RMB1,878,000 and RMB61,667,000 were reclassified to right-of-
                 use assets.


                                                                          CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          108
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2019
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




      2.    APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL
            FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”) - continued

            New and Amendments to IFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year
            - continued

            2.1   IFRS 16 Leases - continued

                  As a lessee - continued

                  The following adjustments were made to the amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of
                  financial position at 1 January 2019. Line items that were not affected by the changes have not been
                  included.


                                                                              Carrying                       Carrying
                                                                             amounts                        amounts
                                                                             previously                       under
                                                                            reported at                    IFRS 16 at
                                                                           31 December                      1 January
                                                                               2018     Adjustments           2019
                                                                             RMB’000     RMB’000            RMB’000

                    Non-current assets
                    Prepaid lease payments (Note 16)                             61,667        (61,667)             -
                    Right-of-use assets                                               -         73,044         73,044

                    Current asset
                    Prepaid lease payments (included in
                     trade and other receivables) (Note 16)                       1,878          (1,878)                -

                    Current liability
                    Lease liabilities                                                  -         (2,535)        (2,535)

                    Non-current liability
                    Lease liabilities                                                  -         (6,964)        (6,964)


                  Note:	For the purpose of reporting cash flows from operating activities under indirect method for the
                        year ended 31 December 2019, movements in working capital have been computed based on
                        opening consolidated statement of financial position as at 1 January 2019 as disclosed above.




109   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                       (CONTINUED)
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




2.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL
     FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”) - continued

     New and Amendments to IFRSs in issue but not yet effective

     The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to IFRSs and IASs and Interpretation that
     have been issued but are not yet effective:

     IFRS 17                                                Insurance Contracts1
     Amendments to IFRS 3                                   Definition of a Business2
     Amendments to IFRS 10                                  Sale or Contribution of Assets between an
       and IAS 28                                             Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture3
     Amendments to IAS 1                                    Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current5
     Amendments to IAS 1                                    Definition of Material4
       and IAS 8
     Amendments to IFRS 9,                                  Interest Rate Benchmark Reform4
       IAS 39 and IFRS 7

     1
      	Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2021
     2
      	Effective for business combinations and asset acquisitions for which the acquisition date is on or after the
       beginning of the first annual period beginning on or after 1 January 2020
     3
      	Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined
     4
      	Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2020
     5
       Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022

     In addition to the above new and amendments to IFRSs, a revised Conceptual Framework for Financial
     Reporting was issued in 2018. Its consequential amendments, the Amendments to References to the
     Conceptual Framework in IFRS Standards, will be effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January
     2020.

     Except for the amendments to IFRSs and the revised Conceptual Framework mentioned below, the directors
     of the Company anticipate that the application of all other new and amendments to IFRSs will have no material
     impact on the consolidated financial statements in the foreseeable future.




                                                                          CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        110
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2019
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




      2.    APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL
            FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”) - continued

            New and Amendments to IFRSs in issue but not yet effective - continued

            Amendments to IAS 1 and IAS 8 Definition of Material

            The amendments provide refinements to the definition of material by including additional guidance and
            explanations in making materiality judgments. In particular, the amendments:

            •     include the concept of “obscuring” material information in which the effect is similar to omitting or
                  misstating the information;
            •     replace threshold for materiality influencing users from “could influence” to “could reasonably be
                  expected to influence”; and
            •     include the use of the phrase “primary users” rather than simply referring to “users” which was
                  considered too broad when deciding what information to disclose in the financial statements.

            The amendments also align the definition across all IFRSs and will be mandatorily effective for the Group’s
            annual period beginning on 1 January 2020. The application of the amendments is not expected to have
            significant impact on the financial position and performance of the Group but may affect the presentation and
            disclosures in the consolidated financial statements.


            Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting 2018 (the “New Framework”) and the
            Amendments to References to the Conceptual Framework in IFRS Standards

            The New Framework:

            •     reintroduces the terms stewardship and prudence;
            •     introduces a new asset definition that focuses on rights and a new liability definition that is likely to be
                  broader than the definition it replaces, but does not change the distinction between a liability and an
                  equity instrument;
            •     discusses historical cost and current value measures, and provides additional guidance on how to select
                  a measurement basis for a particular asset or liability;
            •     states that the primary measure of financial performance is profit or loss, and that only in exceptional
                  circumstances other comprehensive income will be used and only for income or expenses that arise
                  from a change in the current value of an asset or liability; and
            •     discusses uncertainty, derecognition, unit of account, the reporting entity and combined financial
                  statements.




111   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                         (CONTINUED)
                                                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




2.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL
     FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”) - continued

     New and Amendments to IFRSs in issue but not yet effective - continued

     Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting 2018 (the “New Framework”) and
     the Amendments to References to the Conceptual Framework in IFRS Standards -
     continued

     Consequential amendments have been made so that references in certain IFRSs have been updated to
     the New Framework, whilst some IFRSs are still referred to the previous versions of the framework. These
     amendments are effective for the Group’s annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2020. Other than
     specific standards which still refer to the previous versions of the framework, the Group will rely on the New
     Framework on its effective date in determining the accounting policies especially for transactions, events or
     conditions that are not otherwise dealt with under the accounting standards.


3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
     The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRSs issued by the IASB. In
     addition, the consolidated financial statements include applicable disclosures required by the Rules Governing
     the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“Listing Rules”) and by the Hong Kong
     Companies Ordinance.

     The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for certain
     financial instruments that are measured at fair values at the end of each reporting period, as explained in the
     accounting policies set out below.

     Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for goods and
     services.

     Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
     transaction between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is directly
     observable or estimated using another valuation technique. In estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability,
     the Group takes into account the characteristics of the asset or liability if market participants would take
     those characteristics into account when pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. Fair value for
     measurement and/or disclosure purposes in these consolidated financial statements is determined on such a
     basis, except for share-based payment transactions that are within the scope of IFRS 2 Share-based Payment,
     leasing transactions that are accounted for in accordance with IFRS 16 (since 1 January 2019) or IAS 17
     (before application of IFRS 16) and measurements that have some similarities to fair value but are not fair value,
     such as net realisable value in IAS 2 Inventories or value in use in IAS 36 Impairment of Assets.

     For financial instruments which are transacted at fair value and a valuation technique that unobservable inputs
     is to be used to measure fair value in subsequent periods, the valuation technique is calibrated so that at initial
     recognition the results of the valuation technique equals the transaction price.

                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          112
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2019
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




      3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
            In addition, for financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are categorised into Level 1, 2 or 3 based
            on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable and the significance of the
            inputs to the fair value measurement in its entirety, which are described as follows:

            •      Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the
                   entity can access at the measurement date;
            •      Level 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are observable for the
                   asset or liability, either directly or indirectly; and
            •      Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.

            The principal accounting policies are set out below.

            Basis of consolidation

            The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and entities
            controlled by the Company and its subsidiaries. Control is achieved when the Company:

            •      has power over the investee;
            •      is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and
            •      has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.

            The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are
            changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.

            Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases when the
            Group loses control of the subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses of a subsidiary acquired or disposed
            of during the year are included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income
            from the date the Group gains control until the date when the Group ceases to control the subsidiary.

            Profit or loss and each item of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the Company and
            to the non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income of subsidiaries is attributed to the owners of the
            Company and to the non-controlling interests even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit
            balance.

            When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their accounting
            policies in line with the Group’s accounting policies.

            All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between
            members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

            Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are presented separately from the Group’s equity therein, which
            represent present ownership interests entitling their holders to a proportionate share of net assets of the
            relevant subsidiaries upon liquidation.


113   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                          (CONTINUED)
                                                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
     Business combinations

     Acquisitions of businesses are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred in
     a business combination is measured at fair value, which is calculated as the sum of the acquisition-date fair
     values of the assets transferred by the Group, liabilities incurred by the Group to the former owners of the
     acquiree and the equity interests issued by the Group in exchange for control of the acquiree. Acquisition-
     related costs are generally recognised in profit or loss as incurred.

     At the acquisition date, the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed are recognised at their fair
     value.

     •      Deferred tax assets or liabilities, and assets or liabilities related to employee benefit arrangements are
            recognised and measured in accordance with IAS 12 Income Taxes and IAS 19 Employee Benefits
            respectively;

     •      Liabilities or equity instruments related to share-based payment arrangements of the acquiree or share-
            based payment arrangements of the Group entered into to replace share-based payment arrangements
            of the acquiree are measured in accordance with IFRS 2 Share-based Payment at the acquisition date
            (see the accounting policy below);

     •      Assets (or disposal groups) that are classified as held for sale in accordance with IFRS 5 Non-current
            Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations are measured in accordance with that standard; and

     •      Lease liabilities are recognised and measured at the present value of the remaining lease payments (as
            defined in IFRS 16) as if the acquired leases were new leases at the acquisition date. Right-of-use assets
            are recognised and measured at the same amount as the relevant lease liabilities, adjusted to reflect
            favourable or unfavourable terms of the lease when compared with market terms.

     Goodwill is measured as the excess of the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-
     controlling interests in the acquiree, and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held equity interest in the
     acquiree (if any) over the net amount of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed as at
     acquisition date. If, after re-assessment, the net amount of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities
     assumed exceeds the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interests in
     the acquiree and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held interest in the acquiree (if any), the excess is
     recognised immediately in profit or loss as a bargain purchase gain.

     Non-controlling interests that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a proportionate share
     of the relevant subsidiary’s net assets in the event of liquidation are initially measured at the non-controlling
     interests’ proportionate share of the recognised amounts of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets or at fair value.




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          114
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2019
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




      3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

            Goodwill

            Goodwill arising on an acquisition of a business is carried at cost as established at the date of acquisition of the
            business less accumulated impairment losses, if any.

            For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group’s cash-generating units
            (or group of cash-generating units) that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination, which
            represent the lowest level at which the goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes and not larger
            than an operating segment.

            A cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for
            impairment annually or more frequently when there is indication that the unit may be impaired. For goodwill
            arising on an acquisition in a reporting period, the cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units)
            to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment before the end of that reporting period. If the
            recoverable amount is less than its carrying amount, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying
            amount of any goodwill and then to the other assets on a pro rata basis based on the carrying amount of each
            asset in the unit (or group of cash-generating units).

            The Group’s policy for goodwill arising on the acquisition of an associate is described below.

            Interests in associates

            An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence. Significant influence is the power to
            participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but is not control or joint control over
            those policies.




115   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                           (CONTINUED)
                                                                                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
     Interests in associates - continued

     The results and assets and liabilities of associates are incorporated in these consolidated financial statements
     using the equity method of accounting. The financial statements of associates used for equity accounting
     purposes are prepared using uniform accounting policies as those of the Group for like transactions and events
     in similar circumstances. Under the equity method, an investment in an associate is initially recognised in the
     consolidated statement of financial position at cost and adjusted thereafter to recognise the Group’s share of
     the profit or loss and other comprehensive income of the associate. Changes in net assets of the associate
     other than profit or loss and other comprehensive income are not accounted for unless such changes resulted
     in changes in ownership interest held by the Group. When the Group’s share of losses of an associate exceeds
     the Group’s interest in that associate (which includes any long-term interests that, in substance, form part of
     the Group’s net investment in the associate), the Group discontinues recognising its share of further losses.
     Additional losses are recognised only to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive obligations
     or made payments on behalf of the associate.

     An interest in an associate is accounted for using the equity method from the date on which the investee
     becomes an associate. On acquisition of the interest in an associate, any excess of the cost of the investment
     over the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities of the investee is recognised
     as goodwill, which is included within the carrying amount of the investment. Any excess of the Group’s share
     of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities over the cost of the investment, after reassessment,
     is recognised immediately in profit or loss in the period in which the investment is acquired.

     The Group assesses whether there is an objective evidence that the interest in an associate may be impaired.
     When any objective evidence exists, the entire carrying amount of the investment (including goodwill) is tested
     for impairment in accordance with IAS 36 Impairment of Assets as a single asset by comparing its recoverable
     amount (higher of value in use and fair value less costs of disposal) with its carrying amount. Any impairment
     loss recognised is not allocated to any asset, including goodwill, that forms part of the carrying amount of the
     investment. Any reversal of that impairment loss is recognised in accordance with IAS 36 to the extent that the
     recoverable amount of the investment subsequently increases.

     When a group entity transacts with an associate of the Group, profits and losses resulting from the transactions
     with the associate are recognised in the Group’s consolidated financial statements only to the extent of interests
     in the associate that are not related to the Group.




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           116
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2019
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




      3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
            Property, plant and equipment

            Property, plant and equipment including buildings are tangible assets that are held for use in the production
            or supply of goods or services, or for administrative purposes (other than properties under construction as
            described below). Property, plant and equipment are stated in the consolidated statement of financial position
            at cost, less subsequent accumulated depreciation and subsequent accumulated impairment losses, if any.

            Properties in the course of construction for production, supply or administrative purposes are carried at cost,
            less any recognised impairment loss. Costs include any costs directly attributable to bringing the asset to the
            location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by management.
            Depreciation of these assets, on the same basis as other property assets, commences when the assets are
            ready for their intended use.

            Ownership interests in Leasehold land and building

            When the Group makes payments for ownership interests of properties which includes both leasehold land and
            building elements, the entire consideration is allocated between the leasehold land and the building elements in
            proportion to the relative fair values at initial recognition.

            To the extent the allocation of the relevant payments can be made reliably, interest in leasehold land is
            presented as “right-of-use assets” (upon application of IFRS 16) or “prepaid lease payments” (before
            application of IFRS 16) in the consolidated statement of financial position except for those that are classified
            and accounted for as investment properties under the fair value model. When the consideration cannot be
            allocated reliably between non-lease building element and undivided interest in the underlying leasehold land,
            the entire properties are classified as property, plant and equipment.

            Depreciation is recognised so as to write off the cost of assets (other than construction in progress) less their
            residual values over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line method. The estimated useful lives,
            residual values and depreciation method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any
            changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.

            An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits
            are expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss arising on the disposal or retirement
            of an item of property, plant and equipment is determined as the difference between the sales proceeds and
            the carrying amount of the asset and is recognised in profit or loss.




117   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                         (CONTINUED)
                                                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
     Intangible assets

     Intangible assets acquired separately

     Intangible assets with finite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at costs less accumulated
     amortisation and accumulated impairment losses. Amortisation for intangible assets with finite useful lives is
     recognised on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. The estimated useful life and amortisation
     method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate being
     accounted for on a prospective basis.

     Internally-generated intangible assets -research and development expenditure

     Expenditure on research activities is recognised as an expense in the period in which it is incurred.

     An internally-generated intangible asset arising from development activities (or from the development phase of
     an internal project) is recognised if, and only if, all of the following have been demonstrated:

     •      the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or sale;
     •      the intention to complete the intangible asset and use or sell it;
     •      the ability to use or sell the intangible asset;
     •      how the intangible asset will generate probable future economic benefits;
     •      the availability of adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development and to
            use or sell the intangible asset; and
     •      the ability to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during its development.

     The amount initially recognised for internally-generated intangible asset is the sum of the expenditure
     incurred from the date when the intangible asset first meets the recognition criteria listed above. Where no
     internally-generated intangible asset can be recognised, development expenditure is recognised in profit or loss
     in the period in which it is incurred.

     Subsequent to initial recognition, internally-generated intangible assets are reported at cost less accumulated
     amortisation and accumulated impairment losses (if any), on the same basis as intangible assets that
     are acquired separately.




                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          118
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2019
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




      3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
            Intangible assets - continued

            Intangible assets acquired in a business combination

            Intangible assets acquired in a business combination and recognised separately from goodwill and are initially
            recognised at their fair value at the acquisition date (which is regarded as their cost).

            Subsequent to initial recognition, intangible assets acquired in a business combination with finite useful lives are
            reported at costs less accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses, on the same basis
            as intangible assets that are acquired separately.

            An intangible asset is derecognised on disposal, or when no future economic benefits are expected from use
            or disposal. Gains and losses arising from derecognition of an intangible asset, measured as the difference
            between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset, are recognised in profit or loss when
            the asset is derecognised.

            Impairment on property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets, deposits paid for acquisition of intangible
            assets and intangible assets other than goodwill (see the accounting policy in respect of goodwill above)

            At the end of each reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its property, plant and
            equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets with finite useful lives to determine whether there is any
            indication that these assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable
            amount of the relevant asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss (if any).

            The recoverable amount of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets are
            estimated individually. When it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount individually, the Group
            estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.

            In addition, corporates assets are allocated to individual cash generating units when a reasonable and
            consistent basis of allocation can be established, or otherwise they are allocated to the smallest group of
            cash generating units for which a reasonable and consistent allocation basis can be established. The Group
            assesses whether there is indication that corporate assets may be impaired. If such indication exists, the
            recoverable amount is determined for the cash-generating unit or group of cash-generating units to which the
            corporate asset belongs, and is compared with the carrying amount of the relevant cash-generating unit or
            group of cash-generating units.

            Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In assessing value in
            use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that
            reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset (or a cash-
            generating unit) for which the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.




119   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                        (CONTINUED)
                                                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
     Impairment on property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets, deposits for acquisition of intangibles assets
     and intangible assets other than goodwill (see the accounting policy in respect of goodwill above) - continued

     If the recoverable amount of an asset (or a cash-generating unit) is estimated to be less than its carrying
     amount, the carrying amount of the asset (or the cash-generating unit) is reduced to its recoverable amount.
     For corporate assets or portion of corporate assets which cannot be allocated on a reasonable and consistent
     basis to a cash-generating unit, the Group compares the carrying amount of a group of cash-generating units,
     including the carrying amounts of the corporate assets or portion of corporate assets allocated to that group
     of cash-generating units, with the recoverable amount of the group of cash-generating units. In allocating
     the impairment loss, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill (if
     applicable) and then to the other assets on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying amount of each asset in the
     unit or the group of cash-generating units. The carrying amount of an asset is not reduced below the highest
     of its fair value less costs of disposal (if measurable), its value in use (if determinable) and zero. The amount
     of the impairment loss that would otherwise have been allocated to the asset is allocated pro rata to the other
     assets of the unit or the group of cash-generating units. An impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit
     or loss.

     Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or cash-generating unit or
     a group of cash-generating units) is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but so that
     the increased carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had no
     impairment loss been recognised for the asset (or a cash-generating unit or a group of cash-generating units) in
     prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

     Inventories

     Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Costs of inventories are determined on a
     weighted average method. Net realisable value represents the estimated selling price for inventories less all
     estimated costs of completion and costs necessary to make the sale.

     Financial instruments

     Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when a group entity becomes a party to the contractual
     provisions of the instruments. All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised and
     derecognised on a trade date basis. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets
     that require delivery of assets within the time frame established by regulation or convention in the market place.




                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          120
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2019
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




      3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
            Financial instruments - continued

            Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value, except for the trade receivables arising
            from contracts with customers which are initially measured in accordance with IFRS 15. Transaction costs that
            are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than financial
            assets or financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”)) are added to or deducted from the fair
            value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs directly
            attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at FVTPL are recognised immediately in
            profit or loss.

            If the transaction price differs from fair value at initial recognition, the Group will account for such difference as
            follows:

            •      if fair value is evidenced by a quoted price in an active market for an identical asset or liability or based
                   on a valuation technique that uses only data from observable markets, then the difference is recognised
                   in profit or loss on initial recognition (i.e. day 1 profit or loss);

            •      in all other cases, the fair value will be adjusted to bring it in line with the transaction price (i.e. day 1
                   profit or loss will be deferred by including it as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of
                   financial position).

            After initial recognition, the deferred gain or loss will be released to profit or loss on a rational basis, only to the
            extent that it arises from a change in time value of options that market participants would take into account
            when pricing the asset or liability.

            The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or financial
            liability and of allocating interest income and interest expense over the relevant period. The effective interest
            rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts and payments (including all fees and points
            paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums
            or discounts) through the expected life of the financial asset or financial liability, or, where appropriate, a shorter
            period, to the net carrying amount on initial recognition.


            Financial assets

            Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets

            Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:

            •      the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash flows;
                   and

            •      the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and
                   interest on the principal amount outstanding.


121   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                         (CONTINUED)
                                                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
     Financial instruments - continued


     Financial assets - continued

     Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets - continued

     Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at fair value through other
     comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”):

     •      the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both selling and
            collecting contractual cash flows; and

     •      the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and
            interest on the principal amount outstanding.

     All other financial assets are subsequently measured at FVTPL, except that at the date of initial application of
     IFRS 9 Financial Instruments (“IFRS 9”)/initial recognition of a financial asset the Group may irrevocably elect to
     present subsequent changes in fair value of an equity investment in other comprehensive income if that equity
     investment is neither held for trading nor contingent consideration recognised by an acquirer in a business
     combination to which IFRS 3 Business Combinations applies, and except derivative designated in a qualifying
     hedging relationship.

     In addition, the Group may irrevocably designate a financial asset that are required to be measured at the
     amortised cost or FVTOCI as measured at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting
     mismatch.

     (i)    Amortised cost and interest income

            Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method for financial assets measured
            subsequently at amortised cost and debt instruments/receivables subsequently measured at FVTOCI.
            Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a
            financial asset, except for financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired (see below).
            For financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by
            applying the effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset from the next reporting
            period. If the credit risk on the credit- impaired financial instrument improves so that the financial asset
            is no longer credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the
            gross carrying amount of the financial asset from the beginning of the reporting period following the
            determination that the asset is no longer credit-impaired.




                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          122
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2019
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




      3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
            Financial instruments - continued

            Financial assets - continued

            Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets - continued

            (ii)	Equity instruments designated as at FVTOCI

                   Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI are subsequently measured at fair value with gains and
                   losses arising from changes in fair value recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated
                   in the investment revaluation reserve; and are not subject to impairment assessment. The cumulative
                   gain or loss will not be reclassified to profit or loss on disposal of the equity investments, and will be
                   transferred to accumulated profits.

                   Dividends from these investments in equity instruments are recognised in profit or loss when the Group’s
                   right to receive the dividends is established, unless the dividends clearly represent a recovery of part of
                   the cost of the investment.

            (iii)	Financial assets at FVTPL

                   Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost or FVTOCI or
                   designated as FVTOCI are measured at FVTPL.

                   Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period, with any fair
                   value gains or losses recognised in profit or loss and is included in the “other gains and losses” line item.

            Impairment of financial assets

            The Group performs impairment assessment under expected credit loss (“ECL”) model on financial assets
            (including trade and other receivables, amount due from an associate and bank balances) which are subject
            to impairment under IFRS 9. The amount of ECL is updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit
            risk since initial recognition.

            Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the expected life of the
            relevant instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL (“12m ECL”) represents the portion of lifetime ECL that is
            expected to result from default events that are possible within 12 months after the reporting date. Assessment
            are done based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the
            debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both the current conditions at the reporting date
            as well as the forecast of future conditions.

            The Group always recognises lifetime ECL for trade receivables without significant financing component. The
            ECL on these assets are assessed individually for debtors with the significant balances and collectively using a
            provision matrix with appropriate groupings.

            For all other instruments, the Group measures the loss allowance equal to 12m ECL, unless when there
            has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, the Group recognises lifetime ECL. The
            assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be recognised is based on significant increases in the likelihood or
            risk of a default occurring since initial recognition.



123   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             (CONTINUED)
                                                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
     Financial instruments - continued


     Financial assets - continued

     Impairment of financial assets - continued

     (i)	Significant increase in credit risk

            In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group
            compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the
            risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition. In making this
            assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and
            supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking information that is available without
            undue cost or effort.

            In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk has
            increased significantly:

            •      an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s external (if available) or
                   internal credit rating;
            •      significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk, e.g. a significant increase in the
                   credit spread, the credit default swap prices for the debtor;
            •      existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are
                   expected to cause a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations;
            •      an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor;
            •      an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or technological
                   environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its
                   debt obligations.

            Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit risk has
            increased significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments are more than 30 days past
            due, unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information that demonstrates otherwise.

            The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there has been a
            significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the criteria are capable
            of identifying significant increase in credit risk before the amount becomes past due.




                                                                               CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED            124
                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2019
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




      3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
            Financial instruments - continued


            Financial assets - continued

            Impairment of financial assets - continued

            (ii)    Definition of default

                    For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default occurs when information
                    developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor is unlikely to pay its
                    creditors, including the Group, in full (without taking into account any collaterals held by the Group).

                    Irrespective of the above, the Group considers that default has occurred when a financial asset is more
                    than 90 days past due unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information to demonstrate
                    that a more lagging default criterion is more appropriate.

            (iii)   Credit-impaired financial assets

                    A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events of default that have a detrimental impact on
                    the estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is
                    credit-impaired includes observable data about the following events:

                    (a) significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;
                    (b) a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;
                    (c) the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower’s financial
                        difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the lender(s) would not otherwise
                        consider; or
                    (d) it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation.

            (iv)	Write-off policy

                    The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the counterparty
                    is in severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, for example, when the
                    counterparty has been placed under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings. Financial
                    assets written off may still be subject to enforcement activities under the Group’s recovery procedures,
                    taking into account legal advice where appropriate. A write-off constitutes a derecognition event. Any
                    subsequent recoveries are recognised in profit or loss.




125   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                         (CONTINUED)
                                                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
     Financial instruments - continued


     Financial assets - continued

     Impairment of financial assets - continued

     (v)	Measurement and recognition of ECL

     	The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e. the magnitude
       of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the probability of default
       and loss given default is based on historical data adjusted by forward-looking information. Estimation of
       ECL reflects an unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is determined with the respective risks
       of default occurring as the weights.

     	Generally, the ECL is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group in
       accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at the
       effective interest rate determined at initial recognition.

     	Where lifetime ECL is measured on a collective basis to cater for cases where evidence of significant
       increases in credit risk at the individual instrument level may not yet be available, the financial instruments
       are grouped on the following basis:

            •      Nature of financial instruments (i.e. the Group’s trade and other receivables are each assessed as
                   a separate group. Amount due from an associate is assessed for expected credit losses on an
                   individual basis);
            •      Past-due status;
            •      Nature, size and industry of debtors; and
            •      External credit ratings where available.

            The grouping is regularly reviewed by management to ensure the constituents of each group continue to
            share similar credit risk characteristics.

            Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial asset unless the
            financial asset is credit impaired, in which case interest income is calculated based on amortised cost of
            the financial asset.

            The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments by adjusting
            their carrying amount, with the exception of trade receivables where the corresponding adjustment is
            recognised through a loss allowance account.




                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          126
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2019
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




      3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
            Financial instruments - continued


            Derecognition of financial assets

            The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset
            expire. If the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership and
            continues to control the transferred asset, the Group recognises its retained interest in the asset and an
            associated liability for amounts it may have to pay. If the Group retains substantially all the risks and rewards
            of ownership of a transferred financial asset, the Group continues to recognise the financial asset and also
            recognises a collateralised borrowing for the proceeds received.

            On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the asset’s carrying
            amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised in profit or loss.

            On derecognition of an investment in equity instrument which the Group has elected on initial recognition to
            measure at FVTOCI, the cumulative gain or loss previously accumulated in the investments revaluation reserve
            is not reclassified to profit or loss, but is transferred to accumulated profits.


            Financial liabilities and equity instruments

            Classification as debts or equity

            Debt and equity instruments are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance with the
            substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity instrument.

            Equity instruments

            An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after deducting
            all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recognised at the proceeds received, net of
            direct issue costs.

            Repurchase of the Company’s own equity instruments is recognised and deducted directly in equity. No gain
            or loss is recognised in profit or loss on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the Company’s own equity
            instruments.

            Financial liabilities

            All financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method or at
            FVTPL.




127   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                            (CONTINUED)
                                                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
     Financial instruments - continued


     Financial liabilities and equity instruments - continued

     Financial liabilities at FVTPL

     Financial liabilities are classified as at FVTPL when the financial liability is (i) contingent consideration of an
     acquirer in a business combination to which IFRS 3 applies, or (ii) it is designated as at FVTPL.

     A financial liability is held for trading if:

     •       it has been acquired principally for the purpose of repurchasing it in the near term; or
     •       on initial recognition it is part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group manages
             together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or
     •       it is a derivative, except for a derivative that is a financial guarantee contract or a designated and
             effective hedging instrument.

     A financial liability other than a financial liability held for trading or contingent consideration of an acquirer in a
     business combination may be designated as at FVTPL upon initial recognition if:

     •       such designation eliminates or significantly reduces a measurement or recognition inconsistency that
             would otherwise arise; or
     •       the financial liability forms part of a group of financial assets or financial liabilities or both, which is
             managed and its performance is evaluated on a fair value basis, in accordance with the Group’s
             documented risk management or investment strategy, and information about the grouping is provided
             internally on that basis; or
     •       it forms part of a contract containing one or more embedded derivatives, and IFRS 9 permits the entire
             combined contract to be designated as at FVTPL.

     For financial liabilities that are designated as at FVTPL, the amount of change in the fair value of the financial
     liability that is attributable to changes in the credit risk of that liability is recognised in other comprehensive
     income, unless the recognition of the effects of changes in the liability’s credit risk in other comprehensive
     income would create or enlarge an accounting mismatch in profit or loss. For financial liabilities that contain
     embedded derivatives, such as derivative financial instruments, the changes in fair value of the embedded
     derivatives are excluded in determining the amount to be presented in other comprehensive income. Changes
     in fair value attributable to a financial liability’s credit risk that are recognised in other comprehensive income
     are not subsequently reclassified to profit or loss; instead, they are transferred to accumulated profits upon
     derecognition of the financial liability.

     Financial liabilities at amortised cost

     Financial liabilities, including trade and other payables, bank borrowings and deferred consideration payables,
     are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest method.


                                                                               CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           128
                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2019
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




      3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
            Financial instruments - continued


            Financial liabilities and equity instruments- continued

            Bank borrowings

            Bank borrowings are recognised initially at fair value of proceeds received, net of transaction costs incurred.
            Transaction costs are incremental costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of a financial
            liability. Bank borrowings are subsequently stated at amortised cost. Any difference between the proceeds
            (net of transaction costs) and the redemption value is amortised to profit or loss over the period of the bank
            borrowings using the effective interest method.

            Deferred consideration payables

            The deferred consideration payables are initially measured at the present value of the contractual future
            payments that are not paid at that date. Deferred consideration payables are subsequently measured at
            amortised cost using the effective interest method.


            Derivative financial instruments

            Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value at the date when derivative contracts are entered into and are
            subsequently remeasured to their fair value at the end of the reporting period. The resulting gain or loss is
            recognised in profit or loss unless the derivative is designated and effective as a hedging instrument, in which
            event the timing of the recognition in profit or loss depends on the nature of the hedge relationship.


            Hedge accounting

            The Group designates certain derivatives as hedging instruments for cash flow hedges.

            At the inception of the hedging relationship the Group documents the relationship between the hedging
            instrument and the hedged item, along with its risk management objectives and its strategy for undertaking
            various hedge transactions. Furthermore, at the inception of the hedge and on an ongoing basis, the Group
            documents whether the hedging instrument is highly effective in offsetting changes in fair values or cash flows
            of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk.




129   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                          (CONTINUED)
                                                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
     Financial instruments - continued


     Hedge accounting - continued

     Assessment of hedging relationship and effectiveness

     For hedge effectiveness assessment, the Group considers whether the hedging instrument is effective in
     offsetting changes in fair values or cash flows of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk, which is when
     the hedging relationships meet all of the following hedge effectiveness requirements:

     •      there is an economic relationship between the hedged item and the hedging instrument;
     •      the effect of credit risk does not dominate the value changes that result from that economic relationship;
            and
     •      the hedge ratio of the hedging relationship is the same as that resulting from the quantity of the hedged
            item that the Group actually hedges and the quantity of the hedging instrument that the entity actually
            uses to hedge that quantity of hedged item.

     If a hedging relationship ceases to meet the hedge effectiveness requirement relating to the hedge ratio but the
     risk management objective for that designated hedging relationship remains the same, the Group adjusts the
     hedge ratio of the hedging relationship (i.e. rebalances the hedge) so that it meets the qualifying criteria again.

     Cash flow hedges

     The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives and other qualifying hedging instruments that are
     designated and qualify as cash flow hedges are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated
     under the heading of hedging reserve, limited to the cumulative change in fair value of the hedged item from
     inception of the hedge. The gain or loss relating to the ineffective portion is recognised immediately in profit or
     loss under other gains and losses.

     Amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity are reclassified
     to profit or loss in the periods when the hedged item affects profit or loss, in the same line as the recognised
     hedged item.

     Furthermore, if the Group expects that some or all of the loss accumulated in the cash flow hedging reserve will
     not be recovered in the future, the amount is immediately reclassified to profit or loss.

     Discontinuation of hedge accounting

     The Group discontinues hedge accounting prospectively only when the hedging relationship (or a part thereof)
     ceases to meet the qualifying criteria (after rebalancing, if applicable). This includes instances when the
     hedging instrument expires or is sold, terminated or exercised. Discontinuing hedge accounting can either
     affect a hedging relationship in its entirety or only a part of it (in which case hedge accounting continues for the
     remainder of the hedging relationship).

                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          130
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2019
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




      3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
            Financial instruments - continued


            Hedge accounting - continued

            Discontinuation of hedge accounting - continued

            Any gain or loss recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity at that time remains
            in equity and is recognised when the forecast transactions is ultimately recognised in profit or loss. When
            a forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur, the gain or loss accumulated in equity is recognised
            immediately in profit or loss.


            Derecognition of financial liabilities

            The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are discharged,
            cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability derecognised
            and the consideration paid and payable is recognised in profit or loss.

            The Group accounts for an exchange with a lender of a financial liability with substantially different terms as
            an extinguishment of the original financial liability and the recognition of a new financial liability. A substantial
            modification of the terms of an existing financial liability or a part of it (whether or not attributable to the financial
            difficulty of the Group) is accounted for as an extinguishment of the original financial liability and the recognition
            of a new financial liability.

            The Group considers that the terms are substantially different if the discounted present value of the cash
            flows under the new terms, including any fees paid net of any fees received and discounted using the original
            effective interest rate, is at least 10 per cent different from the discounted present value of the remaining cash
            flows of the original financial liability. Accordingly, such exchange of debt instruments or modification of terms
            is accounted for as an extinguishment, any costs or fees incurred are recognised as part of the gain or loss on
            the extinguishment. The exchange or modification is considered as non-substantial modification when such
            difference is less than 10 per cent.


            Non-substantial modifications of financial liabilities

            For non-substantial modifications of financial liabilities that do not result in derecognition, the carrying amount
            of the relevant financial liabilities will be calculated at the present value of the modified contractual cash flows
            discounted at the financial liabilities’ original effective interest rate. Transaction costs or fees incurred are
            adjusted to the carrying amount of the modified financial liabilities and are amortised over the remaining term.
            Any adjustment to the carrying amount of the financial liability is recognised in profit or loss at the date of
            modification.




131   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                           (CONTINUED)
                                                                                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
     Revenue from contracts with customers

     The Group recognises revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when “control” of the
     goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to the customer.

     A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is distinct or a
     series of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same.

     Control is transferred over time and revenue is recognised over time by reference to the progress towards
     complete satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is met:

     •      the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s performance
            as the Group performs;
     •      the Group’s performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group
            performs; or
     •      the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group
            has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

     Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the distinct good or
     service.

     A contract asset represents the Group’s right to consideration in exchange for goods or services that the
     Group has transferred to a customer that is not yet unconditional. It is assessed for impairment in accordance
     with IFRS 9. In contrast, a receivable represents the Group’s unconditional right to consideration, i.e. only the
     passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due.

     A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the
     Group has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.

     A contract asset and a contract liability relating to the same contract are accounted for and presented on a net
     basis.


     Principal versus agent

     When another party is involved in providing goods or services to a customer, the Group determines whether the
     nature of its promise is a performance obligation to provide the specified goods or services itself (i.e. the Group
     is a principal) or to arrange for those goods or services to be provided by the other party (i.e. the Group is an
     agent).

     The Group is a principal if it controls the specified good or service before that good or service is transferred to a
     customer.




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           132
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2019
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




      3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
            Revenue from contracts with customers - continued


            Principal versus agent - continued

            The Group is an agent if its performance obligation is to arrange for the provision of the specified good or
            service by another party. In this case, the Group does not control the specified good or service provided by
            another party before that good or service is transferred to the customer. When the Group acts as an agent, it
            recognises revenue in the amount of any fee or commission to which it expects to be entitled in exchange for
            arranging for the specified goods or services to be provided by the other party.

            The Group has acted as principal for transactions of pharmaceutical products and acted as agent for the
            promotion services. In assessing whether the Group acted as principal or agent, the Group has considered
            whether it controls the pharmaceutical products and promotion services before such products and/or
            services are transferred to customers, indicators including but not limited to whether the Group has primary
            responsibility in providing the goods and services to the customers, inventory risk before the customers’ order
            and whether it has discretion in establishing price.

            Revenue is recognised at a point in time when control of the pharmaceutical products is passed to customers
            upon receipt of products.

            Promotion income is recognised when the Group satisfies its promise to arrange for the pharmaceutical
            products to be provided by supplier to the customer.

            Taxation

            Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.

            The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from profit before tax as
            reported in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income because of income
            or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and items that are never taxable or deductible. The
            Group’s liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by
            the end of the reporting period.

            Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in
            the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable
            profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax assets
            are generally recognised for all deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is probable that taxable
            profits will be available against which those deductible temporary differences can be utilised. Such deferred tax
            assets and liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition (other than
            in a business combination) of assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit nor the
            accounting profit. In addition, deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from
            the initial recognition of goodwill.


133   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             (CONTINUED)
                                                                                   FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
     Taxation - continued

     Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences associated with investments in
     subsidiaries and associates, except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the temporary difference
     and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets
     arising from deductible temporary differences associated with such investments and interests are only
     recognised to the extent that it is probable that there will be sufficient taxable profits against which to utilise the
     benefits of the temporary differences and they are expected to reverse in the foreseeable future.

     The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of the reporting period and reduced to the
     extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset
     to be recovered.

     Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period in
     which the liability is settled or the asset realised, based on tax rate (and tax laws) that have been enacted or
     substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

     The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the
     manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount
     of its assets and liabilities.

     For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for leasing transactions in which the Group recognises the right-
     of-use assets and the related lease liabilities, the Group first determines whether the tax deductions are
     attributable to the right-of-use assets or the lease liabilities.

     For leasing transactions in which the tax deductions are attributable to the lease liabilities, the Group applies
     IAS 12 Income Taxes requirements to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities separately. Temporary differences
     on initial recognition of the relevant right-of-use assets and lease liabilities are not recognised due to application
     of the initial recognition exemption. Temporary differences arising from subsequent revision to the carrying
     amounts of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities, resulting from remeasurement of lease liabilities and lease
     modifications, that are not subject to initial recognition exemption are recognised on the date of remeasurement
     or modification.

     Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets
     against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied to the same taxable entity by the same
     taxation authority.

     Current and deferred tax are recognised in profit or loss, except when they relate to items that are recognised
     in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case, the current and deferred tax are also
     recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity respectively. Where current tax or deferred tax
     arises from the initial accounting for a business combination, the tax effect is included in the accounting for the
     business combination.


                                                                               CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED            134
                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2019
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




      3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
            Taxation - continued

            In assessing any uncertainty over income tax treatments, the Group considers whether it is probable that the
            relevant tax authority will accept the uncertain tax treatment used, or proposed to be use by individual group
            entities in their income tax filings. If it is probable, the current and deferred taxes are determined consistently
            with the tax treatment in the income tax filings. If it is not probable that the relevant taxation authority will
            accept an uncertain tax treatment, the effect of each uncertainty is reflected by using either the most likely
            amount or the expected value.

            Foreign currencies

            In preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in currencies other than the
            functional currency of that entity (foreign currencies) are recognised at the rates of exchange prevailing at
            the dates of the transactions. At the end of each reporting period, monetary items denominated in foreign
            currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing at that date. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms
            of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.

            Exchange differences, arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the retranslation of monetary items,
            are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.

            For the purposes of presenting the consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities of the Group’s
            foreign operations are translated into the presentation currency of the Group (i.e. RMB) using exchange rates
            prevailing at the end of each reporting period. Income and expense items are translated at the average
            exchange rates for the period, unless exchange rates fluctuate significantly during that period, in which case,
            the exchange rates at the dates of transactions are used. Exchange differences arising, if any, are recognised
            in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity under the heading of translation reserve.

            On the disposal of a foreign operation (that is, a disposal of the Group’s entire interest in a foreign operation, or
            a disposal involving loss of control over a subsidiary that includes a foreign operation, or a partial disposal of an
            interest in a joint arrangement or an associate that includes a foreign operation of which the retained interest
            becomes a financial asset), all of the exchange differences accumulated in equity in respect of that operation
            attributable to the owners of the Company are reclassified to profit or loss.

            Leases


            Definition of a lease (upon application of IFRS 16 in accordance with transition in note 2)

            A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a
            period of time in exchange for consideration.

            For contracts entered into on or after the date of initial application, the Group assesses whether a contract is or
            contains a lease based on the definition under IFRS 16 at inception or modification date. Such contract will not
            be reassessed unless the terms and conditions of the contract are subsequently changed.



135   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                         (CONTINUED)
                                                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
     Leases - continued


     The Group as a lessee (upon application of IFRS 16 in accordance with transition in note 2)

     Short-term leases

     The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to leases of office premises that have a lease
     term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option. Lease
     payments on short-term leases are recognised as expense on a straight-line basis or another systematic basis
     over the lease term.

     Right-of-use assets

     The cost of right-of-use asset includes:

     •      the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability;
     •      any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives received;
     •      any initial direct costs incurred by the Group; and
     •      an estimate of costs to be incurred by the Group in dismantling and removing the underlying assets,
            restoring the site on which it is located or restoring the underlying asset to the condition required by the
            terms and conditions of the lease.

     Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and
     adjusted for any re-measurement of lease liabilities.

     Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of its estimated useful life and the
     lease term.

     The Group presents right-of-use assets as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial
     position.

     Refundable rental deposits

     Refundable rental deposits paid are accounted under IFRS 9 and initially measured at fair value. Adjustments
     to fair value at initial recognition are considered as additional lease payments and included in the cost of right-
     of-use assets.




                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          136
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2019
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




      3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
            Leases - continued


            The Group as a lessee (upon application of IFRS 16 in accordance with transition in note 2)
            - continued


            Lease liabilities

            At the commencement date of a lease, the Group recognised and measures the lease liability at the present
            value of lease payments that are unpaid at that date. In calculating the present value of lease payments, the
            Group uses the incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date if the interest rate implicit in the
            lease is not readily determinable.

            The lease payments include:

            •       fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable;
            •       variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate initially measured using the index or rate as
                    the commencement date;
            •       amounts expected to be payable by the Group under residual value guarantees;
            •       the exercise price of a purchase option if the Group is reasonably certain to be exercised by the Group;
                    and
            •       payments of penalties for terminating a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising the option to
                    terminate the lease.

            After the commencement date, lease liabilities are adjusted by interest accretion and lease payments.

            The Group remeasures lease liabilities (and makes a corresponding adjustment to the related right-of-use
            assets) whenever:

            •       the lease term has changed or there is a change in the assessment of exercise of a purchase option, in
                    which case the related lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments using a
                    revised discount rate at the date of reassessment.
            •       the lease payments change due to changes in market rental rates following a market rent review, in
                    which cases the related lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments using the
                    initial discount rate.

            The Group presents lease liabilities as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial position.


            The Group as lessee (prior to 1 January 2019)

            Leases are classified as finance leases whenever the terms of the lease transfer substantially all the risks and
            rewards of ownership to the lessee. All other leases are classified as operating leases.




137   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                      (CONTINUED)
                                                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
     Leases - continued


     The Group as lessee (prior to 1 January 2019) - continued

     Operating lease payments, including the cost of acquiring land held under operating leases, are recognised as
     an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Contingent rentals arising under operating leases are
     recognised as an expense in the period in which they are incurred.

     Borrowing costs

     All borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.

     Government grants

     Government grants are not recognised until there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply with the
     conditions attaching to them and that the grants will be received.

     Government grants are recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which the Group
     recognises as expenses the related costs for which the grants are intended to compensate.

     Government grants that are receivable as compensation for expenses or losses already incurred or for the
     purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future related costs are recognised in profit
     or loss in the period in which they become receivable.

     Retirement benefit costs

     Payment to defined contribution retirement benefit plans including schemes registered under the Mandatory
     Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance in Hong Kong, Social Security Fund Schemes in Macau, Employee
     Provident Fund Schemes in Malaysia and government retirement benefit scheme in PRC and retirement benefit
     scheme and retirement benefit scheme in Dubai are recognised as an expense when employees have rendered
     service, entitling them to the contributions.

     Payments to employee benefit schemes including Key Employee Benefit Scheme (the “2009 Scheme”), CMS
     Key Employee Benefit Scheme (the “New KEB Scheme”) and CMS Employee Incentive Scheme (the “Bonus
     Scheme”), which are classified as a defined contribution scheme, are recognised as an expense in the reporting
     period in which the Board of Directors approve for the contribution to a trust.

     The Group operates defined contribution retirement schemes in Hong Kong, Macau, the PRC, Malaysia and
     Dubai.

     The Group’s contributions to the defined contribution retirement schemes and the mandatory provident
     fund scheme are recognised as an expense when employees have rendered service entitling them to the
     contributions and, in respect of the non-mandatory provident fund schemes, such contributions are reduced
     by contributions forfeited by those employees who leave the schemes prior to vesting fully in the Group’s
     contributions.



                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED      138
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2019
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




      3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
            Short-term employee benefits


            Short-term employee benefits are recognised at the undiscounted amount of the benefits expected to be paid
            as and when employees rendered the services. All short-term employee benefits are recognised as an expense
            unless another IFRS requires or permits the inclusion of the benefit in the cost of an asset.

            A liability is recognised for benefits accruing to employees (such as wages and salaries, annual leave and sick
            leave) after deducting any amount already paid.


      4.    KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY
            In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, which are described in note 3, the directors of the
            Company are required to make judgements, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets
            and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and associated assumptions are
            based on historical experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ
            from these estimates.

            The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an on-going basis. Revisions to accounting
            estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or
            in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.

            The following are the key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at
            the end of the reporting period, that may have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying
            amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year.

            Estimated impairment of goodwill

            For the purpose of impairment testing, the entire amount of goodwill has been allocated to the five (2018: five)
            cash generating units (“CGU”s) (see note 19). The impairment assessment is based on the higher of fair value
            less costs of disposal and value in use of the CGUs. The value in use calculation requires the Group to estimate
            the future cash flows expected to arise from the CGUs and a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the
            present value. The value in use calculation is sensitive to changes in the key assumptions including growth
            rates, discount rate and the forecast performance based on management’s view of future business prospects.
            Where the actual future cash flows are less than expected, or change in facts and circumstances which results
            in downward revision of future cash flows, a material impairment loss/further impairment loss may arise. In
            the opinion of the directors of the Company, no impairment of goodwill is required for the years ended 31
            December 2019 and 2018. As at 31 December 2019, the carrying amount of goodwill is approximately
            RMB1,384,535,000 (2018: RMB1,384,535,000).




139   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                         (CONTINUED)
                                                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




4.   KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY - continued
     Estimated impairment of interest in Tibet Rhodiola Pharmaceutical Holding Company (“Tibet Pharmaceutical”)

     As at 31 December 2019, in view of impairment indicators, the Group performed an impairment assessment on
     Tibet Pharmaceutical, an associate of the Group. Determining whether impairment loss should be recognised
     requires an estimation of the recoverable amount of the relevant associate which is the higher of value in use
     and fair value less costs of disposal. The value in use calculation requires the management of the Group to
     estimate the present value of the estimated cash flows expected to arise from the proceeds from the ultimate
     disposal of the investment taking into account factors, including growth rates, discount rate and forecast
     performance. In cases where the actual cash flows are more or less than expected, or change in facts and
     circumstances which result in revision of future cash flows estimation, a material reversal or further recognition
     of impairment may arise, which would be recognised in profit or loss for the period in which such a reversal
     or further recognition takes place. In the opinion of the directors of the Company, no impairment of interest in
     Tibet Pharmaceutical is recognised for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 2018. Details of the interest in
     Tibet Pharmaceutical are disclosed in note 17.

     As at 31 December 2019, the carrying amount of the interests in Tibet Pharmaceutical amounted to
     RMB2,590,151,000 (2018: RMB2,491,470,000).

     Deferred tax assets

     As at 31 December 2019, a deferred tax asset of approximately RMB19,074,000 (2018: RMB19,511,000)
     in relation to unrealised profits on inventories has been recognised in the Group’s consolidated statement of
     financial position. The realisability of the deferred tax asset mainly depends on whether sufficient future profits
     or taxable temporary differences will be available in the future. In cases where the actual future taxable profits
     generated are less or more than expected, or there is a change in facts and circumstances which results in
     revision of future taxable profits estimation, a material reversal or further recognition of deferred tax assets
     may arise, which would be recognised in the profit or loss in the period in which such a reversal or further
     recognition takes places.

     Estimated impairment of intangible assets

     At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its intangible assets to determine
     whether there is any indication that those assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication
     exists, the recoverable amount of the asset is estimated with reference to the value in use calculation in order
     to determine the extent of the impairment loss, if any. The value in use calculation is sensitive to changes in the
     key assumptions including growth rates, discount rate and the forecast performance based on management’s
     view of future business prospects. If the recoverable amount of an intangible asset is estimated to be less than
     its carrying amount, the carrying amount of the asset is reduced to its recoverable amount. An impairment
     loss of RMB4,730,000 (2018: nil) was recognised in profit or loss for the year ended 31 December 2019. As
     at 31 December 2019, the carrying amount of intangible assets is approximately RMB2,459,128,000 (2018:
     RMB2,554,075,000).




                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          140
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2019
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




      4.    KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY - continued
            Provision of ECL for trade receivables

            The Group uses provision matrix to calculate ECL for the trade receivables which are individually insignificant.
            The provision rates are based on internal credit ratings as groupings of various debtors that have similar
            loss patterns. The provision matrix is based on the Group’s historical default rates taking into consideration
            forward-looking information that is reasonable and supportable and available without undue costs or effort. At
            every reporting date, the historical observed default rates are reassessed and changes in the forward-looking
            information are considered.

            The provision of ECL is sensitive to changes in estimates. The information about the ECL and the Group’s
            trade receivables are disclosed in notes 36 and 22, respectively.

            Fair value measurement of financial instruments

            The Group’s unquoted equity instruments including equity instruments at FVTOCI, amounting to
            RMB235,568,000 (2018: RMB230,953,000), and financial assets at FVTPL, amounting to RMB2,736,000
            (2018: nil), as at 31 December 2019 are measured at fair values with certain fair values being determined based
            on unobserved inputs using valuation techniques. Judgement and estimation are required in establishing the
            relevant valuation techniques and the relevant inputs thereof. Changes in assumptions relating to these factors
            could affect the reported fair values of these instruments. See note 20 for further disclosures.

            Estimated impairment of deposits paid for acquisition of intangible assets

            At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its deposits paid for acquisition
            of intangible assets to determine whether there is any indication that those assets have suffered an impairment
            loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the asset is estimated with reference to the value
            in use calculation in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss, if any. The value in use calculation is
            sensitive to changes in the key assumptions including growth rates, discount rate and the forecast performance
            based on management’s view of future business prospects. If the recoverable amount of the deposits paid
            for acquisition of intangible assets is estimated to be less than its carrying amount, the carrying amount of the
            asset is reduced to its recoverable amount. During the year ended 31 December 2019, an impairment loss of
            RMB963,000 (2018: nil) was recognised. As at 31 December 2019, the carrying amount of the deposits paid
            for acquisition of intangible assets is approximately RMB325,126,000 (2018: RMB95,262,000).




141   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                       (CONTINUED)
                                                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




5.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
     (i)   Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers



           The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue from its major products and services:

           At a point in time                                                           2019                  2018
                                                                                     RMB’000               RMB’000

           Sales of pharmaceutical products                                         4,768,335             4,308,647
           Promotion income                                                         1,305,289             1,124,802

           Total revenue                                                            6,073,624             5,433,449


     (ii)	Performance obligations for contracts with customers

           The Group sells and promotes pharmaceutical products to hospital and medical institutions throughout
           the PRC through distributors of direct network and agency network.

           For sales of pharmaceutical products to customers, revenue is recognised at a point in time when
           control of the pharmaceutical products is passed to customers, i.e. when the products are delivered
           and titles have passed to customers upon receipt by customers. For promotion of pharmaceutical
           products, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the Group satisfies its obligation to arrange for
           the pharmaceutical products to be provided by suppliers to distributors.

           A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to sales of pharmaceutical products to customers for
           which the Group has received consideration from (or an amount of consideration is due from) customers
           while revenue has not yet been recognised. The transaction prices allocated to the remaining unsatisfied
           performance obligations as at 31 December 2019 are RMB12,939,000 (2018: RMB5,469,000) and the
           expected timing of recognising revenue is within one year.




                                                                          CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          142
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2019
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




      5.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION - continued
            (iii)	Segment information

                    The Group determines its operating segments based on the internal reports reviewed by the Executive
                    Directors of the Company, being the chief operating decision maker that are used for resources
                    allocation and assessment of segment performance.

                    The Group only has one reportable operating segment that is marketing, promotion, sales and
                    manufacturing of pharmaceutical products. No operating results and discrete financial information
                    is available for the assessment of performance of the respective business divisions and resources
                    allocation purpose.

                    No analysis of the Group’s assets and liabilities by operating segments is disclosed as it is not regularly
                    provided to the chief operating decision maker for review.

                    The Group primarily operates in the PRC. Almost all revenue from external customers is attributed to
                    the PRC, 74% and 26% of non-current assets excluding derivative financial instruments and deferred
                    tax assets of the Group are located in the PRC and Dubai, respectively (2018: 99% and nil).

                    No single customer contributes over 10% of the total revenue of the Group for both years.

      6.    OTHER GAINS AND LOSSES
                                                                                                 2019                  2018
                                                                                              RMB’000               RMB’000

            Impairment loss on intangible assets                                                  (4,730)                    -
            Impairment loss on deposit paid for
              acquisition of intangible assets                                                      (963)                    -
            Interest income                                                                      41,998                26,076
            Government subsidies (Note a)                                                        47,377                11,299
            Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                     (9,122)               (1,697)
            Gain on disposal of right-of-use assets                                                6,268                     -
            Net foreign exchange loss                                                           (18,851)              (59,487)
            Change in fair value of derivative
              financial instruments                                                               8,904               16,722
            Release on deferred difference on initial
              recognition of financial instruments                                                1,929                    -
            Others                                                                                  991                1,476

                                                                                                 73,801                (5,611)


            Note:

            (a)	The amounts for both years mainly represented the incentive subsidies provided by the PRC local
                 authorities to the Group to encourage business operation in the PRC. There were no unfulfilled
                 conditions attached to these grants and, the Group has recognised the grants upon receipts.


143   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                       (CONTINUED)
                                                                                     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




7.   FINANCE COSTS
                                                                                                  2019                      2018
                                                                                               RMB’000                   RMB’000

     Interest on bank borrowings                                                                 53,862                    70,029
     Interest on lease liabilities                                                                1,314                         -
     Imputed interest on deferred consideration payables                                          1,079                     1,856

                                                                                                 56,255                    71,885



8.   DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S EMOLUMENTS
     Directors’ and chief executive’s remunerations for the year, disclosed pursuant to the applicable Listing Rules
     and the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, are as follows:

                                                                 Year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                                                            Executive
                                                                                                             Director
                                                                         Independent                        and chief
                                      Executive Directors           Non-executive Directors                 executive
                                           (Note b)                            (Note c)                     (Note b)
                                                                               Cheung
                                      Chen          Chen           Wu            Kam           Leung
                                      Hong           Yan           Chi          Shing,         Chong           Lam
                                      Bing          Ling          Keung         Terry          Shun           Kong         Total
                                     RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                                                                             (Note a)

     Fees                                  191          191           191            191           191             191        1,146
     Other emoluments
      Salaries and other benefits         3,012        2,316               -              -             -        3,324        8,652
      Contributions to
       retirement benefits schemes          76              76          -                 -         -              33         185

     Total emoluments                    3,279        2,583          191            191           191           3,548        9,983

                                                                 Year ended 31 December 2018
                                                                                                            Executive
                                                                                                             Director
                                                                         Independent                        and chief
                                      Executive Directors           Non-executive Directors                 executive
                                           (Note b)                            (Note c)                     (Note b)
                                                                               Cheung
                                      Chen          Chen           Wu            Kam           Leung
                                      Hong           Yan           Chi          Shing,         Chong           Lam
                                      Bing          Ling          Keung         Terry          Shun           Kong         Total
                                     RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                                                                             (Note a)
     Fees                                  177          177           177            177           177             177        1,062
     Other emoluments
      Salaries and other benefits         2,623        2,021               -              -             -        2,848        7,492
      Contributions to
       retirement benefits schemes          58              58          -                 -         -              15         131

     Total emoluments                    2,858        2,256          177            177           177           3,040        8,685


                                                                                 CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED                144
                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2019
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




      8.    DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S EMOLUMENTS - continued
            Notes:

            (a)	Mr. Lam Kong is also the chief executive of the Company and his emoluments disclosed above include
                those for services rendered by him as the chief executive.

            (b)	The executive directors’ emoluments shown above were mainly for their services in connection with the
                 management of the affairs of the Company and the Group.

            (c)	The independent non-executive director’s emoluments shown above were mainly for their services as
                 directors of the Company.

            There was no arrangement under which a director or the chief executive waived or agreed to waive any
            remuneration during both years.


      9.    EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS

            The five highest paid individuals for the year ended 31 December 2019 included 3 directors (2018: 3 directors),
            details of whose emoluments are set out in note 8 above. The emoluments of the remaining two (2018: two)
            individuals for the year ended 31 December 2019 were as follows:

                                                                                              2019                 2018
                                                                                           RMB’000              RMB’000
            Employees
             - basic salaries and allowances                                                   2,952                3,024
             - retirement benefits scheme contributions                                          116                  109

                                                                                               3,068                3,133


            The number of the highest paid individuals who are not the directors of the Company whose remuneration fell
            within the following bands is as follows:

                                                                                           Number of employees
                                                                                              2019                  2018

            HK$1,500,001 to HK$2,000,000
             (approximately RMB1,328,000 to RMB1,770,000)                                          2                    2



            During the both years, no emoluments were paid by the Group to the directors or the highest paid individuals
            (including directors and employees) as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for
            loss of office.




145   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                       (CONTINUED)
                                                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




10. INCOME TAX EXPENSE
                                                                                        2019                  2018
                                                                                     RMB’000               RMB’000
   Current tax:
    The PRC Enterprise Income Tax                                                     161,737               153,939
    Malaysian Corporate Income Tax                                                    357,219                    33
    Hong Kong Profits Tax                                                               7,009                 5,002
    Others                                                                              4,822                     -

                                                                                      530,787               158,974

   Underprovision in prior years:
    The PRC Enterprise Income Tax                                                        7,975                  399


   Deferred taxation (note 31):
    - Current year                                                                       (6,758)              2,403

                                                                                      532,004               161,776


   Note:

           (a)	The PRC Enterprise Income Tax

           The provision for PRC Enterprise Income Tax is based on the estimated taxable income for the PRC
           taxation purposes at the applicable rates for both years.

           Under the Law of the PRC on Enterprise Income Tax (the “EIT Law”) and Implementation Regulation of
           the EIT Law, the tax rate of the PRC subsidiaries is 25% except for those described below.

           天津康哲醫藥科技發展有限公司 (Tianjin Kangzhe Pharmaceutical Technology Development Co., Ltd.)
           (“Tianjin Kangzhe”) is entitled to a reduced tax rate of 15% (2018: 15%) granted by the local tax authority
           until 2020. 康哲 ( 湖南 ) 制藥有限公司 (Kangzhe (Hunan) Medical Co., Ltd.) (“Kangzhe Hunan”) is entitled
           to a reduced tax rate of 15% (2018: 15%) granted by local tax authority until 2019. 西藏康哲醫藥科
           技 有 限 公 司 (Tibet Kangzhe Pharmaceutical Technology Co., Ltd.) (“Tibet Kangzhe Technology”) and
           西藏康哲藥業發展有限公司 (Tibet Kangzhe Pharmaceutical Development Co., Ltd ) (“Tibet Kangzhe
           Development”) are entitled to a reduced tax rate of 9% (2018: 9%) granted by local tax authority until 31
           December 2021.

           (b)	Malaysian Corporate Income Tax and Withholding Income Tax

           Due to the tax reform that under Labuan New Tax Legislation, the Group’s Malaysian subsidiary
           would be taxed under the Malaysian Income Tax Act 1967 (the “Act 1967”) with effect from the year
           of assessment 2019. The statutory income tax of the Group’s Malaysian subsidiary is at 24% of the
           chargeable income and withholding income tax of 15% and 10% shall be levied on the interest payment
           and royalty payment, respectively, from the companies established in Malaysia to overseas entities for
           the year ended 31 December 2019 (2018: the Group’s Malaysian subsidiary has paid tax at a flat rate of
           RM20,000 (equivalent to RMB33,000) under the Labuan Business Activity Tax Act 1990).


                                                                          CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          146
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2019
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




      10. INCOME TAX EXPENSE - continued

            Note: - continued

                  (c)    Hong Kong Profits Tax

                  On 21 March 2018, the Hong Kong Legislative Council passed The Inland Revenue (Amendment) (No.
                  7) Bill 2017 (the “Bill”) which introduces the two-tiered profits tax rates regime. The Bill was signed into
                  law on 28 March 2018 and was gazetted on the following day. Under the two-tiered profits tax rates
                  regime, the first HK$2 million of profits of the qualifying group entity will be taxed at 8.25%, and profits
                  above HK$2 million will be taxed at 16.5%, while only one entity nominated by a group of “connected”
                  entities will be entitled to select the lower tax rate. The profits of group entities not elected/qualified for
                  the two-tiered profits tax rates regime will continue to be taxed at a flat rate of 16.5%.

            	The directors of the Company considered the amount involved upon implementation of the two-tiered
              profits tax rates regime as insignificant to the consolidated financial statements. Hong Kong Profits Tax
              is calculated at 16.5% of the estimated assessable profit for both years.

                  (d)	PRC Withholding Income Tax

                  PRC withholding income tax of 10% shall be levied on the dividend declared by the companies
                  established in the PRC to their foreign investors out of their profits earned after 1 January 2008. A lower
                  5% withholding rate may be applied when the immediate holding company of the PRC subsidiaries
                  are incorporated or operated in Hong Kong and fulfil the requirements to the tax treaty arrangements
                  between the PRC and Hong Kong.

                  (e)	Overseas Income tax

                  The company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited liability
                  under the Companies Law, Cap.22 of Cayman Islands and accordingly, is exempted from the Cayman
                  Islands Income Tax. According to prevailing regulations in Dubai, no income tax is imposed on the
                  Company’s subsidiaries in Dubai.

                  (f)	Macau Complementary Income Tax

                  Macau Complementary Income Tax is calculated at the progressive rate on the estimated assessable
                  profits. The maximum tax rate is 12% for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 2018.




147   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     (CONTINUED)
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




10. INCOME TAX EXPENSE - continued
   The tax charge for the year can be reconciled to the ‘profit before tax’ per the consolidated statement of profit
   or loss and other comprehensive income as follows:



                                                                                       2019                 2018
                                                                                    RMB’000              RMB’000

   Profit before tax                                                               2,487,698            2,006,374


   Tax at the applicable tax rate (Note)                                             621,925              501,594
   Tax effect of share of results of associates                                       (28,574)             (20,714)
   Tax effect of expenses that are not deductible in
    determining taxable profit                                                        45,982               39,595
   Tax effect of income that is not taxable in
    determining taxable profit                                                         (2,353)                (247)
   Tax effect of offshore income that is not taxable in
    determining taxable profit                                                        (68,623)                   -
   Tax effect of tax losses not recognised                                                106                4,685
   Tax effect of deductible temporary differences
    not recognised                                                                      1,954               10,307
   Tax effect of tax concession                                                       (81,004)             (74,982)
   Effect on different applicable tax rates of subsidiaries                           (13,119)               (2,462)
   Effect of tax benefit arising from Labuan Tax Act                                         -           (299,051)
   Effect of taxable profit that is not taxable in Dubai                              (22,106)                    -
   Underprovision in prior years                                                        7,975                   399
   Utilisation of tax losses previously not recognised                                     (73)                   -
   Withholding tax levied on Malaysian subsidiaries                                    41,665                     -
   Additional tax obligation arising from Malaysian
    Income Tax Act                                                                    28,687                     -
   Others                                                                               (438)                2,652

   Income tax expense for the year                                                   532,004              161,776


   Note:	The applicable PRC EIT rate of 25% (2018: 25%) is the prevailing tax rate applicable to Shenzhen
         Kangzhe Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Shenzhen Kangzhe”), a major operating subsidiary of the Group.




                                                                         CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         148
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2019
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




      11. PROFIT FOR THE YEAR
                                                                                            2019                2018
                                                                                         RMB’000             RMB’000
            Profit for the year has been arrived at after charging:

            Directors’ remuneration
             Fees                                                                           1,146               1,062
             Salaries and other benefits                                                    8,652               7,492
             Contribution to retirement benefits schemes                                      185                 131
                                                                                            9,983               8,685
            Other staff costs                                                             604,816             508,973
            Contribution to retirement benefits schemes                                    43,608              42,921
            Employee benefits expense (note 42)                                            14,000               9,000
            Total staff costs                                                             672,407             569,579
            Auditor’s remuneration                                                          3,186               2,673
            Impairment loss on intangible assets                                            4,730                   -
            Impairment loss on deposits paid for acquisition
             of intangible assets                                                             963                   -
            Written off for inventories (included in cost of goods sold)                    2,948              34,471
            Release of prepaid lease payments                                                   -               1,745
            Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                  32,181              32,743
            Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                             9,557                   -
            Amortisation of intangible assets (included in cost of goods sold)            162,317             166,251
            Cost of inventories recognised as an expense                                1,349,705           1,310,321



      12. DIVIDENDS

                                                                                            2019                2018
                                                                                         RMB’000             RMB’000
            Dividends paid

            Dividends recognised as distributions during the year:
             2019 Interim - RMB 0.1883(2018: 2018 interim dividend
               RMB0.1536) per share                                                       467,061             382,041
             2018 Final - RMB0.1434 (2018: 2017 final dividend
               RMB0.1393) per share                                                       355,691             346,474
                                                                                          822,752             728,515


            Dividends proposed

            Dividends proposed during the year:
             2019 final - RMB0.1271 (2018: 2018 final dividend of
               RMB0.1434) per share                                                       315,260             355,691


            The Board of Directors have declared a final dividend of RMB0.1271 per ordinary share for the year ended 31
            December 2019 (2018: RMB0.1434 per ordinary share).


149   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                (CONTINUED)
                                                                                    FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




13. EARNINGS PER SHARE

   The calculation of the basic earnings per share attributable to owners of the Company is based on the following
   data:

                                                                                                 2019                     2018
                                                                                              RMB’000                  RMB’000
   Earnings for the purposes of basic earnings per share
    (profit attributable to owners of the Company)                                           1,960,712                 1,849,883

                                                                                           Number of ordinary shares
                                                                                             as at 31 December
                                                                                                 2019                      2018
   Weighted average number of ordinary shares
    for the purpose of basic earnings per share                                          2,480,408,512           2,486,146,033



   The Group has no outstanding potential ordinary shares as at 31 December 2019 and 2018 and during the
   years ended 31 December 2019 and 2018. Therefore, no diluted earnings per share is presented.


14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                                                                       Furniture,
                                                                                        fixtures
                                                Leasehold Plant and       Motor            and        Construction
                                Buildings     improvement machinery      vehicles     equipment       in progress       Total
                                RMB’000          RMB’000   RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000
   COST
   At 1 January 2018              298,097           27,329   183,408       27,398          20,327          30,640       587,199
   Additions                           231          19,360      2,108        8,756           2,432            968         33,855
   Disposals                        (2,876)              -     (9,218)      (1,329)         (1,237)              -       (14,660)
   Transfer                        20,208                -         49            -              30        (20,287)             -

   At 31 December 2018            315,660           46,689   176,347       34,825          21,552          11,321       606,394
   Additions                        13,487           1,248     1,750         2,028           7,056         11,977         37,546
   Disposals                       (23,697)              -        (17)      (3,074)         (1,824)              -       (28,612)
   Transfer                            122               -       770             -               -            (892)            -

   At 31 December 2019            305,572           47,937   178,850       33,779          26,784          22,406       615,328

   ACCUMULATED
    DEPRECIATION
   At 1 January 2018               40,070            2,000    35,872       20,137          10,040                -      108,119
   Provided for the year           11,893            3,585    12,955         2,672           1,638               -        32,743
   Eliminated on disposals          (1,621)              -     (8,738)      (1,200)         (1,177)              -       (12,736)

   At 31 December 2018              50,342           5,585    40,089       21,609          10,501                -      128,126
   Provided for the year            11,655           3,901    11,635         3,543           1,447               -        32,181
   Eliminated on disposals         (13,419)              -        (16)      (2,767)         (1,678)              -       (17,880)

   At 31 December 2019             48,578            9,486    51,708       22,385          10,270                -      142,427

   CARRYING VALUES
   At 31 December 2019            256,994           38,451   127,142       11,394          16,514          22,406       472,901

   At 31 December 2018            265,318           41,104   136,258       13,216          11,051          11,321       478,268


                                                                               CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED                150
                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2019
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




      14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT - continued
            The above items of property, plant and equipment are depreciated over their estimated useful lives as follows:

            Buildings                                               Over the shorter of the lease terms, or 20/40 years
            Leasehold improvement                                   Over the shorter of the lease terms, or 10 years
            Plant and machinery                                     5 to 10 years
            Motor vehicles                                          5 years
            Furniture, fixtures and equipment                       5 years

            The Group has pledged property, plant and equipment with a net book value of approximately RMB69,838,000
            (2018: RMB73,247,000) to secure certain bank borrowings and banking facilities granted to the Group.


      15. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS
                                                                    Leasehold
                                                                      land               Building             Total
                                                                    RMB’000              RMB’000             RMB’000
            As at 1 January 2019
            Carrying amount                                                63,545                9,499              73,044


            As at 31 December 2019
            Carrying amount                                                45,593              19,393               64,986


            For the year ended 31 December 2019
            Depreciation charge                                             1,291                8,266               9,557


            Expense relating to short-term leases
             with lease terms end within 12 months of the date
             of initial application of IFRS 16                                                                         392


            Total cash outflow for leases                                                                            (9,486)


            Disposal of right-of-use assets                                                                        (16,661)


            Additions to right-of-use assets                                                                        18,160


            For both years, the Group leases offices premises and warehouses for its operations. For the year ended 31
            December 2019, lease contracts are entered into for fixed term of 1 year to 5 years (2018: 1 year to 5 years)
            with fixed payment. The Group does not have the option to purchase the leased properties for a nominal
            amount at the end of the relevant lease terms or any extension/termination options which are solely at the
            Group’s discretion. The Group’s obligations are secured by the rental deposits for such leases. Lease terms
            are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. The Group
            determines the lease period to be the non-cancellable period based on the contractual terms of the contract.


151   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     (CONTINUED)
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




15. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS - continued
   In addition, the Group owns several industrial buildings and office buildings. The Group is the registered owner
   of these property interests, including the underlying leasehold lands. Lump sum payments were made upfront
   to acquire these property interests. The leasehold land components of these owned properties are presented
   separately only if the payments made can be allocated reliably.

   As at 31 December 2019, the Group has pledged right-of-use assets with a net book value of
   approximately RMB15,904,000 to secure general banking facilities granted to the Group.

   The Group regularly entered into short-term leases for offices premises and warehouses. As at 31 December
   2019, the portfolio of short-term leases is similar to the portfolio of short-term leases to which the short-term
   lease expense disclosed in note 15.

   All the Group’s leasehold lands represented prepaid land use right, are located in the PRC.


16. PREPAID LEASE PAYMENTS
                                                                                                              2018
                                                                                                           RMB’000

   Analysed for reporting purposes as:

   Current asset (included in trade and other receivables)                                                   1,878
   Non-current assets                                                                                       61,667

                                                                                                            63,545



   As at 31 December 2018, the Group has pledged leasehold land with a net book value of approximately
   RMB28,289,000 to secure general banking facilities granted to the Group.

   All the Group’s prepaid lease payments represented prepaid land use right, are located in the PRC.

   The entire prepaid lease payments have been transferred to the right-of-use assets upon application of IFRS 16
   (note 2.1)

17. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES
                                                                                        2019                 2018
                                                                                     RMB’000              RMB’000

   Cost of investments in associates
    Listed outside Hong Kong                                                        2,304,356             2,304,356
    Unlisted                                                                           11,536                11,536

   Share of post-acquisition profits and other comprehensive
    income, net of dividends received                                                 274,267              175,586

                                                                                    2,590,159             2,491,478


   Fair value of listed investment (note)                                           2,116,334             1,952,267



                                                                         CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         152
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2019
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




      17. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES - continued
            Note:	As at 31 December 2019, the fair value of the Group’s interest in its listed associate, Tibet
                  Pharmaceutical, of which its shares are listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, was approximately
                  RMB2,116 million (2018: approximately RMB1,952 million) based on the quoted market price available
                  on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, which is a level 1 input in terms of IFRS 13 Fair Value Measurement.

            As at 31 December 2019 and 2018, details of the associates are as follows:

                                                                               Proportion of
                                             Place of      Principal        ownership interest
                                          establishment/    place of           /voting rights
              Name of associates          incorporation    business         held by the Group          Principal activities
                                                                            2019           2018

            Ophol Limited (“Ophol”)         Hong Kong      Hong Kong       24.49%        24.49%     Investment holding and
                                                                                                      provision of agency
                                                                                                      service

            Tibet Pharmaceutical (note)       Tibet          Tibet         37.36%        36.83%     Production of
                                                                                                     medicines and sale
                                                                                                     of drugs

            Note: During the year ended 31 December 2019, Tibet Pharmaceutical repurchased an aggregate of
                  2,520,746 ordinary shares. After the repurchase, the proportion of ownership interest held by the
                  Group increased from 36.83% to 37.36%. As at 31 December 2019, the Group holds an aggregate
                  of 66,156,114 (2018: 66,156,114) ordinary shares of Tibet Pharmaceutical. As the Group is able to
                  exercise significant influence over Tibet Pharmaceutical in both years, it is accounted for as an associate
                  of the Group. Included in the cost of investment in Tibet Pharmaceutical as at 31 December 2019, there
                  is a goodwill of approximately RMB1,654,481,000 (2018: RMB1,654,481,000).

                   At 31 December 2019, the impairment review is determined based on cash flow projections which
                   were derived from the financial budgets approved by management covering a five-year period, with a
                   discount rate of 14.4% (2018: 12.4%). Tibet Pharmaceutical’s cash flows beyond the five-year period
                   are extrapolated using a growth rate of 3% (2018: 3%). This growth rate is based on management’s
                   best estimate and past experience on the industry.

                   In the opinion of the directors of the Company, as the recoverable amount based on the value in use
                   calculation is higher than the carrying amount at the end of both reporting periods, no impairment loss
                   was recognised for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 2018. Details of the assumptions used in
                   the impairment assessment of interest in Tibet Pharmaceutical are disclosed in note 4.

            Summarised financial information of associates

            Summarised financial information in respect of each of the Group’s associates is set out below. The
            summarised financial information below represents amounts shown in the associate’s financial statements
            prepared in accordance with IFRSs.

            All of these associates are accounted for using the equity method in these consolidated financial statements.



153   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                    (CONTINUED)
                                                                                       FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




17. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES - continued
   Summarised financial information of associates - continued

   Tibet Pharmaceutical

                                                                                                31.12.2019              31.12.2018
                                                                                                  RMB’000                 RMB’000

   Current assets                                                                                1,341,035               1,087,632


   Non-current assets                                                                            1,426,197               1,444,420


   Current liabilities                                                                             (309,846)               (261,268)


   Non-current liabilities                                                                          (10,595)                (13,627)

                                                                                                     2019                    2018
                                                                                                  RMB’000                 RMB’000

   Revenue                                                                                       1,256,022               1,027,879


   Profit for the year                                                                             317,370                 218,088


   Other comprehensive income for the year                                                          23,728                   62,821


   Total comprehensive income for the year                                                         341,098                 280,909


   Dividends received from the associate during the year                                            24,477                   25,470


   Reconciliation of the above summarised financial information to the carrying amount of the interest in the associate recognised in
   the consolidated financial statements.

                                                                                                31.12.2019              31.12.2018
                                                                                                  RMB’000                 RMB’000

   Net assets of Tibet Pharmaceutical                                                            2,446,791               2,257,157
   Non-controlling interests                                                                         (9,730)                 (4,681)

                                                                                                 2,437,061               2,252,476
   Proportion of the Group’s ownership interest in
    Tibet Pharmaceutical                                                                           37.36%                   36.83%

                                                                                                   910,486                 829,587
   Goodwill                                                                                      1,654,481               1,654,481
   Effect of fair value adjustment at acquisition                                                   32,861                  32,861
   Effect of deferred tax relating to fair value adjustment
    at acquisition                                                                                   (8,215)                  (8,215)
   Other adjustments                                                                                    538                 (17,244)

   Carrying amount of the Group’s interest in Tibet
    Pharmaceutical                                                                               2,590,151               2,491,470


                                                                                   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED                154
                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2019
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




      17. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES - continued
            Summarised financial information of associates - continued

            Ophol

                                                                                                         31.12.2019              31.12.2018
                                                                                                           RMB’000                 RMB’000

            Current assets                                                                                        45                      45


            Current liabilities                                                                                  (14)                     (13)


                                                                                                              2019                    2018
                                                                                                           RMB’000                 RMB’000

            Revenue                                                                                                -                      72


            (Loss) profit for the year                                                                             (2)                    72


            Other comprehensive income for the year                                                                1                     128


            Total comprehensive (expense) income for the year                                                      (1)                   200


            Dividends received from the associate during the year                                                  -                   1,463


            Reconciliation of the above summarised financial information to the carrying amount of the interest in the associate recognised in
            the consolidated financial statements.


                                                                                                         31.12.2019              31.12.2018
                                                                                                           RMB’000                 RMB’000

            Net assets of Ophol                                                                                  31                       32
            Proportion of the Group’s ownership interest in Ophol                                           24.49%                   24.49%

            Carrying amount of the Group’s interest in Ophol                                                       8                       8




155   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                (CONTINUED)
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




18. INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                               Exclusive
                                              distribution       Patent         Product
                                                 rights          rights           rights          Total
                                               RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                 (Note a        (Note b)         (Note c)
                                               & Note b(i))
   COST
   At 1 January 2018
    and 31 December 2018                          2,111,920         320,431         800,556        3,232,907
   Addition                                               -               -          72,100           72,100

   At 31 December 2019                            2,111,920         320,431         872,656        3,305,007

   AMORTISATION
   At 1 January 2018                                239,049          98,369         155,163          492,581
   Charge for the year                              103,402          23,960          38,889          166,251

   At 31 December 2018                              342,451         122,329         194,052          658,832
   Charge for the year                              102,124          18,964          41,229          162,317

   At 31 December 2019                              444,575         141,293         235,281          821,149

   IMPAIRMENT LOSS
   At 1 January 2018
    and 31 December 2018                             20,000                -                -         20,000
   Charge for the year                                4,730                -                -          4,730

   At 31 December 2019                               24,730                -                -         24,730

   CARRYING VALUES
   At 31 December 2019                            1,642,615         179,138         637,375        2,459,128

   At 31 December 2018                            1,749,469         198,102         606,504        2,554,075


   Notes:

   (a)      Exclusive distribution rights

            (i)	On 9 March 2008, the Group entered into an exclusive distribution agreement and a
                supplementary agreement (the “XinHuoSu Agreements”) with Tibet Pharmaceutical in connection
                to a finished drug product (Lyophilized Recombinant Human Brain Natriuretic Peptide) which was
                distributed in the PRC market under the trade name of XinHuoSu for a term of three years with
                effect from 1 July 2008 to 30 June 2011.




                                                                      CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED      156
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2019
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




      18. INTANGIBLE ASSETS - continued

            Notes: - continued

            (a)   Exclusive distribution rights - continued

                  (i)    - continued

                  	Pursuant to the XinHuoSu Agreements, the Group obtained the exclusive distribution right of
                    XinHuoSu for nil consideration and committed to handle the Phase IV clinical trials of XinHuoSu
                    for 2,000 cases in the PRC to meet the drug safety standards set by the China Food and Drug
                    Administration. The drug, XinHuoSu, to be used in the 2,000 case clinical trials would be
                    provided by Tibet Pharmaceutical free of charge. All other costs of the 2,000 case clinical trials
                    should be borne by the Group.

                         In the opinion of the directors of the Company, the Group obtained the exclusive distribution
                         right of XinHuoSu on the basis that the Group should complete the clinical trials of XinHuoSu
                         and would bear all the costs of the clinical trials. Therefore, the costs incurred in clinical trials of
                         approximately RMB4,745,000 were capitalised as an intangible asset.

                  	As at 31 December 2011, the exclusive distribution right was fully amortised.

                  (ii)   On 23 August 2012, the Group entered into a product rights transfer agreement (the
                         “Agreement”) with 北京亞東生物製藥有限公司 (Beijing Yadong Biopharmaceutical Co.,
                         Ltd.) (“Beijing Yadong”), an independent third party. According to the Agreement, Tianjin
                         Kangzhe purchased from Beijing Yadong the exclusive distribution rights of three Traditional
                         Chinese Medicinal Products - Yin Lian Qing Gan Ke Li, Xiang Fu Yi Xue Kou Fu Ye, Ma Jiang
                         Jiao Nang (collectively referred to as “Three Products”) for a term of 20 years with effect
                         from 23 August 2012 at a consideration of RMB33,000,000. Tianjin Kangzhe exclusively
                         promotes and sells the Three Products in the PRC and Beijing Yadong is responsible for the
                         production of the Three Products as required by Tianjin Kangzhe and sells the Three Products
                         exclusively to Tianjin Kangzhe.


                         During the year ended 31 December 2016, as the market base of Three Products was relatively
                         weak and the actual sales of Three Products was lower than previously expected, there was
                         an impairment indicator. Management performed an impairment assessment by estimating the
                         recoverable amount of Three Products. The recoverable amount of Three Products had been
                         determined from a value in use, based on the expected free cash flow up to the end of the
                         exclusive distribution right at a discount rate of 11%. The recoverable amount of approximately
                         RMB5,850,000 was lower than the carrying amount of approximately RMB25,850,000, an
                         impairment loss of RMB20,000,000 was recognised for the year ended 31 December 2016.




157   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                  (CONTINUED)
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




18. INTANGIBLE ASSETS - continued

   Notes: - continued

   (a)   Exclusive distribution rights - continued

         (ii)   - continued

                During the year ended 31 December 2019, the management considers that there is an
                impairment indicator on the carrying amount of Three Products as the actual sales of Three
                Products was lower than previously expected. Management performed an impairment
                assessment by estimating the recoverable amount of Three Products. The recoverable amount of
                Three products has been determined from a value in use, based on the expected free cash flow
                up to the end of the exclusive distribution right as at a discount rate of 11% and an impairment
                loss of RMB4,730,000 (2018: nil) was recognised for the year ended 31 December 2019.

         	As at 31 December 2019, the exclusive distribution rights are fully impaired (2018 carrying
           amount: RMB5,103,000).

         (iii)	On 26 February 2016, the Group entered into an exclusive license agreement with AstraZeneca
               AB, an independent third party, pursuant to which AstraZeneca AB granted an exclusive license
               to the Group for the commercialisation of Plendil (Felodipine Sustained Release Tablet) in the
               PRC, at a consideration of US$310,000,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB2,029,012,000).
               US$155,000,000 had been paid in 2016 and the remaining balance of US$155,000,000 had
               been paid in 2017. As at 31 December 2019, the carrying amount of the exclusive distribution
               right was approximately RMB1,640,118,000 (2018: RMB1,741,569,000).

         	Under the exclusive license agreement, the Group has agreed to meet certain pre-agreed annual
           sales target in relation to the sales of Pendil in the PRC for the first three years of the term of
           the exclusive license agreement from years ended 31 December 2016 to 2018, and the sales
           target had been reached. No additional annual sales target is required under the exclusive license
           agreement during the year ended 31 December 2019.

         	The expected useful life of the exclusive license right is 20 years.

   (b)   Acquisition of exclusive distribution rights and patent rights

         (i)	The Group acquired 100% of equity interest in Great Move Enterprises Limited (“Great Move”)
              and 51% of equity interest in Guangxi Kangzhe Guangming Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Kangzhe
              Guangming”) on 3 April 2011 and 30 April 2011, respectively. This included the acquisition of
              exclusive distribution rights and patent rights for the sales of several products. The exclusive
              distribution rights and patent rights were measured at their fair values at the date of acquisition
              and the valuation of the intangible assets was performed by Vigers Appraisal & Consulting
              Limited, an independent valuer.




                                                                          CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED     158
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2019
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




      18. INTANGIBLE ASSETS - continued

            Notes: - continued

            (b)	Acquisition of exclusive distribution rights and patent rights - continued

                  (i)    - continued

                         The fair value of the patent rights at the date of acquisition was determined based on the royalty
                         rate method by capitalising future royalty income which a market participant would be willing to
                         pay to use the patents for the remaining term of the patent right. The fair value of the exclusive
                         distribution rights at the date of acquisition was determined based on the multi-period excess
                         earnings method by capitalising future cash flows derived from the intangible assets for the
                         remaining term of the distribution rights.

                  	As at the acquisition date, the major patent rights owned by Tianjin Kangzhe, the wholly
                    owned subsidiary of Great Move, represented YiNuoShu and ShaDuoLiKa amounting to
                    RMB137,917,000 and RMB8,287,000, respectively and the exclusive distribution rights owned by
                    Tianjin Kangzhe amounted to RMB39,350,000. As at 31 December 2019, the carrying amounts
                    of patent rights of YiNuoShu and ShaDuoLiKa and exclusive distribution rights owned by Tianjin
                    Kangzhe were approximately RMB66,027,000, nil and nil, respectively (2018: RMB74,455,000,
                    nil and nil).

                  	The Group also acquired the exclusive distribution right and patent right of XiDaKang amounting
                    to RMB5,813,000 and RMB7,715,000, respectively through the acquisition of a former subsidiary,
                    Kangzhe Guangming. As at 31 December 2019, the carrying amount of the exclusive distribution
                    right and patent right of XiDaKang were approximately RMB2,497,000 and RMB1,939,000,
                    respectively (2018: RMB2,797,000 and RMB2,169,000).

                  	The expected useful lives of the exclusive distribution rights and patent rights are ranging from 1
                    year to 17 years.

                  (ii)	On 27 December 2013, the Group entered into a transfer agreement with the shareholders of
                       non-controlling interests of Kangzhe Guangming (the “Sellers”) in connection with the transfer of
                       the patent right of XiDaKang at a consideration of RMB40,000,000. The Sellers, who directly held
                       49% equity interest of Kangzhe Guangming, agreed to transfer the 49% interest in the patent right
                       of XiDaKang to Kangzhe Hunan, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. The consideration
                       will be settled by the first payment of RMB30,000,000 and annual payment of RMB1,000,000 to
                       the Sellers over the next ten years. The directors of the Company recognised the payable as a
                       deferred consideration payable (see note 30) in the amount of RMB6,145,000 at initial recognition
                       which represents the present value of the annual consideration of RMB1,000,000 over next ten
                       years discounted at 10%. Pursuant to the transfer agreement, the 51% interest in the patent
                       right of XiDaKang was also transferred from Kangzhe Guangming to Kangzhe Hunan. Starting
                       from 27 December 2013, Kangzhe Hunan has replaced Kangzhe Guangming as the patent
                       right owner of XiDaKang. As at 31 December 2019, the carrying amount was approximately
                       RMB21,016,000 (2018: RMB23,540,000).

                  	The expected useful lives of the patent right is 14 years.


159   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    (CONTINUED)
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




18. INTANGIBLE ASSETS - continued

   Notes: - continued

   (b)   Acquisition of exclusive distribution rights and patent rights - continued

         (iii)	The Group acquired 100% of equity interest in Kangzhe Lengshuijiang Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
                (formerly known as Sinopharm Traditional Chinese Medicine Lengshuijiang Pharmaceutical Co.,
                Ltd.) (“Kangzhe Lengshuijiang”) on 28 February 2013. This included the acquisition of the patent
                right of GanFuLe. The patent right was measured at their fair values at the date of acquisition and
                the valuation of the intangible assets was performed by Vigers Appraisal & Consulting Limited, an
                independent valuer.

         	The fair value of the patent right at the date of acquisition was determined based on the royalty
           rate method by capitalising future royalty income which a market participant would be willing to
           pay to use the patents for the remaining term of the patent right. As at the acquisition date, the
           patent right of GanFule owned by Kangzhe Lengshuijiang amounted to RMB16,005,000.

                During the year ended 31 December 2016, Kangzhe Lengshuijiang was deregistered and merged
                with Kangzhe Hunan. The assets and liabilities held by Kangzhe Lengshuijiang were transferred
                to Kangzhe Hunan at the time of merger and Kangzhe Hunan is responsible for the production of
                GanFuLe after the merger. As at 31 December 2019, the carrying amount of the patent right of
                GanFuLe was approximately RMB6,697,000 (2018: RMB8,059,000).

         	The expected useful live of the patent right is 11 years.

         (iv)	The Group acquired 52.01% of equity interest in Hebei Xinglong Xili Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
               (“Xili Pharmaceutical”) on 16 February 2015. This included the acquisition of the patent right of
               DanShenTong. The patent right was measured at their fair values at the date of acquisition and
               the valuation of the intangible assets was performed by Vigers Appraisal & Consulting Limited, an
               independent valuer.

         	The fair value of the patent right at the date of acquisition was determined based on the royalty
           rate method by capitalising future royalty income which a market participant would be willing to
           pay to use the patents for the remaining term of the patent right. As at the acquisition date, the
           patent right of DanShenTong owned by Xili Pharmaceutical, amounted to RMB114,489,000.
           As at 31 December 2019, the carrying amount was approximately RMB83,459,000 (2018:
           RMB89,879,000).

         	The expected useful live of the patent right is 18 years.




                                                                          CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED       160
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2019
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




      18. INTANGIBLE ASSETS - continued

            Notes: - continued

            (c)   Acquisition of product rights

                  (i)	On 1 July 2014, the Group entered into a series of agreements related to Stulln with an
                       independent third party, Pharma Stulln GmbH (“Pharma”) in connection with the transfer of
                       all assets related to Stulln for the Chinese market (including Hong Kong and Macau Special
                       Administration Regions (“SAR”)), including but not limited to the right of manufacturing
                       Stulln for the Chinese market, marketing authorisation for the Chinese market and relevant
                       intellectual property rights, including trademark in Chinese characters and know-how of Stulln,
                       and has been licensed the exclusive right to utilise the trademark in English characters, at a
                       consideration of EUR10,000,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB72,317,000). During the
                       year ended 31 December 2014, the residual balance of the exclusive agency right of Stulln of
                       approximately RMB14,625,000 was transferred to product right accordingly. As at 31 December
                       2019, the carrying amount of the product right was approximately RMB55,334,000 (2018:
                       RMB59,150,000), which included a deferred consideration payable (see note 30) in the amount of
                       approximately EUR1,000,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB7,815,000 (2018: EUR1,909,000
                       (equivalent to approximately RMB14,981,000)), which represented the present value of the annual
                       consideration of EUR1,000,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB7,307,000) over next one
                       (2018: two) years discounted at 10%.

                  	The expected useful life of the product right is 20 years.

                  (ii)	On 17 December 2014, the Group entered into a series of agreements related to Lamisil Tablet
                       and Parlodel Tablet (the “Products”) with two independent third parties, Novartis AG and Novartis
                       Pharma AG, the suppliers of the Products in Switzerland in connection with the transfer of
                       all assets related to the Products, including the drug production license of Lamisil Tablet, co-
                       marketing authorisation in Switzerland and imported drug license in China of Parlodel Tablet,
                       all know-how, books and records, commercial and medical information exclusively to the
                       Products for Chinese market (For Lamisil Tablet, Chinese market refers to Chinese Mainland;
                       For Parlodel Tablet, Chinese market refers to Chinese Mainland and Hong Kong SAR and
                       Taiwan), at a consideration of US$25,000,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB152,972,000).
                       As at 31 December 2019, the carrying amount was approximately RMB121,755,000 (2018:
                       RMB129,872,000).

                  	The expected useful life of the product rights is 20 years.




161   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                       (CONTINUED)
                                                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




18. INTANGIBLE ASSETS - continued

   Notes: - continued

   (c)   Acquisition of product rights - continued

         (iii)   On 25 March 2015, the Group entered into a series of agreements related to Combizym and
                 Hirudoid (the “Purchased Products”) with an independent third party, DKSH International AG, in
                 connection with the purchase of (i) all trademarks regarding the Purchased Products; (ii) all market
                 authorisations or similar licenses, certificates or approvals regarding the Purchased Products
                 and all rights, benefits or other interests obtained; (iii) the exclusive right and title to develop,
                 manufacture, register, apply for registration, import, market, distribute, sell or otherwise use and/
                 or exploit the Purchased Products; and (iv) all books and records, commercial information and
                 medical information related to the Purchased Products, with respect to Combizym in China,
                 Hong Kong and Switzerland, and certain other designated countries or areas in Asia, and with
                 respect to Hirudoid in China, at a consideration of Swiss Franc (“CHF”) 76,600,000 (equivalent
                 to approximately RMB486,019,000). As at 31 December 2019, the carrying amount was
                 approximately RMB391,791,000 (2018: RMB417,482,000).

                 The expected useful life of the product rights is 20 years.

         (iv)    On 30 December 2014, the Group entered into an agreement related to Movicol (the “Product”)
                 with an independent third party, Norgine B.V., in connection with the purchase of the right to
                 import, register, market, distribute, promote and sell the Product in the PRC including Hong
                 Kong and Macau (the “Product Right”), at a consideration of EUR9,000,000 (equivalent to
                 approximately RMB72,100,000), and such consideration has been recognised as deposit paid for
                 acquisition of intangible asset as the Product is still under approval by the regulatory body. During
                 the year ended 31 December 2019, the commercialisation of the Product has been approved
                 by relevant regulatory body and therefore, the deposit has been transferred to intangible assets
                 as it is probable that the expected future economic benefits that are attributable to the Product
                 Right will flow to the Group. As at 31 December 2019, the carrying amount was approximately
                 RMB68,495,000 (2018: Nil).

                 The expected useful life of the product rights is 20 years.




                                                                          CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          162
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2019
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




      19. GOODWILL

      	For the purposes of impairment testing, the entire amount of goodwill has been allocated to five (2018: five)
        CGUs, representing five (2018: five) subsidiaries, namely Tianjin Kangzhe, Kangzhe Hunan, Sky United Trading
        Limited (“Sky United”), Xili Pharmaceutical and Tibet Kangzhe Development (2018: Tianjin Kangzhe, Kangzhe
        Hunan, Sky United Trading Limited (“Sky United”), Xili Pharmaceutical and Tibet Kangzhe Development). Tianjin
        Kangzhe is engaged in marketing, promotion and sale of drugs. Sky United and Tibet Kangzhe Development
        are engaged in trading of drugs. Kangzhe Hunan and Xili Pharmaceutical are engaged in production of
        medicines. The carrying amounts of goodwill as at 31 December 2019 and 2018 allocated to these units are
        as follows:


                                                                                           2019                2018
                                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000

            Tianjin Kangzhe                                                             1,160,333           1,160,333
            Kangzhe Hunan                                                                  21,295              21,295
            Sky United                                                                      2,963               2,963
            Xili Pharmaceutical                                                           198,090             198,090
            Tibet Kangzhe Development                                                       1,854               1,854

                                                                                        1,384,535           1,384,535


      	The recoverable amounts of Tianjin Kangzhe, Kangzhe Hunan, Sky United, Xili Pharmaceutical and Tibet
        Kangzhe Development are determined based on value in use calculations. The key assumptions for the value
        in use calculations are those regarding the discount rates, growth rates and expected changes to selling prices
        and direct costs during the year. Management estimates discount rates using pre-tax rates that reflect current
        market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the CGUs. The growth rates are
        based on industry growth forecasts. Changes in selling prices and direct costs are based on past performance
        and expectations of future changes in the market.

            During the years ended 31 December 2019 and 2018, no impairment loss was recognised.

            Tianjin Kangzhe

      	At 31 December 2019, the impairment review is determined based on cash flow projections which were derived
        from the financial budgets approved by management covering a five-year period, with a discount rate of 12.3%
        (2018: 11%). Tianjin Kangzhe’s cash flows beyond the five-year period are extrapolated using a growth rate
        of 3% (2018: 5%). This growth rate is based on management’s best estimate and past experience on the
        industry.




163   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                (CONTINUED)
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




19. GOODWILL - continued
      Kangzhe Hunan

	At 31 December 2019, the impairment review is determined based on cash flow projections which were derived
  from the financial budgets approved by management covering a five-year period, with a discount rate of 11.9%
  (2018: 11%). Kangzhe Hunan’s cash flows beyond the five-year period are extrapolated using a growth rate
  of 3% (2018: 4%). This growth rate is based on management’s best estimate and past experience on the
  industry.

      Xili Pharmaceutical

	At 31 December 2019, the impairment review is determined based on cash flow projections which were
  derived from the financial budgets approved by management covering a five-year period, with a discount rate
  of 13.5% (2018: 11%). Xili Pharmaceutical’s cash flows beyond the five-year period are extrapolated using a
  growth rate of 3% (2018: 5%). This growth rate is based on management’s best estimate and past experience
  on the industry.

	The goodwill of Sky United and Tibet Kangzhe Development was immaterial as at the end of both reporting
  periods.


20. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR
    LOSS/EQUITY INSTRUMENTS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER
    COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
      (a)    Financial assets at FVTPL

                                                                                   2019                2018
                                                                                RMB’000             RMB’000

             Financial assets measured at FVTPL
             unlisted securities (note 40 (j))                                      2,736                   -

      (b)    Equity instruments at FVTOCI


                                                                                   2019                2018
                                                                                RMB’000             RMB’000

             Listed investments:
             Equity securities listed on
              London Stock Exchange Plc (the “LSE”) (Note a)                      34,136              10,279
             Unlisted investments:
             Equity securities (Note b)                                          235,568             230,953
             Total                                                               269,704             241,232



                                                                      CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED      164
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2019
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




      20 FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR
         LOSS/EQUITY INSTRUMENTS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER
         COMPREHENSIVE INCOME - continued
            (b)   Equity instruments at FVTOCI - continued

            	The directors of the Company have elected to designate these investments in equity instruments as at
              FVTOCI as they believe that recognising short-term fluctuations in these investments’ fair value in profit
              or loss would not be consistent with the Group’s strategy of holding these investments for long-term
              purposes and realising their performance potential in the long run.

            	Notes:

                  (a)	The listed equity investment represents ordinary shares of two (2018: one) entities listed on
                       LSE. These investments are not held for trading, instead, they are held for long-term strategic
                       purposes. The investments are denominated in British Pound (“GBP”) and the fair values are
                       based on the quoted market price. During the year ended 31 December 2019, the Group
                       invested in Midatech Pharma Plc (“Midatech”) for a consideration of approximately GBP4,000,000
                       (equivalent to RMB34,705,000) (note 40(i)), an loss on change in fair value of RMB14,523,000
                       (2018: RMB14,065,000) has been recognised in other comprehensive income.

                  (b)	The unlisted equity investments represent the Group’s equity interests in the following biotech/
                       pharmaceutical companies,

                         (1)	Acticor Biotech (“Acticor”), an European company for a consideration of EUR4,000,000
                              (note 40(d)), equivalent to RMB30,607,000 (2018: EUR4,000,000, equivalent to
                              RMB30,607,000);

                         (2)    Blueberry Therapeutics Limited (“Blueberry”), a British company for a consideration
                                of GBP5,000,000, equivalent to RMB44,771,000 (note 40(e)) (2018: GBP5,000,000,
                                equivalent to RMB44,771,000);

                         (3)	VAXIMM AG (“VAXIMM”), an European company for a consideration of approximately
                              EUR2,725,000, equivalent to RMB21,653,000 (note 40(h)) (with additional investment of
                              EUR225,000, equivalent to RMB1,742,000 during the year ended 31 December 2019)
                              (2018: EUR2,500,000, equivalent to RMB19,911,000); and

                         (4)	Neurelis, Inc. (“Neurelis”), an American company for a consideration of approximately
                             US$19,937,000, equivalent to RMB138,537,000 (with additional investment of
                             US$406,000, equivalent to RMB2,873,000 during the year ended 31 December 2019)
                             (2018: US$19,531,000, equivalent to RMB135,664,000) (note 40(g)).

                         The fair values of the above unlisted equity investments were performed by Vigers Appraisal &
                         Consulting Limited, a professional independent valuer. During the years ended 31 December
                         2019 and 2018, no change in fair value has been recognised in other comprehensive income.




165   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                      (CONTINUED)
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




21. INVENTORIES
                                                                                       2019                  2018
                                                                                    RMB’000               RMB’000

   Raw materials                                                                      11,283                16,015
   Work in progress                                                                   14,580                13,495
   Finished goods                                                                    381,195               405,151
                                                                                      407,058              434,661


22. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES AND PREPAYMENTS
                                                                                       2019                  2018
                                                                                    RMB’000               RMB’000

   Trade receivables                                                               1,010,198             1,290,530
   Less: Allowance for credit losses                                                   (8,336)               (9,828)
                                                                                   1,001,862             1,280,702
   Bills receivables                                                                 414,017               291,621
   Purchase prepayments                                                               73,039                70,978
   Prepaid lease payment                                                                   -                 1,878
   Other receivables and deposits                                                     96,806                73,575
                                                                                   1,585,724             1,718,754


   As at 1 January 2018, trade receivables from contracts with customers amounted to RMB1,003,640,000.

   The Group normally allows a credit period ranging from 0 to 90 days to its trade customers, but longer credit
   period up to four months is allowed to some selected customers.

   The following is an analysis of trade receivables by age, net of allowance for credit losses presented based on
   the dates of receipt of goods at the respective reporting dates, which approximate the revenue recognition
   dates and an analysis of bill receivables by age, net of allowance for credit losses, presented based on the bills
   issuance date at the end of the reporting period:

                                                                                       2019                  2018
                                                                                    RMB’000               RMB’000
   Trade receivables
    0 - 90 days                                                                      923,722             1,008,465
    91 - 365 days                                                                     78,140               272,237
                                                                                   1,001,862             1,280,702
   Bill receivables
    0 - 90 days                                                                      303,460               180,960
    91 - 120 days                                                                     29,524                37,752
    121 - 180 days                                                                    81,033                72,909
                                                                                     414,017               291,621


                                                                         CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          166
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2019
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




      22. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES AND PREPAYMENTS -continued
            As at 31 December 2019, total bills receivables amounting to RMB414,017,000 (2018: RMB291,621,000) are
            held by the Group. All bills receivables by the Group are with a maturity period of less than six months.

            As at 31 December 2019, included in the Group’s trade receivables balance are debtors with aggregate
            carrying amount of RMB93,057,000 (2018: RMB237,932,000) which are past due at the reporting date. Out
            of the past due balances, RMB70,103,000 (2018: RMB44,826,000) was aged 90 days or more and is not
            considered as in default. Based on the historical experiences of the Group, trade receivables past due are
            generally recoverable due to the long term relationship and good repayment record.

            The Group does not hold any collateral over these balances.

            Details of impairment assessment of trade and other receivables as at 31 December 2019 and 2018 are set out
            in note 36.


      23. DEPOSITS PAID FOR ACQUISITION OF INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                                                               2019                 2018
                                                                                            RMB’000              RMB’000

            Deposits paid for acquisition of intangible assets                               325,126               95,262


            Note: Included in the deposits paid for acquisition of intangible assets, approximately RMB303,775,000 has
                  been paid to Sun Pharmaceutical Industrial Ltd., an independent third party not connected with the
                  Group, for certain exclusive distribution rights of medical products to be approved by relevant regulatory
                  bodies for the sales in specific territories.

                   During the year ended 31 December 2019, the research on an intangible asset, of which the Group paid
                   deposit of RMB963,000 has been suspended. The management considers that such deposit is not
                   probable to be recovered and an impairment loss of RMB963,000 (2018: nil) was recognised in profit or
                   loss for the year ended 31 December 2019.


      24. AMOUNT DUE FROM AN ASSOCIATE
            As at 31 December 2019, the balance of approximately RMB31,816,000 (2018: RMB31,816,000) represented
            deposit to Tibet Pharmaceutical for exclusive distribution right.

            As at 31 December 2019, the balance of approximately RMB152,804,000 (2018: RMB137,749,000)
            represented promotion income receivables from Tibet Pharmaceutical. The Group allows a credit period of 90
            days to Tibet Pharmaceutical. The balance as at 31 December 2019 was aged within three months (2018:
            within three months) based on the invoice date.




167   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   (CONTINUED)
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




25. BANK BALANCES AND CASH
   The bank deposits carry interest at the prevailing market rate of approximately 0.35% to 2.75% (2018: 0.35%
   to 2.75%) per annum.

   Included in bank balances are the following amounts denominated in currencies other than functional currency
   of the relevant group entities:

                                                                                     2019                 2018
                                                                                  RMB’000              RMB’000

   Euro (“EUR”)                                                                      33,090               3,851
   Hong Kong Dollar (“HK$”)                                                          12,749               2,081
   United States Dollar (“US$”)                                                       2,927               5,462
   CHF                                                                                  717               2,547
   GBP                                                                                1,266              35,287



26. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
   An aging analysis of the trade payables presented based on the invoice date at the end of the reporting periods
   is as follows:

                                                                                     2019                 2018
                                                                                  RMB’000              RMB’000

   0 - 90 days                                                                       37,941             104,724
   91 - 365 days                                                                      4,762                   5
   Over 365 days                                                                      1,337               1,405

   Trade payables                                                                   44,040              106,134
   Payroll and welfare payables                                                    124,873              100,679
   Other tax payables                                                               67,186               51,252
   Accrued promotion expenses                                                       85,555               41,254
   Accruals                                                                         31,746               35,072
   Other payables                                                                   19,396               47,824


                                                                                   372,796              382,215


   The credit period on purchases of goods is ranging from 0 to 120 days.

   Included in trade and other payables are the following amounts denominated in currency other than functional
   currency of the relevant group entities:
                                                                                    2019                2018
                                                                                RMB’000             RMB’000

   EUR                                                                               10,012                9,635

                                                                        CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        168
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2019
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




      27. LEASE LIABILITIES
                                                                                                                    31/12/2019
                                                                                                                      RMB’000
            Lease liabilities payable:


            Within one year                                                                                               9,388
            Within a period of more than one year but not more than two years                                             6,382
            Within a period of more than two years but not more than five years                                           4,109

                                                                                                                         19,879
            Less: Amount due for settlement with 12 months shown under
                    current liabilities                                                                                   (9,388)

            Amount due for settlement after 12 months shown under
             non-current liabilities                                                                                     10,491



      28. CONTRACT LIABILITIES
                                                                                                   2019                  2018
                                                                                                RMB’000               RMB’000

            Receipts in advance from customers - finished goods                                    12,939                 5,469


            As at 1 January 2018, contract liabilities amounted to RMB6,457,000.

            The following table shows how much of the revenue recognised in the current year relates to carried-forward
            contract liabilities and how much relates to performance obligations that were satisfied in prior years.

                                                                                                   2019                  2018
                                                                                                RMB’000               RMB’000

            Revenue recognised that was included in the contract
             liability balance at the beginning of the year                                         5,469                 6,457


            When the Group receives a deposit from customers before the goods are delivered to and received by the
            customers, this will give rise to contract liabilities at the start of a contract, until the revenue recognised on the
            relevant contract exceeds the amount of the deposit.

            The significant increase in contract liabilities in current year was mainly due to the increase in the minimum
            balance of the receipt in advance from customers.




169   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                (CONTINUED)
                                                                       FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




29. BANK BORROWINGS
                                                                                 2019                2018
                                                                              RMB’000             RMB’000

   Bank loans                                                                  693,909            1,465,195

   Analysed as:

   Secured                                                                          10              105,000
   Unsecured                                                                   693,899            1,360,195

                                                                               693,909            1,465,195

                                                                                 2019                2018
                                                                              RMB’000             RMB’000

   The carrying amounts of the above borrowings are repayable*:
    Within one year                                                            693,909              25,000
    Within a period of more than one year but not
     exceeding two years                                                              -           1,440,195

                                                                               693,909            1,465,195

   Less: Amounts due within one year shown under current
    liabilities                                                                (693,909)            (25,000)

   Amounts shown under non-current liabilities                                        -           1,440,195

   *   The amounts due are based on scheduled repayment dates set out in the loan agreements.

   The ranges of effective interest rates (which are also equal to contractual interest rate) on the Group’s
   borrowings and their carrying values are as follows:
                                                                                 2019                2018
                                                                              RMB’000             RMB’000
   Fixed-rate borrowings
    Denominated in RMB (range from 5.22% to 5.23%
      per annum as at 31 December 2019 and range from
      5.22% to 5.23% per annum as at 31 December 2018)                               10            105,000

   Variable-rate borrowings (Note b)
    Denominated in US$ (3.53% as at 31 December 2019
     and 31 December 2018) (Note a)                                            693,899            1,360,195

   Total                                                                       693,909            1,465,195




                                                                    CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED      170
                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2019
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




      29. BANK BORROWINGS - continued
            Notes:

            (a)	Variable rate at London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”) plus 1.8% as at 31 December 2019 (2018:
                 LIBOR plus 1.8%).

            (b)	As at 31 December 2019, the Group uses interest rate swaps to minimise its exposure to interest
                 rate movements on the variable-rate bank borrowings of approximately RMB693,899,000 (2018:
                 RMB1,360,195,000). The principal amount of the variable-rate bank borrowings will be repayable on 23
                 June 2020. Details of the interest rate swaps are disclosed in note 32.

            During the year ended 31 December 2018, in respect of a bank loan with a carrying amount of RMB25,000,000
            as at 31 December 2018, a subsidiary of the Company breached certain of the terms of the bank loan, which
            were primarily related to the debt-asset ratio of the subsidiary. As at 31 December 2018, the bank borrowings
            of RMB25,000,000 has already been classified as a current liability based on the originally agreed repayment
            period. Such bank borrowing of RMB25,000,000 has been fully repaid during the year ended 31 December
            2019.

            	As at 31 December 2019, the Group had unutilised banking facilities of approximately RMB1,718,562,000
            (2018: RMB1,904,740,000).



      30. DEFERRED CONSIDERATION PAYABLES
                                                                                             2019                 2018
                                                                                          RMB’000              RMB’000

            Non-current                                                                       5,099                9,926
            Current                                                                          10,744                8,847

                                                                                             15,843              18,773


            During the year ended 31 December 2013, the Group acquired 49% interest in the patent right of XiDaKang
            for a consideration of RMB40,000,000 (see note 18(b) (ii)). In addition to the first payment of RMB30,000,000,
            further consideration is payable annually of RMB1,000,000 for 10 years commencing on 27 December 2014.
            The present value of the discounted consideration determined based on a discount rate of 10% amounting to
            RMB6,145,000 was accounted for by the Group as deferred consideration payable at initial recognition. As at
            31 December 2019, the carrying value amounting to RMB4,170,000 (2018: RMB3,792,000) was included in
            deferred consideration payables.




171   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                  (CONTINUED)
                                                                                    FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




30. DEFERRED CONSIDERATION PAYABLES - continued
   During the year ended 31 December 2014, the Group acquired all assets related to Stulln for the Chinese
   Market, part of the consideration is payable annually in the amount of EUR1,000,000 (equivalent to
   approximately RMB7,307,000) for five years since 2016. The present value of the discounted consideration
   determined based on a discount rate of 10% amounting to approximately EUR3,614,000 (equivalent to
   approximately RMB30,342,000) was accounted for by the Group as deferred consideration payable at
   initial recognition. As at 31 December 2019, the carrying value amounting to approximately EUR1,000,000
   (equivalent to approximately RMB7,815,000) (2018: EUR1,909,000 (equivalent to approximately
   RMB14,981,000)) was included in deferred consideration payables.

   During the year ended 31 December 2019, the Group acquired both shares and warrants issued by a
   company listed on LSE at a lump sum consideration of approximately GBP4,000,000 (note 40(i)) (equivalent
   to approximately RMB34,705,000). Upon the acquisition, as the fair value of the warrant is not based on a
   valuation technique that uses only data from observable markets, the difference between the aggregate of fair
   value of both shares and warrants at the date of initial recognition and the consideration was recognised and
   included within deferred consideration payables and amortised over the exercise period of the warrants. As at
   31 December 2019, the carrying value amounting to approximately GBP435,000 (equivalent to approximately
   RMB3,858,000) was included in deferred consideration payables.

   The movement of the deferred difference on initial recognition of financial instruments is shown as follows:

                                                                                                                           RMB’000

   On 29 January 2019 (date of initial recognition)                                                                           5,787
   Charge to profit or loss                                                                                                  (1,929)

   At 31 December 2019                                                                                                       3,858


31. DEFERRED TAX
   The following are the deferred tax assets (liabilities) recognised and movements thereon during the current and
   prior years:
                                                           Fair value
                                                         adjustments       Unrealised
                                                           to assets         profit of       Fair value
                                          Unrealised        acquired          equity       (gain) loss on
                                           profits on     in business     instruments        cash flow
                                          inventories    combinations       at FVTOCI         hedges          Others        Total
                                            RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000

   At 1 January 2018                           25,681          (38,550)         (63,964)           (1,984)      1,201        (77,616)
   (Charge) credit to profit or loss
    for the year (note 10)                     (6,170)          3,767                 -                 -              -      (2,403)
   Charge to other comprehensive income             -               -                 -              (680)             -        (680)
   At 31 December 2018                         19,511          (34,783)         (63,964)           (2,664)      1,201        (80,699)
   (Charge) credit to profit or loss
    for the year (note 10)                       (437)          7,195                 -                -               -      6,758
   Credit to other comprehensive income             -               -                 -            2,687               -      2,687
   At 31 December 2019                         19,074          (27,588)         (63,964)              23        1,201        (71,254)


                                                                                CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED                   172
                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2019
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




      31. DEFERRED TAX - continued
            The following is the analysis of the deferred tax assets (liabilities) for financial reporting purposes:

                                                                                                     2019                 2018
                                                                                                  RMB’000              RMB’000

            Deferred tax assets                                                                      20,298              20,712
            Deferred tax liabilities                                                                (91,552)           (101,411)

                                                                                                    (71,254)            (80,699)


            At 31 December 2019, the Group had unused tax losses of approximately RMB38,420,000 (2018:
            RMB38,290,000). No deferred tax asset has been recognised in respect of such tax losses due to the
            unpredictability of future profit streams. Included in unrecognised tax losses at 31 December 2019 are tax
            losses of approximately RMB20,657,000 (2018: RMB22,935,000) that will expire within 5 years from the year
            of originating. Other tax losses may be carried forward indefinitely. During the year ended 31 December 2019,
            tax losses of approximately RMB4,266,000 (2018: RMB698,000) was expired. During the year ended 31
            December 2019, the Group utilised unrecognised tax loss of RMB292,000 (2018: Nil).

            As at 31 December 2019, the Group had deductible temporary differences of RMB605,235,000 (2018:
            RMB599,167,000) available for offsetting against future profits. A deferred tax asset has been recognised in
            respect of RMB76,296,000 (2018: RMB78,044,000) of such deductible temporary difference. No deferred tax
            asset has been recognised in respect of the remaining balance of RMB528,939,000 (2018: RMB521,123,000)
            as it is not probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences can
            be utilised.

            Under the EIT Law, withholding tax is imposed on dividends declared in respect of profits earned by the PRC
            subsidiary, from 1 January 2008 onwards. Deferred taxation has not been provided for in the consolidated
            financial statements in respect of temporary differences attributable to accumulated profits of the PRC
            subsidiaries amounting to RMB4,746,003,000 (2018: RMB3,701,717,000) as the Group is able to control the
            timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that the temporary differences will not
            reverse in the foreseeable future.




173   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                  (CONTINUED)
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




32. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
                                                                                    2019                 2018
                                                                                 RMB’000              RMB’000
   Assets:
   Derivative under hedging accounting
    - Cash flow hedges - interest rate swaps                                             -              16,144
   Foreign exchange forward contracts                                               27,422              16,722
   Warrants                                                                            770                   -

                                                                                    28,192              32,866
   Liabilities:
   Derivative under hedging accounting
    - Cash flow hedges - interest rate swaps                                           (142)                   -

                                                                                    28,050              32,866


   Interest rate swaps

   The Group uses interest rate swaps to minimise its exposure to interest rate movements on its variable-rate
   bank borrowings. The interest rate swaps and the corresponding bank borrowings have the same terms, such
   as principal amounts, interest rate spread, start dates, repayment data, maturity and counterparties, and the
   directors of the Company consider that the interest rate swaps are highly effective hedging instruments. Major
   terms of the interest rate swaps as at 31 December 2019 and 2018 are set out below:

   At 31 December 2019

   Notional amount                       Contract date        Maturity date       Receive             Pay
   (Note)

   US$72,000,000                          23 June 2017        23 June 2020     LIBOR + 1.8%         3.52%
   US$25,600,000                          10 July 2017        23 June 2020     LIBOR + 1.8%         3.52%
   US$2,400,000                        11 September 2017      23 June 2020     LIBOR + 1.8%         3.54%

   At 31 December 2018

   Notional amount                       Contract date        Maturity date       Receive             Pay
   (Note)

   US$40,000,000                          23 June 2017        23 June 2020     LIBOR + 1.8%         3.52%
   US$32,000,000                          10 July 2017        23 June 2020     LIBOR + 1.8%         3.52%
   US$113,000,000                        18 August 2017       23 June 2020     LIBOR + 1.8%         3.54%
   US$15,000,000                       11 September 2017      23 June 2020     LIBOR + 1.8%         3.54%

   Note:	The notional amount will be expired on 23 June 2020, which are the same as corresponding bank
         borrowings.


                                                                       CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        174
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2019
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




      32. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
            Interest rate swaps - continued

            The fair values of interest rate swaps are measured at the present value of future cash flows estimated and
            discounted based on the applicable yield curves derived from quoted interest rates. All of the above interest
            rate swaps are designated and effective as cash flow hedges. During the year ended 31 December 2019,
            the fair value loss of approximately RMB16,286,000 (2018: RMB4,121,000), income tax of approximately
            RMB2,687,000 (2018: RMB680,000), resulting in a net amount of approximately RMB13,599,000 (2018:
            RMB3,441,000) have been recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity and are
            expected to be released to profit or loss at various dates during the lives of the swaps when the hedged
            interest expense is recognised in profit or loss.

            Foreign Exchange Forward Contract

            The Group uses foreign exchange forward contracts to minimise its exposure to exchange rate change on its
            bank borrowings. The foreign exchange forward contracts and the corresponding bank borrowings have the
            same principal amounts and maturity dates. Major terms of the foreign exchange forward contracts as at 31
            December 2019 and 2018 are set out below:

            At 31 December 2019

            Notional amount                                         Maturity date        Exchange rate range agreed

            US$100,000,000 (Note)                                   23 June 2020         US$1:RMB6.7 to RMB7.2

            At 31 December 2018

            Notional amount                                         Maturity date        Exchange rate range agreed

            US$200,000,000 (Note)                                   23 June 2020         US$1:RMB6.7 to RMB7.2
            EUR1,500,000                                            4 January 2019       EUR1:RMB7.81


            Note: During the year ended 31 December 2019, the fair value gain of approximately RMB10,700,000 (2018:
                  RMB16,722,000) have been recognised in other gains and losses (see note 6).

            Warrants

            As set out in note 30, the Group acquired warrants issued by a company listed on LSE on 29 January 2019,
            which are classified as a derivative financial instrument as at 31 December 2019.

            The fair value of the derivative financial instrument as at 31 December 2019 was approximately GBP84,000
            (equivalent to approximately RMB770,000) which is determined by Vigers Appraisal & Consulting Limited, a
            professional independent valuer, based on the Binomial Model.




175   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                          (CONTINUED)
                                                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




32. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
   Warrant - continued

   The inputs used for the calculation of fair value of the derivative financial instrument are as follows:

                                                                                29 January 2019          31 December
                                                                                   (date of grant)              2019

   Share price                                                                        GBP0.041                GBP0.028
   Exercise price                                                                       GBP0.5                  GBP0.5
   Expected volatility                                                                     81%                      92%
   Expected option life                                                                 3 years               2.08 years
   Expected dividend yield                                                                  0%                       0%
   Risk-free rate                                                                        0.83%                    0.53%

   The expected volatility adopted were based on average annualised standard deviations of the continuously
   compounded rates of return of the share price of Midatech as of the valuation date. The fair value calculated
   for the warrants is inherently subjective due to the assumptions made and the limitations of the model utilised.

   The movement of the warrant is shown as follows:

                                                                                                              RMB’000

   On 29 January 2019 (date of grant)                                                                              2,566
   Charge to profit or loss                                                                                       (1,796)

   At 31 December 2019                                                                                              770


33. SHARE CAPITAL
                                                                                  Number of
                                                                                   shares               Amount
                                                                                    ‘000                RMB’000
   Ordinary shares of US$0.005 each
   Authorised
   At 1 January 2018, 31 December 2018 and
    31 December 2019                                                                 20,000,000                 765,218

   Issued and fully paid
   At 1 January 2018                                                                   2,487,248                 85,200
   Shares repurchased and cancelled (Note)                                                 (6,839)                 (237)

   At 31 December 2018 and 31 December 2019                                            2,480,409                 84,963




                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           176
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2019
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




      33. SHARE CAPITAL - continued
            Note: During the year ended 31 December 2018, the Company repurchased its own ordinary shares through
            The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited as follows:

            Date of                     No. of ordinary                   Price per share                 Aggregated
            repurchase             shares of US$0.005 each             Highest       Lowest            consideration paid

            11 October 2018                    1,122,000              HK$8.90        HK$8.78             HK$9,960,300
            12 October 2018                      150,000              HK$9.10        HK$9.07             HK$1,364,800
            15 October 2018                      150,000              HK$9.27        HK$9.24             HK$1,398,810
            16 October 2018                      500,000              HK$9.12        HK$9.03             HK$4,542,680
            18 October 2018                      500,000              HK$9.00        HK$8.90             HK$4,479,210
            19 October 2018                      500,000              HK$9.18        HK$9.16             HK$4,589,840
            23 October 2018                      500,000              HK$9.09        HK$8.93             HK$4,504,150
            25 October 2018                      500,000              HK$9.10        HK$8.97             HK$4,525,610
            26 October 2018                      500,000              HK$8.86        HK$8.75             HK$4,418,130
            14 November 2018                     500,000              HK$9.20        HK$9.12             HK$4,576,230
            30 November 2018                     800,000              HK$8.52        HK$8.52             HK$6,816,000
            07 December 2018                   1,117,000              HK$7.80        HK$7.64             HK$8,617,200

            The above ordinary shares were cancelled upon repurchase.

            1,272,000 ordinary shares were repurchased by a subsidiary of the Company during the year ended 31
            December 2018.

            Save as disclosed above, none of the Company’s subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the
            Company’s listed securities during the years ended 31 December 2018 and 2019.


      34. RESERVES
            Capital reserve

            Capital reserve resulted from transactions between the Group and its shareholders. It mainly represents
            equity shares of Shenzhen Kangzhe granted by Mr. Lam Kong, a director and former shareholder of Shenzhen
            Kangzhe, to certain employees for their services rendered in prior year, rights granted by Mr. Lam Kong to
            certain employees to receive cash at a pre-determined formula for their services rendered in prior year, waiver
            of an advance to the Company by Mr. Lam Kong in 2006, discount on acquisitions of additional interest in
            subsidiaries from Mr. Lam Kong in 2004 and 2005, the difference between the transfer of the entire interest in
            Shenzhen Kangzhe to Sino Talent Limited (“Sino Talent”) pursuant to the group restructuring in 2005 and the
            nominal value of Shenzhen Kangzhe’s share capital, and difference between the par value of shares issued
            by the Company for the entire interest in CMS International Limited (“CMS International”) and Healthlink
            Consultancy Inc. (“Healthlink”) pursuant to the group reorganisation in 2006 and the nominal value of the issued
            share capital of CMS International and Healthlink in preparation for the listing of the Company’s shares. The
            balance was reduced by the capitalisation issue in 2007. The equity shares and rights granted by Mr. Lam
            Kong to certain employees had been terminated on or before 2006.


177   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   (CONTINUED)
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




34. RESERVES - continued
   Capital reserve - continued

   On 19 April 2010, the Group acquired an additional interest in Sky United. An amount of approximately
   RMB15,026,000, representing the excess of the fair value of the new ordinary shares issued by the Company
   over the decrease in the carrying value of the non-controlling interest is charged to capital reserve.

   During the year ended 31 December 2010, a deemed distribution to a shareholder was charged to capital
   reserve in respect of expenses incurred for a shareholder during the initial public offering exercise by the
   Company.

   Surplus reserve fund

   Articles of Association of the Group’s subsidiaries established in the PRC require the appropriation of certain
   percentage of their profit after taxation each year to the surplus reserve fund until the balance reaches 50%
   of the registered capital of the relevant subsidiaries. In normal circumstances, the surplus reserve fund shall
   only be used for making up losses, capitalisation into registered capital and expansion of the subsidiaries’
   production and operation. For the capitalisation of surplus reserve fund into registered capital, the remaining
   amount of such reserve shall not be less than 25% of the registered capital.



35. CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT

   The Group manages its capital to ensure that the group entities will be able to continue as a going concern
   while maximising the return to stakeholders through the optimisation of the debt and equity balance. The
   Group’s overall strategy remains unchanged from prior year. The capital structure of the Group consists of cash
   and cash equivalents, bank borrowings and equity attributable to owners of the Company, comprising issued
   share capital and reserves including accumulated profits.

   The directors of the Company review the capital structure on a regular basis. As part of this review,
   the directors consider the cost of capital and the risks associated with each class of capital. Based on
   recommendations of the directors, the Group will balance its overall capital structure through the payment of
   dividends and new share issues.




                                                                        CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        178
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2019
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




      36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

            Categories of financial instruments
                                                                                                 2019                 2018
                                                                                              RMB’000              RMB’000
            Financial assets
            Derivative instruments under hedge accounting
             (cash flow hedges-interest rate swaps)                                                    -              16,144
            Derivative financial instrument
             - foreign exchange forward contracts                                               27,422                16,722
             - warrants                                                                            770                     -
            Financial assets at amortised cost                                               3,062,313             2,556,969
            Equity instruments at FVTOCI                                                       269,704               241,232
            Financial asset at FVTPL                                                             2,736                     -

            Financial liabilities
            At amortised cost                                                                  (898,061)          (1,672,215)
            Derivative instruments under hedge accounting
             (cash flow hedges-interest rate swaps)                                                (142)                    -


            Financial risk management objectives and policies

            The Group’s major financial instruments include financial asset at FVTPL, equity instruments at FVTOCI, trade
            and other receivables, amount due from an associate, derivative financial instruments, bank balances and
            cash, trade and other payables, lease liabilities, bank borrowings and deferred consideration payables. Details
            of these financial instruments are disclosed in the respective notes. The risks associated with these financial
            instruments include market risk (foreign currency risk and other price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The
            policies on how to mitigate these risks are set out below. The management manages and monitors these
            exposures to ensure appropriate measures are implemented on a timely and effective manner.

            The Group is exposed to fair value interest rate risk in relation to fixed-rate bank borrowings (see note 29) and
            lease liabilities (see note 27). The Group is also exposed to cash flow interest rate risk in relation to variable-
            rate bank balances (see note 25) and variable-rate bank borrowings (see note 29). The Group’s cash flow
            interest rate risk is mainly concentrated on the fluctuation of interest rates at LIBOR arising from the Group’s
            US$ denominated borrowings. The Group aims at keeping borrowings at fixed rates. In order to achieve this
            result, the Group entered into interest rate swaps to hedge against its exposures to changes in cash flow of the
            borrowings. The critical terms of these interest rate swaps are similar to those of hedged borrowings. These
            interest rates swaps are designated as effective hedging instruments and hedge accounting is used (see note
            32). Accordingly, no sensitivity analysis is presented.




179   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     (CONTINUED)
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
   Financial risk management objectives and policies - continued

   Interest income of RMB41,998,000 (2018: RMB26,076,000) from financial assets that are measured at
   amortised cost and loans and receivables (including cash and cash equivalents) for the year ended 31
   December 2019.

   Interest expense of RMB56,255,000 (2018: RMB71,885,000) on financial liabilities not measured at fair value
   through profit or loss that are measured at amortised cost for the year ended 31 December 2019.

   Market risk

   Foreign currency risk management

   Some subsidiaries of the Company have foreign currency purchases, which expose the Group to foreign
   currency risk. Approximately 45% (2018: 57%) of the Group’s purchases are denominated in currencies
   other than the functional currencies of the group entities making the purchase. All sales of the Group are
   denominated in functional currency of the group entities making the sale. Management conducts periodic
   review of exposure and settlements of various currencies, and will consider hedging significant foreign currency
   exposures should the need arise.

   The carrying amounts of the Group’s foreign currency denominated monetary assets (representing financial
   asset at FVTPL, trade and other receivables and bank balances and cash) and monetary liabilities (representing
   trade and other payables, deferred consideration payables and bank borrowings) at the reporting date are as
   follows:


                                              Assets                                   Liabilities
                                            2019                 2018                 2019                 2018
                                         RMB’000              RMB’000              RMB’000              RMB’000

   US$                                      5,663                5,462              694,757            1,362,587
   EUR                                     34,593                3,851               17,827               24,616
   GBP                                      1,266               35,287                3,858                    -
   HK$                                     12,749                2,990                    -                    -
   CHF                                        717                2,547                    -                    -




                                                                         CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        180
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2019
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




      36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
            Financial risk management objectives and policies - continued

            Market risk - continued

            Foreign currency risk management - continued

            The Group is mainly exposed to currency risk of the US$, Eur, GBP, HK$ and CHF. The following table details
            the Group’s sensitivity to a 5% (2018: 5%) increase and decrease in the functional currencies of the relevant
            group entities against the relevant foreign currencies. The sensitivity analysis includes only outstanding foreign
            currency denominated monetary items and adjusts their translation at the end of the reporting period for a
            5% (2018: 5%) change in foreign currency rates. The sensitivity analysis includes financial asset at FVTPL,
            derivative financial instruments, bank balances, trade and other payables, bank borrowings and deferred
            consideration payables of which the foreign currency exposures are not hedged with hedging instruments.
            A positive/negative number below indicates an increase/decrease in post-tax profit for the year where the
            functional currencies of the relevant group entities strengthen 5% (2018: 5%) against the relevant foreign
            currencies. If there is a 5% (2018: 5%) weakening in functional currencies of the relevant group entities against
            the relevant foreign currencies, there would be an equal and opposite impact on the profit for the year:


                                                                                                2019                  2018
                                                                                             RMB’000               RMB’000

            RMB (as functional currency of the
             relevant group entities) against US$                                               25,841               50,892
            RMB (as functional currency of the
             relevant group entities) against EUR                                                  (629)                779
            RMB (as functional currency of the
             relevant group entities) against GBP                                                   97                (1,323)
            RMB (as functional currency of the
             relevant group entities) against HK$                                                  (478)                (112)
            RMB (as functional currency of the
             relevant group entities) against CHF                                                   (27)                 (96)


            In management’s opinion, the sensitivity analysis is unrepresentative of the inherent foreign exchange risk as the
            year end exposure at the end of the reporting period does not reflect the exposure during both years.

            Other price risk management

            The Group is exposed to equity price risk through its investments in equity securities. The Group’s equity price
            risk is mainly concentrated on equity instruments operating in pharmaceutical industry sector quoted in the
            LSE.




181   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                        (CONTINUED)
                                                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
   Financial risk management objectives and policies - continued

   Market risk - continued

   Other price risk management - continued

   Sensitivity analysis

   The following details the Group’s sensitivity to a 10% (2018:10%) increase and decrease in the quoted market
   price of the equity securities. 10% (2018: 10%) is the sensitivity rate used when reporting foreign currency risk
   internally to key management personnel and represents management’s assessment of the reasonably possible
   change in the quoted market price of the equity securities. If there is a 10% (2018:10%) higher/lower in the
   quoted market price of the equity securities, the other comprehensive income would be increased/decreased
   by RMB3,414,000 (2018: RMB1,028,000).

   The management considers that the other price risk in respect of financial asset at FVTPL is minimal due to the
   insignificant balance as at 31 December 2019.

   Credit risk and impairment assessment

   Credit risk refers to the risk that the Group’s counterparties default on their contractual obligations resulting in
   financial losses to the Group. The Group’s credit risk exposures are primarily attributable to trade and other
   receivables, bank balances, amount due from an associate and derivative financial instruments. The Group
   does not hold any collateral or other credit enhancements to cover its credit risks associated with its financial
   assets.

   In order to minimise the credit risk, management of the Group has delegated a team responsible for
   determination of credit limits and credit approvals. Before accepting any new customer, the Group assess
   the potential customer’s credit quality and defines credit limits by customer. Limits attributed to customers
   are reviewed once a year. Other monitoring procedures are in place to ensure that follow-up action is taken
   to recover overdue debts. In this regard, the directors of the Company consider that the Group’s credit risk
   is significantly reduced. In addition, the Group performs impairment assessment under ECL model on trade
   balances individually or based on provision matrix based on share credit risk characteristics by reference to
   repayment history for recurring customers and current past due exposure for the new customers.

   Except for the derivative financial instruments, financial asset at FVTPL and equity instruments at FVTOCI, the
   Group performed impairment assessment for financial assets and other items under ECL model.

   Trade receivables arising from contracts with customers

   Before accepting any new customer, the Group uses an internal credit scoring system to assess the potential
   customer’s credit quality and defines credit limits by customer. Limits and scoring attributed to customers
   are reviewed every year. Other monitoring procedures are in place to ensure that follow-up action is taken to
   recover overdue debts. The Group only accepts bills issued or guaranteed by reputable PRC banks, if trade
   receivables are settled by bills and therefore the management of the Group considers the credit risk arising from
   the endorsed or discounted bills is insignificant.



                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          182
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2019
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




      36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
            Financial risk management objectives and policies - continued

            Credit risk and impairment assessment - continued

            Trade receivables arising from contracts with customers - continued

            The Group’s concentration of credit risk by geographical locations is mainly in the PRC, which accounted for
            100% (2018: 100%) of the total trade receivables as at 31 December 2019. In order to minimise the credit risk,
            the management of the Group has delegated a team responsible for determination of credit limits and credit
            approvals.

            In addition, the Group performs impairment assessment under ECL model on trade balances individually or
            based on provision matrix. Except for items that are subject to individual assessment, the remaining trade
            receivables are grouped under a provision matrix based on shared credit risk characteristics by reference to
            repayment histories for recurring customers and current past due exposure for new customers. No Impairment
            loss has been recognised during the years ended 31 December 2019 and 2018. Details of the quantitative
            disclosures are set out below in this note.

            Bank balances

            Credit risk on bank balances is limited because the counterparties are reputable banks with high credit ratings
            assigned by international credit agencies. The Group assessed 12m ECL for bank balances by reference
            to information relating to probability of default and loss given default of the respective credit rating grades
            published by external credit rating agencies. Based on this, the 12m ECL on bank balances is considered to
            be insignificant.

            Amount due from an associate

            The Group regularly monitors the business performance of the associate. The Group’s credit risk in this balance
            is mitigated through the value of the assets held by this entity and the power to participate in the financial and
            operating policy decision of this entity. The Group performs impairment assessment under ECL model on
            this trade balance individually and the directors of the Company believe that there are no significant increases
            in credit risk of these amounts since the trade receivables due from the associate have been subsequently
            settled. For the years ended 31 December 2019 and 2018, the Group assessed the ECL for amount due from
            an associate to be insignificant and thus no loss allowance was recognised.

            Other receivables

            For other receivables and deposits, the directors of the Company make periodic individual assessment on the
            recoverability of other receivables and deposits based on historical settlement records, past experience, and
            also quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable and forward-looking information
            available without undue costs or effort. The directors of the Company believe that there are no significant
            increase in credit risk of these amounts since most of the other receivables have been subsequently settled.
            For the years ended 31 December 2019 and 2018, the Group assessed the ECL for other receivables and
            deposits to be insignificant and thus no loss allowance for credit losses was recognised.




183   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                    (CONTINUED)
                                                                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
   Financial risk management objectives and policies - continued

   Credit risk and impairment assessment - continued

   The Group’s internal credit risk scoring assessment comprises the following categories:

    Internal                                                                                                   Other
    credit rating      Description                                                     Trade receivables       financial assets
    Normal risk        The counterparty has either a low risk of default and does Lifetime ECL -               12m ECL
                       not have any past-due amounts or frequently settles after not credit-impaired
                       due dates but usually settle in full

    Doubtful           There have been significant increases in credit risk since      Lifetime ECL - not      Lifetime ECL
                       initial recognition through information developed internally    credit-impaired         - not credit-
                       or external resources                                                                   impaired

    Loss               There is evidence indicating the asset is credit-impaired       Lifetime ECL -          Lifetime ECL -
                                                                                       credit-impaired         credit-impaired

    Write-off          There is evidence indicating that the debtor is in severe Amount is written off         Amount is written off
                       financial difficulty and the Group has no realistic prospect
                       of recovery

   The tables below detail the credit risk exposures of the Group’s financial assets, which are subject to ECL
   assessment:

                                                  Internal                            2019                        2018
                                                    credit        12m or          Gross carrying              Gross carrying
                                        Notes      rating     lifetime ECL           amount                      amount
                                                                                RMB’000    RMB’000          RMB’000    RMB’000


   Financial assets at amortised cost
   Trade receivables                      22      Note 1     Lifetime ECL -
                                                             Provision matrix   1,005,013                   1,284,814
                                                   Loss      Credit impaired          5,185   1,010,198        5,716     1,290,530



   Bills receivables (Note 2)             22     Low risk 12m ECL                  414,017                   291,621



   Amount due from an associate
    (Notes 2 and 3)                       24     Low risk 12m ECL                   31,816                    31,816
                                                             Lifetime ECL –
                                                             Non credit
                                                             impaired              152,804      184,620      137,749      169,565


   Bank balances (Note 2)                 25     Low risk 12m ECL               1,365,008                    815,081



   Other receivables (Note 2)             22     Low risk 12m ECL                   96,806                    73,575




                                                                                      CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED            184
                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2019
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




      36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
            Financial risk management objectives and policies - continued

            Credit risk and impairment assessment - continued

            Notes:

            (1)      For trade receivables, the Group has applied the simplified approach in IFRS 9 to measure the loss
                     allowance at lifetime ECL. Except for debtors with significant outstanding balances or credit-impaired,
                     the Group determines the expected credit losses on these items by using a provision matrix, grouped
                     by internal credit rating. As part of the Group’s credit risk management, the Group applies internal credit
                     rating for its customers in relation to its pharmaceutical operation.

                     Provision matrix - internal credit rating

                     As part of the Group’s credit risk management, the Group applies internal credit rating for its customers.
                     The following table provides information about the exposure to credit risk for trade receivables which
                     are assessed based on provision matrix as at 31 December 2019 and 2018 within lifetime ECL (not
                     credit impaired). Debtors with credit-impaired with gross carrying amount of RMB2,613,000 as at 31
                     December 2019 (2018: RMB3,934,000) were assessed individually.

                     Gross carrying amount

                                                                       2019                                2018
                                                                 Average             Trade           Average             Trade
                     Internal credit rating                     loss rate      receivables          loss rate      receivables
                                                                                 RMB’000                             RMB’000

                     Normal risk                                   0.1%           921,145              0.1%         1,008,465
                     Doubtful                                      2.5%            83,868              1.2%           276,349
                     Loss                                          100%             2,572             100%              1,782

                                                                                 1,007,585                          1,286,596


                     The estimated loss rates are estimated based on historical observed default rates over the expected life
                     of the debtors and are adjusted for forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or
                     effort. The grouping is regularly reviewed by management to ensure relevant information about specific
                     debtors is updated.

                     During the year ended 31 December 2019, approximately RMB531,000 (2018: Nil) of impairment
                     allowance was written-off on debtors with significant balances and credit-impaired debtors.




185   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                      (CONTINUED)
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
   Financial risk management objectives and policies - continued

   Credit risk and impairment assessment - continued

   Notes: - continued

   (1)    Provision matrix - internal credit rating - continued

          The following table shows the movement in lifetime ECL that has been recognised for trade receivables
          under the simplified approach.


                                                        Lifetime ECL          Lifetime ECL
                                                         (not credit-            (credit-
                                                          impaired)             impaired)             Total
                                                          RMB’000               RMB’000              RMB’000

          As at 1 January 2018, 31 December
          2018 and 1 January 2019                                  4,112                5,716                 9,828
          Write-offs                                                (961)                (531)               (1,492)

          As at 31 December 2019                                   3,151                5,185                8,336


          The Group writes off a trade receivable when there is information indicating that the debtor is in severe
          financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, e.g. when the debtor has been placed
          under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings, or when the trade receivables are over
          three years past due, whichever occurs earlier. The Group has taken legal action against the debtors to
          recover the amount due. No additional impairment loss on trade receivables has been provided during
          the year ended 31 December 2019 as the Group has already made adequate provision for credit loss on
          trade receivables as at 31 December 2018.

   (2)	The Group assessed the loss allowance for bills receivables, other receivables, bank balances and
        amount due from an associate in relation to deposit for exclusive distribution right on 12m ECL basis.
        In determining the ECL of the bank balances, the Group has taken into account the counterparties are
        reputable banks with high credit ratings assigned by international credit agencies and forward looking
        information as appropriate. The Group assessed 12m ECL for bank balances by reference to information
        relating to probability of default and loss given default of the respective credit rating grades published
        by external credit rating agencies and the management considers that the expected credit loss on the
        bank balances is immaterial. In determining the ECL other than the bank balances, the Group has taken
        into account the historical default experience and forward looking information as appropriate, including
        changes in growth rate of gross domestic product of the PRC. There had been no significant increase
        in credit risk since initial recognition. The Group has considered the consistently low historical default
        rate in connection with payments and concluded that the expected credit loss on these balances is
        immaterial.

   (3)	The Group assessed the loss allowance for amount due from an associate with trade nature on Lifetime
        ECL basis. In determining the ECL, the Group has taken into account the value of the assets held by
        this entity and the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decision of this entity. There
        had been no significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. No additional impairment loss on
        trade receivables has been provided during the years ended 31 December 2019 and 2018 as the entire
        balance has been subsequently settled.



                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        186
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2019
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




      36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
            Financial risk management objectives and policies - continued

            Liquidity risk

            In the management of the liquidity risk, the Group monitors and maintains a level of cash and cash equivalents
            deemed adequate by the management to finance the Group’s operations and mitigate the effects of fluctuations
            in cash flows. The management of the Group monitors the utilisation of bank borrowings and ensures
            compliance with loan covenants.

            The Group relies on bank borrowings as a significant source of liquidity. As at 31 December 2019, the Group
            has available unutilised banking facilities of approximately RMB1,718,562,000 (2018: RMB1,904,740,000)
            respectively. Details of which are set out in note 29.
            The following table details the Group’s remaining contractual maturity for its non-derivative financial liabilities
            based on the agreed repayment terms. The table has been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flows
            of financial liabilities based on the earliest date on which the Group can be required to pay. Specifically, bank
            loans with a repayment on demand clause are included in the earliest time band regardless of the probability
            of the banks choosing to exercise their rights. The maturity dates for other non-derivative financial liabilities are
            based on the agreed repayment dates.

            The table includes both interest and principal cash flows. To the extent that interest flows are floating rate, the
            undiscounted amount is derived from current interest rate at the end of the reporting period.

                                                   Weighted    Repayable on                        Total           Carrying
                                                   average      demand or                      undiscounted       amount at
                                                    interest     less than         1 to 5          cash          31 December
                                                      rate         1 year          years           flows             2019
                                                       %         RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000           RMB’000
            As at 31 December 2019
            Non-derivative financial liabilities
            Trade and other payables                   -             188,309               -          188,309          188,309
            Deferred consideration payables          5.43             10,744           5,570           16,314           15,843
            Fixed rate bank borrowings               5.23                 10               -               10               10
            Variable-rate bank borrowings            3.54            706,164               -          706,164          693,899
            Lease liabilities                        4.75             10,332          11,215           21,547           19,879

                                                                     915,559          16,785          932,344          917,940

                                                   Weighted    Repayable on                        Total           Carrying
                                                   average      demand or                      undiscounted       amount at
                                                    interest     less than         1 to 5          cash          31 December
                                                      rate         1 year          years           flows             2018
                                                       %         RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000           RMB’000
            As at 31 December 2018
            Non-derivative financial liabilities
            Trade and other payables                   -             188,247               -          188,247           188,247
            Deferred consideration payables           10               8,847          11,134           19,981            18,773
            Fixed rate bank borrowings               5.22             25,326          93,203          118,529           105,000
            Variable-rate bank borrowings            3.54             48,151       1,380,455        1,428,606         1,360,195

                                                                     270,571       1,484,792        1,755,363         1,672,215




187   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                               (CONTINUED)
                                                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
   Fair value measurements of financial instruments

   (i)   Fair value of the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis

         Some of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities are measured at fair value at the end of each
         reporting period. The following table gives information about how the fair values of these financial assets
         and financial liabilities are determined (in particular, the valuation technique(s) and inputs used) as well as
         the level of the fair value hierarchy into which the fair value measurements are categorised (Levels 1 to 3)
         based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements is observable.

         Level 1 fair value measurements are those derived from quoted prices (unadjusted) in active market for
         identical assets or liabilities at measurement date;
         Level 2 fair value measurements are those derived from inputs other than quoted prices included within
         Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived
         from prices); and

         Level 3 fair value measurements are those derived from valuation techniques that include inputs for the
         asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).

                                                                                      Valuation                Significant
                                                                     Fair value       technique(s)             unobservable
          Financialassets             Fair value as at               hierarchy        and key input(s)         inputs
                              31/12/2019           31/12/2018
         1)   Interest      Liabilities -       Assets -              Level 2         Discounted cash          Nil
              rate swaps RMB142,000             RMB16,144,000                         flow.
              classified as                                                           Future cash flows
              derivative                                                              are estimated
              financial                                                               based on forward
              instruments                                                             interest rates (from
                                                                                      observable yield
                                                                                      curves at the end of
                                                                                      the reporting period)
                                                                                      and contracted
                                                                                      interest rates,
                                                                                      discounted at a
                                                                                      rate that reflects the
                                                                                      credit risk of various
                                                                                      counterparties.
         2)	Foreign       Assets -              Assets -              Level 2         Discounted cash          Nil
            exchange      RMB27,422,000         RMB16,722,000                         flow.
            forward                                                                   Future cash flows
            contracts                                                                 are estimated
            classified as                                                             based on forward
            derivative                                                                exchange rate
            financial                                                                 and contracted
            instruments                                                               exchange rate,
                                                                                      discounted at a
                                                                                      rate that reflects the
                                                                                      credit risk of various
                                                                                      counterparties.
         3)	Equity          Listed equity       Listed equity         Level 1         Quoted bid prices in     Nil
            instruments     securities on       securities on                         an active market.
            at FVTOCI -     the LSE -           the LSE -
            Listed          RMB34,136,000       RMB10,279,000
         4)	Financial       Assets –            Nil                   Level 1         Quoted bid prices in     Nil
            asset at        RMB2,736,000                                              an active market.
            FVTPL




                                                                                CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           188
                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2019
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




      36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
            Fair value measurements of financial instruments - continued

            (i)   Fair value of the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis -
                  continued

                                                                                         Valuation                Significant
                                                                            Fair value   technique(s)             unobservable
                  Financial assets               Fair value as at           hierarchy    and key input(s)         inputs
                                         31/12/2019           31/12/2018
                  5)	Equity          Unlisted equity      Unlisted equity   Level 3      Black-Scholes            Estimation
                     instruments     investments:         investments:                   approach.                of expected
                     at FVTOCI -     RMB                  RMB230,953,000                 Black-Scholes            volatility,
                     Unlisted        235,568,000                                         Option Pricing           determined by
                                                                                         Model are based          reference to
                                                                                         on risk-free rate,       the expected
                                                                                         expected volatility,     volatility of
                                                                                         expected dividend        comparable
                                                                                         yield and liquidation    companies.
                                                                                         timing.
                  6)	Warrant       Assets -               Nil               Level 3      Binomial Model -         Estimation
                     classified as RMB770,000                                            Binomial Pricing         of expected
                     derivative                                                          Model. Valuation         volatility
                     financial                                                           of the derivative        determined by
                     instruments                                                         financial instruments    reference to
                                                                                         is based on share        the expected
                                                                                         price, exercise          volatility of
                                                                                         price, risk-free rate,   Midatech
                                                                                         expected option life,
                                                                                         expected dividend
                                                                                         yield and expected
                                                                                         volatility.


                  Sensitivity analysis

                  If the expected volatility of the comparable companies had been 5% higher/lower while all other variables
                  were held constant, the Group’s fair value of equity instruments as at 31 December 2019 would have
                  increased/decreased by approximately RMB272,000.

                  If the expected volatility of Midatech had been 5% higher/lower while all other variables were held
                  constant, the Group’s post-tax profit for the year ended 31 December 2019 would have increased/
                  decreased by approximately RMB240,000.




189   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                (CONTINUED)
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
   Fair value measurements of financial instruments - continued

   (ii)    Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements

                                                        Financial           Financial
                                                        assets at           assets at
                                                         FVTOCI              FVTPL              Total
                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000            RMB’000

   As at 1 January 2018                                             -                     -               -
   Purchases                                                  230,953                     -         230,953

   As at 31 December 2018                                     230,953                   -           230,953
   Purchases                                                    4,615               2,566             7,181
   Total losses
        - in profit or losses                                       -               (1,796)           (1,796)

   As at 31 December 2019                                     235,568                   770         236,338


   (iii)   Fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities that are not measured at fair value on a
           recurring basis (but fair value disclosures are required)

   	The directors of the Company consider that the carrying amounts of financial assets and financial
     liabilities recorded at amortised cost in the consolidated financial statements approximate their fair
     values.

   	There is no transfer among Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 during both years.




                                                                        CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED   190
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2019
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




      37. RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING
          ACTIVITIES
            The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities arising from financing activities, including both cash
            and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flows were, or future
            cash flows will be, classified in the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows from financing
            activities.

                                                                         Deferred
                                                               Bank    consideration    Dividend          Lease
                                                            borrowings   payables       payables        liabilities        Total
                                                             RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                             (note 29)   (note 30)      (note 12)       (note 27)


            At 1 January 2018                                2,105,048       26,698             -                     -    2,131,746
            Financing cash flows                              (762,969)       (9,807)    (728,515)                    -   (1,501,291)
            Dividends declared                                       -             -      728,515                     -      728,515
            Finance costs                                       70,029         1,856            -                     -       71,885
            Net foreign exchange loss                           53,087            26            -                     -       53,113

            At 31 December 2018                              1,465,195       18,773                 -                 -   1,483,968

            Adjustment upon application of IFRS 16                   -             -                -        9,499            9,499

            At 1 January 2019 (restated)                     1,465,195       18,773             -             9,499 1,493,467
            Financing cash flows                              (855,457)       (7,834)    (822,752)           (9,094) (1,695,137)
            Release on deferred difference on
             initial recognition of financial instruments            -       (1,929)            -                -            (1,929)
            Dividends declared                                       -             -      822,752                -          822,752
            Finance costs                                       53,862        1,079             -            1,314           56,255
            Net foreign exchange loss                           30,309           (33)           -                -           30,276
            Commencement of new leases                               -             -            -           18,160           18,160
            Non-cash transaction (note 47)                           -        5,787             -                -             5,787

            At 31 December 2019                                693,909       15,843                 -       19,879          729,631




191   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     (CONTINUED)
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




38. OPERATING LEASE
   The Group as lessee

   At the end of the reporting period, the Group had commitments for future minimum lease payments under non-
   cancellable operating leases which fall due as follows:

                                                                                                            2018
                                                                                                         RMB’000

   Within one year                                                                                           4,152
   In the second to fifth year inclusive                                                                     6,289

                                                                                                           10,441


   Operating lease payments represent rental payable by the Group for certain of its office premises and
   warehouses. The lease is negotiated for a lease term of 1 to 5 years at fixed monthly rental. All operating lease
   contracts contain market review clauses in the event that the Group exercises its option to renew.

   The Group does not have an option to purchase the leased asset at the expiry of the lease period.

39. CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
                                                                                       2019                 2018
                                                                                    RMB’000              RMB’000
   Capital expenditure in respect of the acquisition of
    financial asset at FVTPL, property, plant and
    equipment and intangible assets
    contracted for but
    not provided in the consolidated
    financial statements                                                              21,034               20,560



40. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
   Balances and transactions between the Company and its subsidiaries, which are related financial parties of the
   Company, have been eliminated on consolidation and are not disclosed in this note. Details of transactions
   between the Group and other related parties are disclosed below, in addition to the transactions and balances
   disclosed elsewhere in the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                         CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         192
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2019
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




      40. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS - continued
            (a)	The Group entered into the following transactions with related parties during the year:

                    Name of
                    related company         Relationship Nature of transactions                  2019          2018
                                                                                              RMB’000       RMB’000

                    Ophol                   Associate       Interest expense                         -            71
                    Tibet Pharmaceutical    Associate       Promotion income                   527,985       406,084
                    Tibet Pharmaceutical    Associate       Service fee                          1,132             -


            (b)	Pursuant to a transfer agreement dated 16 February 2004 (as supplemented by a supplemental
                agreement dated 2 November 2004) and a further agreement dated 16 December 2007 between
                Shenzhen Kangzhe and Kangzhe Pharmaceutical Research and Development (Shenzhen) Limited
                (“Kangzhe R&D”)”, the Group acquired the production, marketing and sales rights and the related
                patents of CMS024 from Kangzhe R&D, of which 83.23% equity interest is indirectly held by a
                controlling shareholder as at 31 December 2019 and the date of this report. Pursuant to the terms of
                the agreement, as consideration for the transfer of CMS024, Shenzhen Kangzhe paid US$3.1 million
                to Kangzhe R&D as compensation for the actual research and development costs incurred by Kangzhe
                R&D, and further agreed to pay a royalty fee of 13% of the quarterly sales revenue generated by the
                Group after CMS024 is successfully launched. The Group has appointed Kangzhe R&D to carry out
                further research and development related to CMS024, and Kangzhe R&D has undertaken to complete
                all the clinical trials and prepare the documents necessary for and assist the Group in the application
                for a new-drug permit for CMS024. The Group has not paid any fee to Kangzhe R&D during the years
                ended 31 December 2019 and 2018.

            (c)	On 8 May 2015, A&B (HK) Company Limited (“A&B”), a company wholly-owned by a controlling
                shareholder of the Company, entered into agreements with Faron Pharmaceuticals Ltd (“Faron”), to
                acquire 15.72% of the shareholding of Faron, assets related to Traumakine in China (including Hong
                Kong SAR, Macau SAR and Taiwan) (the “Territory”), intellectual properties related to Traumakine from
                the Territory and the right to exchange Traumakine information with Faron.

            	On 19 May 2015, the Group entered into agreements with A&B and/or Faron respectively, to acquire
              the assets related to Traumakine in the Territory. The consideration for above transfer will be further
              negotiated and agreed between A&B and the Group at a later stage prior to the launch of Traumakine
              in the Territory, the amount would be calculated with reference to the net sales of Traumakine in the
              Territory.

            	The acquisition was not yet completed up to the date of this report and the Group has not paid any
              consideration to A&B in respect of this acquisition during the years ended 31 December 2019 and 2018.




193   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                 (CONTINUED)
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




40. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS - continued
   (d)	On 31 July 2018, each of the Group and A&B invested in Acticor for the consideration of approximately
       EUR4,000,000 (note 20(b)(b)(1)) (equivalent to RMB30,607,000), respectively.

   	On the same date, the Group entered into an asset transfer and license agreement with Acticor.
     According to the terms of such agreement, the Group acquired all assets (the “Assets of ACT017”)
     related to Acticor’s product ACT017 and any follow-up products developed on the basis of the same
     compound of ACT017 (the “Product of ACT017”) in China (including Hong Kong SAR, Macau SAR
     and Taiwan), Singapore, Philippines, Republic of Korea, Malaysia and other designated Asian countries
     (excluding Japan, India and Western Asia countries) (the “Asia Pacific Territory”) in consideration of an
     upfront payment of EUR50,000 (equivalent to RMB384,000) which has been paid as at 31 December
     2018. Such amount has been included in deposits paid for acquisition of intangible assets (see note
     23) as at 31 December 2019 and 2018. The Assets of ACT017 include without limitation all the know-
     how, intellectual property or the right of application for the intellectual property, necessary regulatory
     approvals, documents, dossiers, data or information exclusive for Asia Pacific Territory and other rights
     as necessarily required to develop, register, manufacture and commercialise the Product of ACT017
     in the Asia Pacific Territory. In addition, the Group also acquired all the necessary licenses related to
     the transaction under this agreement in consideration of (1) a royalty at a fixed rate on the basis of the
     net sales of Product of ACT017 generated in Asia Pacific Territory and (2) lump sum payments with
     varied fixed amount, each payable upon the first achievement of respective pre-determined milestones
     stipulated in the agreement.

   	As Product of ACT017 has not yet been commercialised, the Group has not paid any consideration for
     Product of ACT017 during years ended 31 December 2019 and only paid consideration of EUR50,000
     (equivalent to RMB384,000) during the year ended 31 December 2018.

   (e)	On 14 August 2018, each of the Group and A&B invested in Blueberry for the consideration of
       GBP5,000,000 (note 20(b)(b)(2)) (equivalent to RMB44,771,000), respectively.

   	On the same date, the Group entered into an asset transfer and license agreement with Blueberry.
     According to the terms of such agreement, the Group has acquired all related assets of Blueberry’s
     leading product BB2603 (for the treatment of onychomycosis and tinea pedis) in China (including
     Hong Kong SAR, Macau SAR and Taiwan), Republic of Korea, Democratic People’s Republic of
     Korea and Mongolia (the “Asia Territory”) and the Group further acquired access to all related assets
     of other pipeline products being or to be developed subsequently by Blueberry utilizing its unique
     nanoformulation delivery system in dermatology and other fields (such as products used for treating
     atopic dermatitis and acne, etc., together with the product BB2603 as the “Product of BB2603”) in the
     Asia Territory in consideration of (1) an upfront payment of USD600,000 (equivalent to RMB4,090,000),
     (2) fixed lump sum payments upon the achievement of the pre-determined milestones stipulated in
     the agreement and (3) a royalty at a fixed rate on the basis of the net sales of Product of BB2603 in
     Asia Territory. The aforementioned assets include, among others, all the national patents covering the
     development, commercialization and formulation of the Product of BB2603, national trademarks and
     necessary regulatory approvals in or for the Asia Territory.




                                                                      CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED       194
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2019
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




      40. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS - continued
            (e)	As the milestone as well as the commercialisation of Product of BB2603 has not yet been achieved as at
                 31 December 2019 and 2018, the Group has only paid the upfront payment of USD600,000 (equivalent
                 to RMB4,090,000) as the consideration for Product of BB2603 during year ended 31 December 2018.
                 Such amount has been included in deposits paid for acquisition of intangible assets (see note 23) as at
                 31 December 2019 and 2018.

            (f)	On 20 August 2018, the Group entered into a framework asset transfer agreement with A&B relating to
                 the portable neurostimulation devices developed by or for Helius Medical Technologies group (“Helius”)
                 (the “Product of PoNS”). According to the terms of such agreement, the Group has agreed to acquire
                 from A&B all assets related to the Product of PoNS (the “Assets of PoNS”) in the Territory (the “Transaction
                 of PoNS”). The Assets were originally purchased by A&B from Helius, in which A&B has equity interest.
                 Both the Group and A&B have not agreed on the definitive terms and conditions of the Transaction,
                 including the consideration for the transfer of the Assets of PoNS under the agreement. The Group
                 and A&B will further negotiate and agree on the terms of the Transaction at a later stage prior to the
                 launch of the Product of PoNS in the Territory. As at 31 December 2019, the Group and A&B has not
                 yet negotiated and agreed on the terms of the Transaction of PoNS and the Group has not paid any
                 consideration to A&B in respect of the Transaction of PoNS during the years ended 31 December 2019
                 and 2018.

            (g)    During the year ended 31 December 2018, the Group and A&B invested in Neurelis for the consideration
                   of approximately US$19,531,000 (equivalent to RMB135,664,000) and US$15,000,000 (equivalent to
                   RMB104,342,000), respectively.

                   During the year ended 31 December 2019, each of the Group and A&B further invested in Neurelis for
                   the consideration of approximately US$406,000 (equivalent to RMB2,873,000) (note 20(b)(b)(4)).

            	On 20 August 2018, the Group entered into a framework asset transfer agreement with A&B relating to
              the pharmaceutical preparation, formulation, dosage form, or delivery vehicle, containing or comprising
              NRL-1 etc. and/or line extensions developed by or for Neurelis, Inc. (“Neurelis”) (collectively, the “Product
              of NRL-1”). According to terms of such agreement, the Group has agreed to acquire from A&B all
              assets related to the Product of NRL-1 (the “Assets of NRL-1”) in the Territory (the “Transaction of NRL-
              1”). A&B obtained the Assets of NRL-1 from its related entity which in turn obtained the Assets of NRL-
              1 from Neurelis. Both the Group and A&B have not agreed on the definitive terms and conditions of the
              Transaction, including the consideration for the transfer of the Assets of PoNS under the agreement.
              The Group and A&B will further negotiate and agree on the terms of the Transaction of NRL-1 at a later
              stage prior to the launch of the Product of NRL-1 in the Territory. As at 31 December 2019, the Group
              and A&B have not yet negotiated and agreed on the terms of the Transaction of NRL-1 and the Group
              has not paid any consideration to A&B in respect of the Transaction of NRL-1 during the years ended 31
              December 2019 and 2018.

            (h)	On 19 September 2018, each of the Group and A&B invested in VAXIMM for the consideration of
                approximately EUR2,500,000 (note 20(b)(b)(3)) (equivalent to RMB19,911,000), respectively.




195   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   (CONTINUED)
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




40. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS - continued
   (h)   On the same date, the Group entered into license and collaboration agreement with VAXIMM. According
         to the terms of such agreement, the Group gained exclusive, perpetual, transferable, sub-licensable
         rights to develop and commercialize the current pharmaceutical products portfolio and line extension
         of or under the control of VAXIMM (the current leading product is VXM01) as well as designated
         pharmaceutical products and line extension that will be solely owned and under the control of VAXIMM
         (the “Product of VXM01”) in Asia Pacific Territory in consideration of (1) fixed lump sum payments upon
         the achievement of the pre-determined milestones stipulated in the agreement, (2) lump sum payments
         with varied fixed amount, each payable upon the first achievement of respective net sales stipulated in
         the agreement and (3) a royalty at a fixed rate on the basis of the net sales of Product of VXM01 in Asia
         Pacific Territory.

         As Product of VXM01 has not yet been commercialised, the Group has not paid any consideration in
         relation to Product of VXM01 during years ended 31 December 2019 and 2018.

         On 2 and 3 December 2019, each of the Group and A&B further invested in VAXIMM for the
         consideration of approximately EUR225,000 (equivalent to RMB1,742,000), respectively.

   (i)	On 29 January 2019, each of the Group and A&B invested in Midatech Pharma PLC (“Midatech”) for the
        consideration of approximately GBP4,000,000 (notes 20(b)(a) and 30) (equivalent to RMB34,705,000),
        respectively.

         On the same date, the Group entered into a license, collaboration and distribution agreement with
         Midatech. According to the terms of such agreement, the Group will gain exclusive, perpetual,
         transferable, sub-licensable rights to develop and commercialise Midatech’s current products mainly
         including MTD201, MTX110 (subject to receipt of consent from Novartis Pharma AG) and any new
         pharmaceutical products or line extension the intellectual property rights and other rights of which
         Midatech controls and which Midatech or its affiliates have given a codename within three years from
         29 January 2019 (the “Products”) in China (including Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, Macao
         Special Administrative Region and Taiwan) and certain Southeast Asian countries selected by the Group
         (including Singapore, Philippines, Malaysia and other countries, subject to confirmation by the Group
         once a regulatory approval is granted by the US Food and Drug Administration, the European Medicines
         Agency or by one of the regulatory authorities in one of the UK, France, Germany or Switzerland).

         As Products have not yet been commercialised, the Group has not paid any consideration in relation to
         Products during year ended 31 December 2019.

   (j)   During the year, the Group and A&B invested in a capital fund for a consideration of approximately
         US$388,000 (equivalent to RMB2,736,000) (note 20(a)) respectively.

   (k)   During the year ended 31 December 2017, each of the Group and A&B invested in Destiny Pharma
         Plc. (“Destiny”) for the consideration of approximately GBP3,000,000 (equivalent to RMB26,291,000),
         respectively.

         During the year ended 31 December 2017, the Group entered into an agreement with Destiny.
         According to the terms of such agreement, the Group will gain exclusive sub-licensable rights to develop
         and commercialise Destiny’s current products mainly including XF-73 (the “Products of XF-73”) in Asia
         Pacific Territory.

         As Products of XF-73 have not yet been commercialised, the Group has not paid any consideration in
         relation to Products during year ended 31 December 2019 and 2018.

   (l)	The key management personnel includes solely the directors of the Company and the compensation
        paid to them as disclosed in note 8.

                                                                       CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         196
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2019
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




      41. RETIREMENT BENEFITS SCHEMES
            The employees of the Group’s subsidiary in the PRC are members of the state-managed retirement benefit
            schemes operated by the PRC government. The PRC subsidiaries are required to contribute a certain
            percentage of their payroll to the retirement benefit schemes to fund the benefits. The only obligation of the
            Group with respect to the retirement benefit schemes is to make the required contributions under the schemes.

            The employees employed in Hong Kong are required to join the Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme (the “MPF
            Scheme”). Contributions to the MPF Scheme are made in accordance with the statutory limits prescribed by
            the Mandatory Provident Fund Ordinance of Hong Kong.

            The employees employed in Macau are required to join the Social Security Fund (the “FSS”). Contributions to
            FSS are made in accordance with the statutory limits prescribed by the Social Security System of Macau.

            The employees employed in Malaysia are required to join the Employees Provident Fund (“EPF”). Contributions
            to the EPF Scheme are made in accordance with the statutory limits prescribed by the Public Pension
            (Kumpulan Wang Simpanan Pekerja, “KWSP”) of Malaysia.

            The employees employed in Dubai are required to be entitled to gratuity based on the years of services under
            the labour law of United Arab Emirates Ministry of Human Resources and Emiratisation.

            During the year, the total expense recognised in the profit or loss for the above schemes amounted to
            RMB43,793,000 (2018: RMB43,052,000).


      42. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT SCHEME
            The 2009 Scheme was adopted by the Board on 31 July 2009 (“Adoption Date”). Unless terminated earlier by
            the Board, the 2009 Scheme shall be valid and effective for a term of 20 years commencing on the Adoption
            Date. Pursuant to the rules of the 2009 Scheme, the Company set up a trust through a trustee (the “Trustee”),
            Fully Profit Management (PTC) Limited, for the purpose of administration the 2009 Scheme. A summary of
            some of the principal terms of the 2009 Scheme is set out in below.

            (a)	The purpose of the 2009 Scheme is to recognise the contributions by certain employees who have
                 been actively involved in the business development of the Group and to establish and maintain a
                 superannuation fund for the purpose of providing retiring allowances for certain employees (including
                 without limitation employees who are also directors) of the Group, and to give incentive in order to retain
                 them for the continual operation and development of the Group.

            (b)	Under the 2009 Scheme, the Board of Directors (the “Board”) may, from time to time, at its absolute
                discretion and subject to such terms and conditions as it may think appropriate select an employee
                (the “Member”) who completed 10 years’ services in the Group (subject to consent of the Board if the
                employee completed 5 years’ services in the Group) for participation in the 2009 Scheme for 10 years
                after retirement (the “Payment Year”) (subject to adjustment set out in (d) below).




197   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                 (CONTINUED)
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




42. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT SCHEME - continued
   (c)	The Company will, on a yearly basis, contribute the sum equal to an amount not less than 0.5%, but
        no more than 3% of its after tax profits shown on the audited consolidated financial statements of the
        Group, or issue such number of shares of the Company to the Trustee in consideration of payment of
        such amount as the Board may determine with reference to the aforesaid contribution as against the
        then market value of the shares of the Company (the “Yearly Contributions”), subject to the Board’s
        approval.

   (d)	The amount payable to the Members depends on the value of the assets held by the Trustee (the
        “Fund”). If the value of the Fund is less than the aggregate amount of contributions previously made by
        the Company, the amount payable to the Members and the Payment Year will be adjusted by a factor
        derived from the value of the Fund and the aggregate amount of contributions previously made by the
        Company. The only obligation of the Company is to make the Yearly Contributions to the Fund. As
        such, the 2009 Scheme is classified as defined contribution scheme.

   On 22 December 2016, the Board has resolved to adopt two new employee incentive schemes, with details as
   follows:

   (a)	The Bonus Scheme

         i.	This scheme is for the purpose of providing discretionary cash bonuses to selected employees of
              the Group to recognise their contribution to the Group.
         ii.	This scheme is open to the employees employed by the Group, except for the directors of the
              Company.

   (b)	The New KEB Scheme

         i.	The New KEB Scheme will replace the 2009 Scheme and shall comprise terms which are
              substantially similar to the 2009 Scheme.
         ii.	The subsisting rights of all participants under 2009 Scheme will be rolled over to the New KEB
              Scheme.

   For the purposes of effecting the merger and facilitating the administration of the Bonus Scheme and the
   New KEB Scheme, the Company has resolved to set up a new trust comprising the Bonus Scheme and KEB
   Scheme (collectively referred to as the “Master Scheme”). Unless terminated earlier by the Board, the Master
   Scheme shall be valid and effective until the later of the termination of the Bonus Scheme or the New KEB
   Scheme. The term of each of the Bonus Scheme and the New KEB Scheme is 20 years subject to the terms
   of their respective scheme rules. TMF Trust (HK) Limited (“TMF”), a company incorporated in Hong Kong, is
   appointed as the initial trustee of the new trust (the “New Trustee”).




                                                                      CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED       198
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2019
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




      42. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT SCHEME - continued
            A summary of some of the principal terms of the Bonus Scheme is set out in below:

            (a)	The Company will, on a yearly basis, contribute the sum equal to an amount of 5% to 15% on the net profit
                 growth on the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group (“Annual Contribution”), subject to the
                 approval from the Benefit Scheme Executive Committee, comprising executive directors of the Company. No
                 contribution will be made by the Company if there is no growth on the net profit in the year.

            (b)	The amount payable to the members of the Bonus Scheme in a financial year depends on a variety of factors,
                 including the value of the assets held by the New Trustee (the “New Fund”), the appreciation in the value of the
                 assets held under the New Fund, the financial performance of the Group and the performances of individual
                 employees during the year. The New Fund is independent from the Company and the change in value of the
                 New Fund has no impact on the Group’s financial performance and financial position. The only obligation of
                 the Company is to make the Annual Contributions to the New Fund subject to the terms of the scheme rules
                 of the Bonus Scheme. The Bonus Scheme is classified as a discretionary scheme of the Company.

            During the year ended 31 December 2019, the Company recognised an expense of RMB14,000,000 (2018:
            RMB9,000,000) on the Master Scheme based on the Group’s financial performance. RMB14,000,000 (2018:
            RMB9,000,000) were recognised as employee benefit expenses in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and
            other comprehensive income.

      43. SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY
            As at 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018, the details of the Company’s subsidiaries are set as follows:

                                           Place of                 Issue and
                                        incorporation/               fully paid
                                        establishment             share capital/                          Equity interest
              Name of subsidiaries       and operation          registered capital                       held by the Group             Principal activities
                 (Note i)                                 31 December       31 December         31 December            31 December
                                                              2019              2018                 2019                  2018
                                                                                             Directly Indirectly Directly Indirectly

            CMS International (Note a) British Virgin         US$10,000          US$10,000   100%         -       100%         -       Investment holding
                                        Islands

            Kangzhe Hunan               PRC               RMB36,750,000     RMB36,750,000      -        100%         -       100%      Production of
             (wholly-owned                                                                                                              medicines
             domestic enterprise)

            Tibet Kangzhe Enterprise PRC                  RMB10,000,000     RMB10,000,000      -        100%         -       100%      Investment holding
             Management Co. Ltd.
             (wholly-owned domestic
             enterprise)

            Kangzhe Pharmaceutical      British Virgin    RMB21,288,000     RMB21,288,000      -        100%         -       100%      Investment holding
             Industrial Ltd. (Note a)    Islands

            Shenzhen Kangzhe            PRC              RMB350,000,000 RMB350,000,000         -        100%         -       100%      Marketing,
             (wholly foreign-owned                                                                                                      promotion
             enterprise)                                                                                                                and sale of drugs

            Sino Talent                 Hong Kong                  HK$1              HK$1      -        100%         -       100%      Investment holding

            Sky United                  Hong Kong                HK$10               HK$10     -        100%         -       100%      Trading of drugs

            Changde Kangzhe         PRC                                 -    RMB2,000,000      -          -          -       100%      Marketing and
             Plarmaceutical Co.,Ltd                                                                                                     promotion of drugs
             (wholly-owned domestic
             enterprise)(Note b)



199   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                                  (CONTINUED)
                                                                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




43. SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY - continued
                                  Place of                  Issue and
                               incorporation/                fully paid
                               establishment              share capital/                            Equity interest                    Principal
     Name of subsidiaries      and operation            registered capital                       held by the Group                     activities
           (Note i)                               31 December         31 December         31 December          31 December
                                                      2019                2018                 2019                 2018
                                                                                        Directly Indirectly Directly Indirectly
   CMS Pharma Co. Ltd.         Malaysia                         -             US$1         -         -         -       100%       Trading of drugs
    (Note c)

   Kangzhe Pharmaceutical      PRC                RMB50,000,000     RMB50,000,000          -       100%        -       100%       Investment holding
    Investment Co., Ltd.
    (wholly-owned domestic
    enterprise)

   Great move (Note a)         British Virgin         US$10,000         US$10,000          -       100%        -       100%       Investment holding
                                Islands

   Generous Wealth Limited     Hong Kong                    HK$1              HK$1         -       100%        -       100%       Investment holding
    (Note a)

   Tianjin Kangzhe             PRC               RMB500,000,000 RMB500,000,000             -       100%        -       100%       Marketing,
    (wholly foreign-owned                                                                                                          promotion
     enterprise)                                                                                                                   and sale of drugs
   Lengshuijiang Kangzhe       PRC                RMB22,359,050      RMB7,000,000          -       100%        -       100%       Production of
    Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd,                                                                                                       medicines
    (wholly-owned domestic
    enterprise)
   Kangzhe Agricultural        PRC                RMB20,000,000     RMB20,000,000          -       100%        -       100%       Agriculture
    (wholly-owned domestic
    enterprise)
   香港鼎成投資有限公司                  Hong Kong              HK$10,000         HK$10,000          -       100%        -       100%       Investment holding
    (Note a)
   Bridging Pharma Limited     United Kingdom            GBP100            GBP100          -       100%        -       100%       Investment holding
    (Note a)

   Bridging Pharma GmbH        Switzerland            CHF20,000         CHF20,000          -       100%        -       100%       Investment holding
    (Note a)

   Xili Pharmaceutical         PRC                RMB11,360,000     RMB11,360,000          -      52.01%       -      52.01% Production of
    (sino-foreign                                                                                                             medicines
     equity joint venture)
   Tibet Kangzhe Technology    PRC                 RMB3,000,000      RMB3,000,000          -       100%        -       100%       Marketing and
    (wholly-owned domestic                                                                                                         promotion of
      subsidiary)                                                                                                                  drugs
   Tibet Kangzhe               PRC               RMB100,000,000 RMB100,000,000             -       100%        -       100%       Marketing,
    Development
    (wholly-owned                                                                                                                  promotion
    domestic subsidiary)                                                                                                           and sale of drugs
   CMS Bridging Limited        Hong Kong        HK$1,000,000,000              HK$1         -       100%        -       100%       Investment holding
    (formerly known as Everest
    Fortune Limited)
   CMS Medical Venture         British Virgin         US$50,000         US$50,000          -       100%        -       100%       Investment holding
    Investment Limited          Island

   CMS Medical Limited         Malaysia                         -             US$1         -         -         -       100%       Investment holding
    (Note d)

   CMS Medical Venture         Hong Kong                 HK$100            HK$100          -       100%        -       100%       Investment holding
    Investment (HK) Limited

   CMS International           Macau                MOP$25,000        MOP$25,000           -       100%        -       100%       Trading of drugs
    Development and
    Management Limited
   CMS Medical Hong Kong       Hong Kong                    HK$1              HK$1         -       100%        -       100%       Investment holding
    Limited

   Shenzhen Kangzhe            PRC                RMB10,000,000     RMB10,000,000          -       100%        -       100%       Provision of service
    Pharmaceutical Service
    Limited
   CMS Pharma DMCC(Note e) Dubai                       DH50,000                     -      -       100%        -          -       Trading of drugs
   CMS Bridging DMCC(Note f) Dubai                     DH50,000                     -      -       100%        -          -       Investment holding




                                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED                         200
                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2019
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




      43. SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY - continued
                                                      Place of                       Issue and
                                                   incorporation/                     fully paid
                                                   establishment                   share capital/                       Equity interest                      Principal
                 Name of subsidiaries               and operation                 registered capital                   held by the Group                     activities
                          (Note i)                                        31 December         31 December     31 December           31 December
                                                                               2019               2018             2019                  2018
                                                                                                            Directly Indirectly   Directly Indirectly


            Luminous Future                      Hong Kong                   HK$100                 -          -       100%          -          -       Assets holding
             Investment Company
             Limited(Note g)

            Shenzhen Kangzhe Bio-Tech PRC                                RMB5,000,000               -          -       100%          -          -       Provision of service
             Limited (Note h)

            Notes:
            (a) Being inactive subsidiaries.
            (b) The subsidiary was deregistered on 23 January 2019.
            (c) The subsidiary was disposed of on 17 December 2019.
            (d) The subsidiary was disposed of on 29 November 2019.
            (e) The subsidiary was registered on 15 August 2019.
            (f) The subsidiary was registered on 15 August 2019.
            (g) The subsidiary was acquired on 25 March 2019.
            (h) The subsidiary was registered on 25 October 2019.
            (i) None of the subsidiaries had issued any debt securities at the end of the year.



      44. DISPOSAL OF A SUBSIDIARY
            On 17 December 2019, the Group entered into a sales and purchase agreement (the ‘’Agreement”) with
            purchaser (the “Purchaser”), who is the spouse of a director of CMS Pharma Co., Ltd. (“CMS Pharma”).
            Pursuant to the Agreement, the Group agreed to sell and the Purchaser agreed to purchase the entire equity
            interest in CMS Pharma, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group, at a consideration of US$1 (equivalent
            to RMB7). The consideration was determined after arm’s length negotiation between the Group and the
            Purchaser. The transaction was completed on 17 December 2019 on which date control of CMS Pharma
            passes to the purchaser.

            CMS Pharma is principally a trading company. Pursuant to the Agreement, the Group was entitled to all
            creditor’s rights and all benefits, interests, right to all receivables accrued to, and assume all liabilities and
            payables of CMS Pharma in respect of business trading, regulatory or tax arising from transactions that occurs
            prior to 17 December 2019 (i.e. the date of disposal).




201   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                  (CONTINUED)
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




44. DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES - continued
	The net assets at the date of disposal were as follows:
	Analysis of assets and liabilities over which control was lost

                                                                                                 17 December
                                                                                                        2019
                                                                                                     RMB’000

      Bank balance and cash                                                                             16,078
      Amount due to Group’s companies                                                                  (16,078)

      Cash consideration                                                                                      -

                                                                                                 31 December
                                                                                                        2019
                                                                                                     RMB’000
      Net cash outflow arising on disposal:

      Cash consideration received (Note)                                                                     -
      Less: bank balances and cash disposed of                                                         (16,078)

                                                                                                       (16,078)


      Note: US$1 (equivalent to RMB7) has been received as cash consideration.

      Gain on disposal of RMB7 has been recognised and included in “others” under others gains and losses during
      the year ended 31 December 2019.




                                                                        CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED      202
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2019
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




      45. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY
                                                                                                  2019              2018
                                                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000
            Non-current asset
             Interests in subsidiaries                                                     4,279,255             3,236,839

            Current assets
             Amount due from a subsidiary                                                  1,000,000             1,900,000
             Bank balances and cash                                                            2,019                 2,403

                                                                                           1,002,019             1,902,403

            Current liabilities
             Amount due to a subsidiary                                                           2,958              2,958
             Other payables and accruals                                                          2,218              3,698

                                                                                                  5,176              6,656

            Net current assets                                                                  996,843          1,895,747

            Total assets less current liabilities                                          5,276,098             5,132,586

            Capital and reserves
             Share capital (note 33)                                                          84,963                84,963
             Reserves                                                                      5,191,135             5,047,623

            Total equity                                                                   5,276,098             5,132,586


            Movement in reserves
                                                     Share        Capital       Accumulated      Dividend
                                                    premium       reserve          profits       reserve         Total
                                                    RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000

            Balance at 1 January 2018                2,444,296       6,960         1,148,146        346,474      3,945,876
            Profit and total comprehensive
             income for the year                             -              -      1,883,045               -     1,883,045
            Dividends paid                                   -              -       (382,041)       (346,474)     (728,515)
            Dividends proposed                               -              -       (355,691)        355,691              -
            Repurchase of ordinary shares              (52,783)             -              -               -        (52,783)
            Balance at 31 December 2018              2,391,513       6,960         2,293,459        355,691      5,047,623
            Profit and total comprehensive
             income for the year                             -           -           966,264               -       966,264
            Dividends paid                                   -           -          (467,061)       (355,691)     (822,752)
            Dividends proposed                               -           -          (315,260)        315,260             -
            Balance at 31 December 2019              2,391,513       6,960         2,477,402         315,260     5,191,135




203   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    (CONTINUED)
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




46. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
   (a) The financial impact of the outbreak of COVID-19 on the Group’s financial statements

        Since the outbreak of COVID-19 in January 2020, a series of precautionary and control measures
        have been and continued to be implemented across China and other parts of the world. The Group
        will pay close attention to the development of COVID-19. To prevent the outbreak from having
        material adverse effects on the businesses, the Group actively cooperates with the government
        for various precautionary and control measures to resume business and production, carries
        out online academic conferences, and keeps close communication with overseas suppliers.

        Given the dynamic nature of the unpredictability of future development, the directors of the Company
        consider that the financial effects on the Group’s consolidated financial statements cannot be
        reasonably estimated as at the date when these financial statements are authorised for issue, but will
        be reflected in the Group’s future financial statements for the financial year ending 2020 and onwards.

   (b) Repurchase of ordinary shares

        Subsequent to the end of the reporting period, the Company repurchased an aggregate of 9,648,000
        ordinary shares of US$0.005 each from the open market at an aggregate consideration of HK$98,164,100.
        All of the repurchased shares were cancelled on 30 March 2020.

   (c) Change of independent non-executive director of the Company

        Subsequent to the end of the reporting period, Mr. Cheung Kam Shing, Terry had resigned as an
        independent non-executive director of the Company with effect from 31 March 2020 and Ms. Luo,
        Laura Ying was appointed as an independent non-executive director with effect from 31 March 2020.



47. NON-CASH TRANSACTION
   As disclosed in note 30, during the year ended 31 December 2019, the Group acquired both shares and
   warrants issued by a company listed on LSE at a lump sum consideration of approximately GBP4,000,000
   (note 40(i)) (equivalent to approximately RMB34,705,000). Upon the acquisition, the difference between the
   aggregate of fair value of both shares and warrants at the date of initial recognition and the consideration was
   recognised as deferred consideration payables amounting approximately RMB5,787,000.




                                                                        CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         204
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2019
