CONTENTS

CORPORATE INFORMATION................................................................................................................................... 1

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS......................................................................................................................................... 2

BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS. ........................................................................................................................................ 3

CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT...................................................................................................................................... 5

MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS. ....................................................................................................... 9

DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT............................................................................................................. 43

DIRECTORS’ REPORT............................................................................................................................................. 47

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT. .................................................................................................................. 62

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT ........................................................................................................................................ 75

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME............................... 80

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION....................................................................................................... 81

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY....................................................................................................... 83

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS..................................................................................................................... 84

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS................................................................................................. 87
    CORPORATE INFORMATION


    Board of Directors                                  Principal Bankers
    Executive Directors                                 China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
    Mr. LAM Kong                                        The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited
    Ms. CHEN Yanling                                    Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited
    Non-Executive Director
    Mr. CHEN Hongbing (Resigned with effect from 18     Registered Office
    August 2025)                                        Maples Corporate Services Limited
    Independent Non-Executive Directors
                                                        PO Box 309
    Mr. LEUNG Chong Shun                                Ugland House
    Ms. LUO Laura Ying                                  Grand Cayman, KY1-1104
    Mr. FUNG Ching Simon                                Cayman Islands

    Company Secretary                                   Headquarters and Principal Place of
    Ms. WU Sanyan                                       Business in Hong Kong
    Authorized Representatives                          Unit 2106, 21/F
                                                        Island Place Tower
    Ms. WU Sanyan                                       510 King’s Road
    Mr. LAM Kong                                        North Point
                                                        Hong Kong
    Audit Committee
                                                        Principal Contact Address in the PRC
    Mr. FUNG Ching Simon (Chairman)
    Mr. LEUNG Chong Shun                                6F - 8F, Block B, Majialong Chuangxin Building
    Ms. LUO Laura Ying                                  198 Daxin Road
                                                        Nanshan District
    Remuneration Committee                              Shenzhen 518052
                                                        Guangdong Province
    Mr. LEUNG Chong Shun (Chairman)                     The PRC
    Ms. LUO Laura Ying
    Mr. FUNG Ching Simon                                Branch Share Registrar in Hong Kong
    Nomination Committee                                Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
                                                        Shops 1712-1716, 17/F, Hopewell Centre
    Ms. LUO Laura Ying (Chairman)                       183 Queen’s Road East
    Mr. LAM Kong                                        Wan Chai
    Mr. LEUNG Chong Shun                                Hong Kong
    Mr. FUNG Ching Simon
                                                        Singapore Share Transfer Agent
    Environmental, Social and                           In.Corp Corporate Services Pte. Ltd.
    Governance Committee                                36 Robinson Road
                                                        #20-01 City House
    Ms. CHEN Yanling (Chairman)
                                                        Singapore 068877
    Mr. LEUNG Chong Shun
    Mr. FUNG Ching Simon                                Stock Code
    Ms. LUO Laura Ying (Appointed with effect from 16
    March 2026)                                         Hong Kong: 867
                                                        Singapore: 8A8
    Auditors
                                                        Company’s Website
    Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
    Registered Public Interest Entity Auditors          www.cms.net.cn


1   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS


•      Turnover up 9.9% to RMB8,212.1 million (2024: RMB7,469.0 million); in the case that all medicines were directly
       sold by the Group, turnover up 8.9% to RMB9,385.6 million (2024: RMB8,621.6 million)
•      Gross profit up 8.3% to RMB5,871.5 million (2024: RMB5,422.2 million); in the case that all medicines were
       directly sold by the Group, gross profit up 8.3% to RMB5,852.0 million (2024: RMB5,405.4 million)
•      Profit for the year down 10.5% to RMB1,443.3 million (2024: RMB1,613.1 million); normalized profit for the year*
       up 3.6% to RMB1,775.5 million (2024: RMB1,713.7 million)
•      Basic earnings per share down 7.8% to RMB0.6154 (2024: RMB0.6673)
•      As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s bank balances and cash amounted to RMB2,701.4 million
•      Proposed final dividend of RMB0.1366 per share, bringing the total dividend for the year ended 31 December
       2025 to RMB0.2921 per share, representing an increase of 9.0% over last year (2024: final dividend of
       RMB0.1174 and total dividend of RMB0.2681 per share)


Summary of Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                                               As at 31 December
                                       2021             2022             2023              2024                  2025
                                  RMB'000           RMB'000          RMB'000          RMB'000                RMB'000
    Total assets                15,807,879        17,753,539       17,730,837       18,047,790             19,198,855
    Total liabilities            2,960,892         3,016,462        2,174,430         1,644,682             1,656,092
    Net assets                  12,846,987        14,737,077       15,556,407       16,403,108             17,542,763




*     Normalized profit for the year of 2025 mainly refers to excluding a one-off payment of RMB278.8 million, consisting
      of the repayment of the local income tax concession enjoyed for the years from 2022 to 2024 and the related late
      payment surcharge.



                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         2
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025
    BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS


    2025 marks a pivotal year for CMS’s strategic transformation, with growth drivers comprehensively refreshed. It is also
    the starting point for the Group’s return to a long-cycle growth trajectory. Innovative products and exclusive products
    have become the Group’s key growth engines. The impact of the national volume-based procurement programme has
    largely been digested, and the Group’s product portfolio has continued to optimize. Key exclusive/branded products
    and innovative medicines accounted for 59.8% of total revenue in the case that all medicines were directly sold by the
    Group in 2025 (2024: 52.8%). Within this, sales of innovative medicines and exclusive products grew 44.1% year-on-
    year. Since the beginning of 2025, the Group has made key progress in innovative R&D: 2 new drugs were approved
    for marketing; 6 NDAs are under review; 6 IND applications for in-house R&D products were approved; and the Group
    added 4 innovative products under collaborative development as well as 2 ophthalmology products already approved
    for marketing. The Group continued to deepen its specialty-focused strategy, and initial results have emerged
    from diversified expansion into new retail, digital channels and consumer healthcare. Its subsidiary, Dermavon, has
    established a leading position in China in the skin health field, and announced in April 2025 a proposed separate listing
    on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited by way of distribution in specie and introduction.
    Meanwhile, the Group continued to advance its industrial internationalization strategy. Following the Group’s secondary
    listing by way of introduction on the SGX-ST in July 2025, the Group’s emerging-market international footprint has
    taken shape at an accelerated pace, with Singapore serving as a hub and an end-to-end ecosystem spanning “R&D
    - manufacturing - commercialization.” This has fostered a new model of high-quality growth driven by cross-regional
    synergy.


    2 New Drugs Approved for Marketing
    •   Lumirix (ruxolitinib phosphate cream) for vitiligo– the first topical JAK inhibitor approved in China for vitiligo,
        approved for marketing in China in January 2026
    •   Desidustat Tablets - a novel oral HIF-PHI for treating anaemia in non-dialysis adult CKD patients, approved for
        marketing in China in March 2026


    6 NDAs under Review
    •   Loberamisal for Injection (Y-3 for Injection) – the world’s first brain cytoprotectant developed based on the
        important targets of stroke, PSD95-Nnos and MPO, with potential to achieve a technological breakthrough in the
        simultaneous intervention of “stroke treatment and prevention of post-stroke depression and anxiety”
    •   Comekibart Injection (MG-K10) for AD – expected to become the first long-acting (one dose every four weeks)
        anti-IL-4Rα monoclonal antibody approved in China, with BIC potential
    •   Benzgalantamine Gluconate Enteric-coated Tablets (ZUNVEYL) – the second oral therapy approved by the U.S.
        FDA for the treatment of Alzheimer’s disease in over a decade, demonstrating a potentially better gastrointestinal
        safety profile
    •   Vecantoxatug Injection – a recombinant humanized monoclonal antibody against TeNT with an excellent safety
        profile, which delivers superior protection compared with HTIG
    •   Silevimig Injection – the world’s first recombinant, fully human bispecific antibody against rabies virus targeting
        epitope I and/or epitope III of the G protein
    •   Ruxolitinib phosphate cream for AD - The first topical JAK inhibitor approved by the U.S. FDA, China NDA
        Accepted in February 2026




3   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                                        BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS
                                                                                                       (CONTINUED)




6 IND Applications for In-house R&D Products Approved
•   CMS-D002 Capsules (GnRH Receptor Antagonist) – intended for uterine fibroids
•   CMS-D001 Tablets (TYK2 Inhibitor) – intended for AD
•   CMS-D003 Capsules (Cardiac Myosin Inhibitor) – intended for the treatment of obstructive hypertrophic
    cardiomyopathy in adults
•   CMS-D017 Capsules (Complement Factor B Inhibitor) – intended for the treatment of paroxysmal nocturnal
    hemoglobinuria and complement-mediated kidney diseases; the IND applications were approved in China in
    January and February 2026, respectively
•   CMS-D008 Injection (a siRNA therapy targeting and inhibiting INHBE) – intended for the treatment of overweight/
    obesity; the IND application was approved in China in March 2026


4 New Collaborative Development Innovative Products Added
•   In September 2025, the Group entered into two separate exclusive Collaboration Agreement with Chongqing
    Genrix Biopharmaceutical Co., Ltd.for Class 1 therapeutic biological products, Vecantoxatug Injection indicated
    for passive immunization against tetanus and Silevimig Injection indicated for passive immunization following
    suspected rabies virus exposure, respectively, and obtained exclusive commercialization rights for these two
    products in mainland China and exclusive licensing rights for the rest of the Asia-Pacific region, the Middle East
    and North Africa.
•   In January 2025, the Group entered into a Collaboration Agreement with Hunan Mabgeek Biotech Co., LTD and
    its subsidiaries. In accordance with the agreement and supplementary agreements, the Group has obtained the
    co-development rights (excluding AD) and exclusive commercialization rights for MG-K10 in Mainland China,
    Hong Kong, Macau, Taiwan Region and Singapore. MG-K10 is a long-acting anti-IL-4Rα humanized monoclonal
    antibody injection, intended for type 2 inflammatory diseases including atopic dermatitis, prurigo nodularis,
    asthma, allergic rhinitis, etc.
•   In January 2025, the Group entered into a collaboration with Alpha Cognition Inc. for the improved new drug
    ZUNVEYL for the treatment of mild-to-moderate dementia of the Alzheimer’s type, and gained an exclusive right
    to develop, register, manufacture, import, export and commercialize the product in Asia (excluding Japan and the
    Middle East region) and other designated territories.


2 New Ophthalmic Products Approved for Marketing in China Added
In October 2025, the Group entered into an agreement with Novartis Pharma Services AG to introduce two anti-VEGF
ophthalmic drugs already approved for marketing in China:
• Ranibizumab Injection (“Lucentis”) – the first anti-VEGF drug approved for ophthalmic use in China. As of the end
    of the Reporting Period, it is also currently the anti-VEGF drug in China that covers the widest age range and has
    the most indications.
• Brolucizumab Injection (“Beovu”) – as of the end of the Reporting Period, the next-generation anti-VEGF drug
    with the smallest molecular weight (only 26 kDa), delivering treatment advances versus prior-generation agents,
    including potent fluid control and the potential to extend dosing intervals.




                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         4
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025
    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


    In 2025, the global economy continued its gradual recovery, supported by technological innovation and ongoing
    industrial restructuring, while emerging markets continued to generate incremental growth momentum. In parallel,
    the pharmaceutical industry is accelerating its transition from scale-driven expansion to innovation-led, high-
    quality development. The deepening convergence of life sciences and artificial intelligence (AI) is reshaping industry
    fundamentals and the value chain. Against the backdrop of the commencement of China’s 15th Five-Year Plan period,
    China’s pharmaceutical sector is entering a critical phase of policy deepening and reform: multi-payer mechanisms are
    progressively improving, regulatory review standards are moving closer to international benchmarks, and competitive
    advantage is shifting from single-product competition to system-wide capability competition. High-quality and
    sustainable development has become the industry’s long-term core theme.

    Against this backdrop, China Medical System Holdings Limited (the “Company”) has remained steadfast in a strategy
    anchored on clinical needs, driven by product value and supported by system capabilities, as we continue to
    elevate innovation and upgrade operations. We focused on long-term value creation and advanced, in a systematic
    manner, the coordinated enhancement of product competitiveness, commercialization capability, organizational
    and operational capability, and digital intelligence capability. We are progressively entering a stage of high-quality
    development underpinned by multiple growth curves—innovative products, the out-of-hospital market, and industrial
    internationalization.

    On behalf of the board of directors of the Company (the “Board”), I would like to express my sincere gratitude to all
    employees, shareholders and partners. I am pleased to present the Annual Report of the Company and its subsidiaries
    (the “Group” or “CMS”) for the year ended 31 December 2025 (the “Reporting Period”).


    From Product Competition to System Capability Competition
    With a long-term perspective, CMS has been advancing its innovation transformation for eight consecutive years. This
    transformation is not limited to product-level innovation; rather, it represents a systematic reshaping of our growth
    model, resource allocation approach and capability architecture in alignment with the structural evolution of the
    pharmaceutical industry.

    We have progressively developed a closed-loop growth model where “investment, R&D and commercialization” work
    in tandem: through industrial investments and partnerships, we extend our innovation boundaries, while investment
    returns help support R&D expenditure; leveraging a mature and replicable commercialization platform, we help guide
    R&D direction and accelerate value realization. This model helps balance innovation risk, capital efficiency and long-
    term returns, and has enhanced the Group’s operational resilience and visibility across cycles.

    In terms of product strategy, we pursue multiple innovation pathways in parallel—“in-licensing, co-development and
    in-house R&D”—to build an evolution path from fast-following to co-leading, and ultimately to leadership. To date, the
    Group has established a differentiated and tiered innovative product portfolio, and has built end-to-end capabilities
    spanning original innovation, clinical development and commercial execution—laying a solid foundation for long-
    term growth. As at 16 March 2026, the Group’s differentiated innovation pipeline had expanded to approximately
    50 programs, of which 7 innovative drugs have entered the commercialization stage, 6 are under marketing
    authorization review, and approximately 20 projects are about to initiate or are progressing through clinical trials—
    forming a sustainable and structurally robust pipeline. We have proactively embedded commercialization feasibility
    into innovation planning and decision-making, strengthening the alignment among product strategy, clinical value,
    access environment and market demand, thereby achieving a high degree of coupling between product strength and
    commercialization capability.
5   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                                         CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
                                                                                                           (CONTINUED)




Meanwhile, we continued to strengthen our in-house R&D capabilities and maintained a disciplined level of R&D
investment. Building on our established specialty strengths in Cardiovascular-Kidney-Metabolic diseases, central
nervous system, gastroenterology, ophthalmology and skin health, we focus our pipeline on areas of unmet clinical
needs to support the continuity and quality of our innovation engine. We recognize that in-house R&D is not only a
source of product reserves, but also the foundation for specialty deepening and technology platform accumulation.
Through sustained investment and systematic capability building, we continue to enhance technical barriers and
control over core assets, reinforcing the long-term competitiveness of our key specialties and providing internal
momentum and strategic support for the Group’s long-term development.


Building Anti-Cyclical Resilience Through a Diversified Ecosystem
As multi-layer payment systems continue to improve and treatment scenarios become more diversified, the Group
has adopted a dual-engine approach driven by “professional clinical value” and “consumer healthcare demand”. While
consolidating our in-hospital specialty strengths and academic foundation, we have also proactively built an out-of-
hospital market system, forming a diversified commercial ecosystem with reduced dependence on any single pathway,
thereby improving business stability and anti-cyclical resilience.

From a payer-mix perspective, we continue to strengthen a multi-tier payer ecosystem. While consolidating our in-
hospital market, we are further unlocking the extended value of our products in consumer healthcare settings and
accelerating expansion into out-of-hospital channels for incremental growth. In parallel, we are systematically building
out our non-reimbursed product portfolio and proactively expanding partnerships with commercial insurers and private
healthcare providers. By continuously improving product access and coverage across diverse payment scenarios, we
are further optimizing our revenue mix.

On channel development, the Group is building an “omni-channel system”. On the basis of deepening penetration in
the public hospital market, we are integrating retail pharmacy networks, DTP pharmacies, B2C e-commerce platforms
and O2O service scenarios, forming online-to-offline integrated operating capabilities. This further improves drug
supply and service accessibility, and supports the shift of prescriptions to retail channels as well as patients’ rational
medication needs.

On professional influence, we continue to promote the dissemination of evidence-based medical outcomes
and standardized diagnosis and treatment information, enhancing the linkage and synergy between “in-hospital
professional voice” and “out-of-hospital influence expansion”, and strengthening specialty brand professionalism and
academic recognition.

At the specialty platform level, we continue to consolidate competitive advantages in core therapeutic areas including
Cardiovascular-Kidney-Metabolic diseases, central nervous system and gastroenterology. In parallel, we are unlocking
the internal potential of our skin health and ophthalmology segments through professionalized and increasingly
independent operating mechanisms. The Group’s skin health business, Dermavon has developed into China’s leading
innovative pharmaceutical company specialized in skin health, and in April 2025 applied for a separate listing on the
Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “SEHK”) by way of introduction and distribution in
specie. CMS Vision, focused on the ophthalmology specialty field with multi-dimensional expansion into otolaryngology
(ear, nose, and throat, “ENT”), has been scaling up its operations progressively.




                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          6
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025
    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
    (CONTINUED)




    Upgrading “Going Global” Through Industrial Internationalization
    Driven by deepening healthcare coverage, accelerated population ageing, and structural economic growth, emerging
    markets such as Southeast Asia and the Middle East are becoming among the most dynamic healthcare growth hubs
    globally.

    Building on more than 30 years of clinical insights, industry resources and commercialization experience accumulated
    in China, and with a clear understanding of the significant differences in regulatory systems, channel structures
    and payment environments across emerging markets, the Group has proactively established an “industrial
    internationalization” pathway. With Singapore as our business hub for emerging markets in Asia Pacific, we
    are systematically building an end-to-end value chain covering R&D (CMS R&D), manufacturing (our associate
    PharmaGend) and commercialization (Rxilient), aiming to build a replicable and scalable long-term growth model.

    In July 2025, the Group successfully completed a secondary listing by way of introduction on Singapore Exchange
    Securities Trading Limited (the “SGX-ST”), marking another milestone in our “industrial internationalization” strategy.
    The secondary listing broadened our long-term capital base for the Asia-Pacific market and enhanced CMS’s brand
    profile and industry visibility in the region, providing a stronger foundation for regional resource integration and deeper
    expansion across emerging markets.

    On the one hand, supported by local teams with strong on-the-ground experience, we are accelerating the “spillover”
    of the Group’s differentiated product resources into emerging markets through local registration and commercialization,
    unlocking incremental cross-regional growth potential from our portfolio. On the other hand, we are converting our
    industrial capabilities into an open ecosystem enabler by delivering professional commercialization execution and
    CDMO contract manufacturing services, providing global partners with “one-stop, end-to-end” go-global solutions.
    This helps improve regional drug accessibility while building a mutually beneficial pharmaceutical ecosystem.

    As at the end of the Reporting Period, Rxilient had cumulatively submitted close to 20 marketing authorization
    applications for pharmaceuticals and medical devices in Asia Pacific and the Middle East, with certain products
    approved and entering commercialization. Meanwhile, we added approximately 20 products with exclusive license
    rights in emerging markets across Southeast Asia, the Middle East and North Africa, and expanded authorized
    territories for the first time to Latin America as well as Australia and New Zealand, further enhancing the breadth and
    optionality of our international footprint.


    Digital Intelligence Enablement and System Operations Upgrade
    During the Reporting Period, the Group continued to strengthen system-based operational capabilities, enhancing
    process standardization and refined management. We are building an agile organization oriented towards value
    creation, breaking down internal silos and improving cross-functional collaboration efficiency, so that strategy can be
    effectively translated into tangible operating outcomes.

    At the same time, we elevated digitalization and AI initiatives to the level of strategic infrastructure. We continued
    to advance the online enablement of core business processes, accumulation of data assets, and upgrades to
    management analytics capabilities. We are progressively connecting end-to-end data across R&D, commercialization
    and operational management, driving a transition from experience-driven to data-driven management, and improving
    operational efficiency and management precision to support long-term high-quality development.



7   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                                         CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
                                                                                                           (CONTINUED)




Sustainable Development and Social Responsibility
The Group remains committed to fulfilling the responsibilities of a pharmaceutical company in response to the times
and the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals, contributing to human health and sustainable development.
We focus on accessibility and equity in healthcare, continue to invest in innovative drugs and rare disease therapies,
and address unmet clinical needs through scientific breakthroughs. We also deepen public welfare initiatives including
health education, drug assistance, disaster relief and rural revitalization, helping narrow gaps in health awareness
and economic conditions through practical actions. In addition, we place emphasis on employee development and
environmental responsibility, working together with stakeholders to promote long-term alignment and co-growth of
corporate value and social value.

Leveraging our outstanding practices in environmental, social and governance (ESG), the Group has received
recognition from a number of global authoritative rating agencies, including maintaining an “AA” rating from MSCI ESG
Ratings, inclusion in S&P Global’s Sustainability Yearbook (Global and China editions), and an upgrade of Wind ESG
rating to “AA”, among others.


Outlook
Looking ahead, the pharmaceutical industry remains in a period of deep adjustment and structural reshaping, and
competition is expected to increasingly focus on product strength, system capabilities and strategic discipline. The
Group will continue to anchor on unmet clinical needs, deepen innovation upgrading, strengthen commercialization
capabilities, advance industrial internationalization and accelerate digital intelligence-enabled operational upgrades. We
will move forward with focus and adaptability, and steadily progress towards a new phase of high-quality, sustainable
and international development, with a view to creating long-term and resilient value returns for shareholders, patients
and society.



                                                                                                        Chairman
                                                                                                        Lam Kong
                                                                                                     Hong Kong, China
                                                                                                      16 March 2026




                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          8
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION
    AND ANALYSIS

    Company Overview
    China Medical System Holdings Limited (the “Company”, together with its subsidiaries, the “Group” or “CMS”) is an
    open platform company linking medical innovation with commercialization and provides end-to-end product life-cycle
    management. The Group is committed to providing competitive products and services that address unmet medical
    needs.

    Driven by a dual-engine model of “collaborative development + in-house R&D,” the Group continues to expand
    a differentiated innovation pipeline featuring first-in-class (“FIC”) and best-in-class (“BIC”) assets, while efficiently
    advancing clinical research, development and commercialization. Through this approach, we accelerate the translation
    of scientific breakthroughs into clinical practice and deliver tangible improvements in patient outcomes. As of 16
    March 2026, the Group’s differentiated innovation pipeline had expanded to approximately 50 programs, of which 7
    innovative drugs have been approved in China.

    Focusing on several specialty therapeutic fields, the Group has built an efficient commercialization system anchored in
    medical value, supported by broad channel coverage and multi-disease-area resources. Our core marketed products
    have achieved leading academic recognition and market positions. Building on our established specialty strengths, the
    Group continues to deepen its focus to enhance the scale and efficiency of our specialty businesses in Cardiovascular-
    Kidney-Metabolic, central nervous system (CNS), gastroenterology, ophthalmology, and skin health businesses.
    Notably, our skin health business, Dermavon, has grown into a leading pharmaceutical company in China specialized
    in innovative skin health products and is proposed to be separately listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange
    of Hong Kong Limited.

    In parallel, the Group is actively executing its “industrial internationalization” strategy, leveraging Singapore as a hub for
    emerging markets to build an efficient, end-to-end value chain with strong “R&D – manufacturing – commercialization”
    synergies. Following our secondary listing in Singapore, we have further strengthened strategic recognition and
    connectivity to resources in international market, enabling new avenues for high-quality, sustainable growth.


    Business Review
    In 2025, China’s pharmaceutical industry entered a profound transformation phase under a macro policy framework
    of “structural encouragement of innovation.” A recovery in domestic demand and a steady rebound in healthcare
    spending provided a more supportive demand backdrop for the ramp-up of innovative products. The formal
    release of the Several Measures to Support the High-Quality Development of Innovative Drugs materially improved
    the ecosystem across R&D, market access and payment, accelerating commercialization of innovative therapies.
    Continued refinement of the National Reimbursement Drug List (NRDL) dynamic adjustment mechanism, together with
    the normalization of volume-based procurement (VBP), further redirected resources toward products with differentiated
    advantages. Meanwhile, the global relevance of China-originated innovation assets continued to rise, with cross-
    border partnerships becoming increasingly active. Industry competition has shifted to a higher level—defined by R&D
    foresight, the ability to integrate global resources, and the breadth and depth of commercialization execution.




9   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                          (CONTINUED)




In response to the industry’s profound evolution, the Group remains firmly committed to its three strategic pillars:
“Product Innovation”, “Commercial Model Reform” and “International Expansion” and continues to transition steadily
toward an innovation-driven, specialty-focused and operationally efficient international pharmaceutical company. To
further strengthen our R&D ecosystem, we not only advance co-development programs with our R&D partners, but
also make strategic equity investments in selected partners, proactively positioning the Group in frontier biotechnology.
Leveraging our strong clinical development and commercialization capabilities, we continue to provide full-lifecycle
empowerment to our investee companies and collaborative programs, accelerating technology translation and
development progress. We also reinvest investment returns back into innovation R&D and, through collaboration of
innovative product candidates, further enrich our commercialization pipeline—thereby establishing a value-enhancing
ecosystem that links “Investment, Innovation and Commercialization.” In parallel, the Group is deeply embedding
AI-enabled digital intelligence across the entire value chain, including R&D, manufacturing, commercialization, and
corporate management, to drive process re-engineering and lift productivity per capita, optimize product decision-
making, resource allocation and ROI management, and enhance operating efficiency and decision agility, in support of
the Group’s long-term development. Through the synergy of our strategic execution, innovation engine, investment-
ecosystem synergy and digital enablement, the Group is accelerating toward multi-engine, high-quality and sustainable
growth—entering a new chapter in the rise of the “New CMS.”

In 2025, the Group’s operational performance returned to a growth trajectory amid continuous portfolio optimization,
with both turnover and normalized annual profit posting solid year-on-year increases:

Turnover reached RMB8,212.1 million, representing a 9.9% year-on-year increase (2024: RMB7,469.0 million). In the
case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group, turnover amounted to RMB9,385.6 million, up 8.9% year-
on-year (2024: RMB8,621.6 million). In the case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group, sales from key
exclusive/branded products and innovative products reached RMB5,613.4 million, representing a year-on-year growth
of 23.3% (2024: RMB4,551.3 million), accounting for 59.8% of total turnover (2024: 52.8%). Within this segment,
exclusive and innovative drugs grew by 44.1%, solidifying their position as the core growth engine. Due to the impact
of certain non-recurring and non-operational items, the profit for the year of 2025 was RMB1,443.3 million, a decrease
of 10.5% year-on-year (2024: RMB1,613.1 million). Excluding the effect of these non-recurring and non-operational
items, the Group’s normalized annual profit reached RMB1,775.5 million, representing a 3.6% year-on-year increase
(2024: RMB1,713.7 million), which objectively reflects the Group’s profitability of ongoing operations.

Supported by the Group’s solid financial position, the Board has proposed a final dividend of RMB0.1366 per share
(excluding treasury shares). Together with the interim dividend, the total annual dividend per share for 2025 amounts
to RMB0.2921, representing a 9.0% increase over 2024. This demonstrates the Group’s commitment to reward
shareholders for their sustained support and confidence in the long-term development of the Group.




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          10
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     The Group has adopted a “Collaborative Development + In-house R&D” model to build an innovation engine that
     combines near-term certainty and long-term potential. “Collaborative Development” safeguards the richness and
     competitiveness of the short-term and mid-term pipeline, rapidly broadening the product matrix; “In-house R&D”
     involves deep deployment in advanced biotechnology, building the cornerstone for long-term development and a
     sustained innovation driver. Since the beginning of 2025, the Group’s tiered innovation portfolio continued to expand
     and upgrade in both scale and quality: two new drugs were approved for marketing, namely Lumirix (ruxolitinib
     phosphate cream) for vitiligo (approved for marketing in China in January 2026) and Desidustat Tablets (approved for
     marketing in China in March 2026). Marketed innovative drugs accelerated their ramp-up, gradually generating scale
     effects in promotion. Six innovative drugs are under China’s NDA review, building momentum for subsequent growth,
     namely Loberamisal for Injection (Y-3 for Injection); the innovative products newly added during the year, Silevimig
     Injection and Vecantoxatug Injection; Benzgalantamine Gluconate Enteric-coated Tablets (ZUNVEYL), Comekibart
     Injection (MG-K10 for Atopic Dermatitis (AD)) and ruxolitinib phosphate cream for AD (China NDA accepted in February
     2026). In-house R&D products with global rights, including the GnRH receptor antagonist (CMS-D002), the GLP-1R/
     GCGR dual agonist (CMS-D005), the cardiac myosin inhibitor (CMS-D003), the TYK2 inhibitor (CMS-D001), and the
     complement factor B inhibitor (CMS-D017) (entered China Phase I clinical trial in March 2026) have advanced steadily
     in clinical development, strengthening the Group’s proprietary innovative asset base.

     The Group has cultivated a strong presence in specialty-disease therapeutics. Beyond its core markets, the Group
     is proactively building and scaling an out-of-hospital growth engine centered on “new retail, digital channels and
     consumer healthcare” to capture the opportunities arising from prescription outflow, a more diversified payment
     landscape and growing consumer healthcare demand. In parallel, it is strengthening channel reach and brand
     building to unlock incremental growth through a robust out-of-hospital ecosystem. The Group’s skin health business,
     Dermavon, has established a leading position in China’s skin health sector. Dermavon is proposed to be spun off and
     listed independently on the Main Board of the SEHK by way of introduction, together with a distribution in specie of its
     shares, aiming to unlock its standalone value and high-growth potential.

     In addition, the Group is actively deepening its “Industrial Internationalization” footprint, building a highly efficient, end-
     to-end ecosystem spanning “R&D, manufacturing and commercialization.” On 15 July 2025, the Group successfully
     completed a secondary listing on the SGX-ST by way of introduction, and is leveraging this milestone as a strategic
     anchor to advance deeper penetration into emerging markets, shaping a new multi-regional and sustainable growth
     landscape.

     Looking back on 2025, CMS has achieved milestone strategic breakthroughs. Going forward, as the “New CMS”
     strategy is comprehensively implemented, the Group will stay committed to innovation as its core engine, continuously
     build a diversified commercialization ecosystem with coordinated in-hospital and out-of-hospital channels, accelerate
     the realization of its “Industrial Internationalization” system advantages across emerging markets, and embed AI-
     enabled digital intelligence throughout operations and management. With strong development resilience and strategic
     momentum, the Group is steadily evolving into an innovation-driven multinational pharmaceutical company rooted in
     China and competing across emerging markets globally, creating enduring value for the global healthcare industry.




11   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                         (CONTINUED)




I. Innovation R&D System
“Innovation-driven” is a vital endogenous engine for the Group’s high-quality and sustainable development. We have
established a systematic monitoring mechanism for market trends and frontier technologies. Through a dual-driven
strategy of "Collaborative Development + In-house R&D," we have constructed an innovative product development
matrix characterized by diversified pathways and dynamic synergy, continuously promoting a tiered differentiated
pipeline centered on FIC and BIC products. Leveraging our full-chain R&D system—which spans from target discovery
to new drug registration—we empower the efficient transformation of cutting-edge biotechnology into clinical value,
bringing more breakthrough disease solutions to patients.

As of 16 March 2026, the Group has strategically deployed approximately 50 differentiated innovative pipeline
products, forming a tiered portfolio structured as “early-stage incubation - clinical developments - regulatory review -
market scaling.” Among these, 7 innovative drugs (Lumirix for vitiligo, ILUMETRI, VELPHORO, Metoject, Desidustat
Tablets, VALTOCO and LUMEBLUE) have been approved for marketing in China. 6 innovative drugs (Loberamisal for
Injection, Silevimig Injection, Vecantoxatug Injection, Benzgalantamine Gluconate Enteric-coated Tablets, Comekibart
Injection for AD, and ruxolitinib phosphate cream for AD) are under NDA review in China. Approximately 20 projects
are about to initiate or are progressing through clinical trials. Within this category, approximately 6 in-house R&D
projects with global independent intellectual property rights have entered into the clinical stage. Furthermore, the
Group’s in-house R&D pipeline possesses over 20 candidate products currently in the pre-clinical research stage.

In January 2026, Lumirix (ruxolitinib phosphate cream) obtained China NDA approval for vitiligo, becoming the first
topical JAK inhibitor approved in China for vitiligo. The China NDA for its AD indication was accepted in February
2026. In March 2026, a novel oral Hypoxia-Inducible Factor Prolyl Hydroxylase Inhibitor (HIF-PHI) Desidustat Tablets
was approved for marketing in China for treating anaemia in non-dialysis adult CKD patients.


1. Innovative Products of CMS
1.1 Core Innovative Drugs Approved for Marketing in China
•     VELPHORO (Sucroferric Oxyhydroxide Chewable Tablets) – China’s first iron-based, non-calcium
      phosphate binder (PB), providing potent phosphorus reduction with lower pill burden, and improving
      nutritional status in patients; approved in China in 2023; in the Category B of NRDL

VELPHORO is indicated for the control of serum phosphorus (sP) levels in adult chronic kidney disease (CKD) patients
on hemodialysis or peritoneal dialysis, and filled the gap of phosphorus-lowering treatment for Chinese paediatric
patients aged 12 to 18 years old with CKD stages 4-5 (defined by a glomerular filtration rate <30 mL/min/1.73 m²) or
CKD on dialysis. Moreover, in January 2026, the Supplemental New Drug Application of the product for the control
of sP levels in pediatric patients 9 years of age and older with CKD stages 4-5 or with CKD on dialysis was approved
by the China National Medical Products Administration (NMPA). It is demonstrated in multiple global clinical studies,
real-world study (RWS) data and the Chinese instruction that compared with other PBs, patients maintained on
VELPHORO used about 50% fewer PB pills/day, and the proportion of patients achieving target sP increased by
95%. VELPHORO has characteristics of good safety and patient compliance without risk of calcium and heavy metal
accumulation. In addition, it holds the advantages of unaffected absorption of oral liposoluble vitamin D, maintaining
stable iron parameters, improving the nutritional status in patients, etc.




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         12
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     During the Reporting Period, the product was included in the “Chinese expert consensus on the clinical management
     of hyperphosphatemia in patients with chronic kidney disease (2025 edition)” and the “Clinical practice guidelines
     for management of chronic kidney disease during peridialysis in China (2025)”. Meanwhile, taking the opportunity
     of the National Health Commission’s prioritization of “improving sP control rates in patients on dialysis” as a key
     quality control improvement target, the product leveraged its core advantage of “achieving target with good sP levels
     reduction” to further consolidate its leading position in the field of dialysis hyperphosphatemia treatment.

      •     Metoject (Methotrexate (MTX) Injection)– China’s first pre-filled MTX Injection for subcutaneous
            administration for the treatment of RA and psoriasis; its core indication of RA was approved in China
            in 2024; in the Category A of NRDL

     Metoject is indicated for the treatment of active rheumatoid arthritis (RA) in adult patients, and severe recalcitrant
     disabling psoriasis in adult patients. The results of the bridge clinical trial of its RA indication in China demonstrate
     that after 12 weeks of treatment, compared to oral methotrexate tablets, the changes of DAS28-ESR score of
     patients treated by Metoject compared with the baseline achieved non-inferiority, and the results of secondary
     efficacy indicators suggest that the efficacy of Metoject is significantly better or there is a trend of better. In addition,
     some of the curative effects that can be observed in the early stage of the product are more obvious than those of
     methotrexate tablets, suggesting that the curative effect of the product appears earlier, with a lower incidence of
     gastrointestinal adverse reactions. The results were published in the academic journal Rheumatology in February
     2025.

     During the Reporting Period, the product was recommended by authoritative guidelines, including “Consensus on
     early diagnosis and treatment of psoriatic arthritis (2025)” and “EULAR Recommendations for the Management of
     Rheumatoid Arthritis-2025 Update” published by the European Alliance of Associations for Rheumatology (EULAR).
     During the Reporting Period, the Group further strengthened Metoject’s core position as the first-line treatment and
     anchor combination therapy for RA. Leveraging a matrix of academic platforms, the Group translated Metoject’s core
     advantages of “rapid onset, strong efficacy, durable efficacy and synergistic efficacy”, together with its convenient
     injection features, into broad clinical recognition and practice, promoting standardized upgrading of RA management,
     and enabling long-term patient benefits.

      •     Desidustat Tablets - A novel oral Hypoxia-Inducible Factor Prolyl Hydroxylase Inhibitor; approved in
            China in March 2026

     Desidustat Tablets is indicated for treating anaemia in non-dialysis adult patients with Chronic Kidney Disease
     (CKD). Its mechanism of action promotes erythropoiesis through increasing endogenous erythropoietin, improving
     iron availability and reducing hepcidin. The product is administrated orally, thus expecting to improve the treatment
     compliance of patients. The China Phase III clinical trial of Desidustat Tablets has demonstrated positive results. The
     primary endpoint of the haemoglobin (Hb) mean change from baseline to the period of Week 7-9 has indicated that,
     Desidustat is more effective than placebo in increasing Hb level. Results from the extension study demonstrate that
     the product can maintain Hb level within the target range over the long term with acceptable safety. In addition, the
     product significantly reduces hepcidin levels and ameliorates iron metabolism disorders.




13   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                             (CONTINUED)




1.2 Innovative Drugs under NDA Review in China
 •     Loberamisal for Injection (Y-3 for Injection) – The world’s first brain cytoprotectant developed based
       on the important targets of stroke, PSD95-Nnos and MPO, with potential to achieve a technological
       breakthrough in the simultaneous intervention of "stroke treatment and prevention of post-stroke
       depression and anxiety"; China NDA accepted in December 2025

Y-3 for Injection is intended for the treatment of acute ischemic stroke. As an innovative drug with well-defined targets
and clear mechanism of action, Y-3 for Injection acts on multiple key pathological processes of the ischemic cascade
in ischemic stroke through multi-target, highly selective synergy: the product is able to uncouple PSD95-nNOS, inhibit
MPO activity, and enhance the activity of α2-GABAA receptor (a subtype of GABAA receptor with antidepressant
and anxiolytic effects). With this multi-target, highly selective synergistic mechanism, it is expected to achieve a
technological breakthrough in the simultaneous intervention of "stroke treatment and prevention of post-stroke
depression and anxiety".

During the Reporting Period, Y-3 for Injection completed the Phase III clinical trial in China and met the primary efficacy
endpoint: patients in the Y-3 for Injection group demonstrated a significantly higher proportion of patients achieving an
excellent functional outcome at 90 days than those in the placebo group, with a rate difference of 13%. The relative
risk (RR) of 1.24 (95% CI 1.12 - 1.36), representing a statistically significant difference which suggests that the product
can significantly improve the functional outcomes of patients with acute ischemic stroke. Meanwhile, the product
demonstrated a favorable safety profile. Furthermore, exploratory outcome analysis also indicated that the product
has certain advantages in improving post-stroke depression and anxiety. The full study results of the Phase III trial will
be submitted for publication in international academic journals. Previously, the results of Phase II clinical trial presented
at the 10th European Stroke Organisation Conference in 2024 ("ESOC 2024") indicated that among patients with
ischemic stroke within 48 hours of onset, treatment with Y-3 group (40 mg, qd) demonstrated a significantly higher
proportion of patients achieving an excellent functional outcome (mRS of 0-1) at 90 days than those in the placebo
group, with a rate difference of 16% (76.7% vs 60.7%). Moreover, the product showed comparable safety to placebo
in acute ischemic stroke patients, exhibiting good tolerability.

 •     Silevimig Injection – The world’s first recombinant, fully human bispecific antibody against rabies
       virus targeting epitope I and/or epitope III of the G protein; China NDA accepted in January 2025

Silevimig Injection is intended for passive immunization following suspected rabies virus (RABV) exposure in adults.
If approved for marketing, it is expected to improve the limitations of existing passive immunization agents in terms
of safety and accessibility, leveraging its differentiated competitive advantages. Its molecular design is consistent
with the World Health Organization ("WHO")’s recommendation of "cocktail" combinations for anti-RABV antibody
development, to ensure broad effectiveness across different viral strains and genotypes. As a Class 1 innovative
biologic, Silevimig Injection supports large-scale, standardized production. In addition, it has advantages such as
broad neutralization, low immunogenicity, minimal interference with vaccine-induced active immunity, and controlled
production cost.




                                                                                CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           14
                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     In a Phase III clinical trial in China for passive immunization following suspected RABV exposure in adults, the product
     met its primary efficacy endpoint, demonstrating non-inferior protective efficacy compared with human rabies
     immunoglobulin (HRIG), the currently most used passive immunization product in China. The study confirmed that
     Silevimig provides immediate protection during the early stages of rabies virus exposure without compromising the
     active immune response induced by vaccination. During the Reporting Period, the Phase III clinical trial in China for
     Silevimig in children and adolescents aged 2 to <18 years requiring passive immunization following suspected rabies
     virus exposure is progressing in an orderly manner.

     •      Vecantoxatug Injection - A recombinant humanized monoclonal antibody against tetanus neurotoxin
            (TeNT) with an excellent safety profile, which delivers superior protection compared with human
            tetanus immunoglobulin (HTIG); China NDA accepted in May 2025

     Vecantoxatug Injection is intended for passive immunization against tetanus. If approved for marketing, it is expected
     to provide an advanced preventive and therapeutic option of passive immunization for patients following tetanus
     exposure. The product is a recombinant humanized monoclonal antibody, which binds to the fragment C domain
     of the TeNT heavy chain (TeNT-Hc). By specifically binding TeNT-Hc, it effectively blocks toxin entry into neurons,
     providing passive immunization. Vecantoxatug is able to provide greater protection than HTIG, while demonstrating
     excellent safety, tolerability, and low immunogenicity, with enhanced controllability and accessibility. As a Class
     1 innovative biologic, the product is expected to address limitations associated with tetanus antitoxin, equine-
     derived tetanus immunoglobulin and HTIG, including the risks of allergic reactions and potential infectious pathogen
     transmissions. During the Reporting Period, its Phase III clinical trial in China for passive immunization against tetanus
     successfully met the primary efficacy endpoint.

     •      Benzgalantamine Gluconate Enteric-coated Tablets (ZUNVEYL) – The second oral therapy approved
            by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of Alzheimer’s disease in over a
            decade, demonstrating a potentially better gastrointestinal safety profile; China NDA accepted in
            July 2025

     ZUNVEYL is indicated for the treatment of mild-to-moderate dementia of the Alzheimer’s type in adults. The product
     is expected to improve compliance of Alzheimer’s disease patients. As a new generation of acetylcholinesterase
     inhibitor (AChEI), ZUNVEYL can inhibit the acetylcholinesterase from breaking down the neurotransmitter acetylcholine,
     increase the level of acetylcholine in the central nervous system, and therefore alleviate cognition and memory
     impairment in Alzheimer’s disease patients. As a prodrug of galantamine, ZUNVEYL remains inert as it passes through
     the stomach and the intestine, and eventually releases the active drug into the bloodstream after being metabolized
     by the liver, with the potential of reducing gastrointestinal (GI) side effects and addressing certain tolerability issues.
     GI adverse events documented across all studies for ZUNVEYL were less than 2% and no insomnia was observed.
     Meanwhile, ZUNVEYL is expected to have equivalent efficacy as galantamine. Galantamine has accumulated extensive
     evidence of efficacy and demonstrated long-term clinical benefit in the treatment of mild-to-moderate dementia of the
     Alzheimer’s type since the approval of FDA in 2001.




15   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                            (CONTINUED)




1.3 Innovative Drugs under Clinical Development in China
 •     ABP-671 - An innovative URAT1 inhibitor, which is expected to be a first-line treatment, offering
       long-term administration with superior serum uric acid control and optimized gout management;
       China Phase IIb/III clinical trial ongoing

As an oral small molecule Class 1 innovative drug, ABP-671 is a highly selective Urate Anion Transporter 1 ("URAT1")
inhibitor. ABP-671 eliminates the production of toxic metabolites by optimizing the chemical structure. This innovative
molecular design directly targets the critical safety limitations of existing gout and hyperuricemia treatments. Its safety
and tolerability have been validated through over 10 clinical trials across China, the U.S., Australia, and other major
markets. Unlike marketed drugs and investigational therapies, no serious adverse events (SAEs) related to the liver,
kidneys, heart, or gastrointestinal system were reported. ABP-671 demonstrated exceptional safety and strong
tolerability. Based on the clinical results and literature data, a daily dose of 2-4 mg of ABP-671 may offer efficacy
comparable to, or even exceeding, that of the highest approved doses (80 mg) of benzbromarone or febuxostat. In
addition, ABP-671 showed strong efficacy in dissolving tophi. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the China Phase
IIb/III clinical trial for ABP-671 was advancing in an orderly manner.

The China Phase IIa clinical trial of the product successfully achieved its endpoints. At a dose 1 mg group of ABP-
671, over 86% of the subjects with gout or hyperuricemia achieved the primary endpoint (sUA levels <6 mg/dL or
360 μmol/L). At other doses, 100% of subjects achieved the primary endpoint (sUA levels <6 mg/dL). At doses of
6 mg group and 12 mg group, 100% of subjects achieved sUA levels <5 mg/dL (300 μmol/L); and there were 57%
and 100% of subjects achieved sUA levels <4 mg/dL (240 μmol/L), respectively. No significant adverse events have
occurred, and ABP-671 is well tolerated.

 •     Comekibart Injection (MG-K10) - Expected to become the first long-acting (one dose every four
       weeks) anti-IL-4Rα monoclonal antibody approved in China, with BIC potential; China Phase III
       clinical trial for asthma and seasonal allergic rhinitis ongoing

MG-K10 exerts immunomodulatory effects by simultaneously blocking the signaling of key type 2 inflammatory
cytokines IL-4 and IL-13. Its Fc mutation effectively prolongs half-life and enables a longer dosing interval, thereby
improving compliance in patients with chronic diseases. Its existing clinical data demonstrate that MG-K10 has
favourable efficacy and safety profile.

As of the end of the Reporting Period, MG-K10 is the only long-acting anti-IL-4Rα antibody candidate that has been
validated in Phase III studies among marketed and clinical-stage anti-IL-4Rα antibodies. The asthma and seasonal
allergic rhinitis indications have entered the China Phase III clinical trial stage. Additionally, the product has obtained
IND approvals for eosinophilic esophagitis, chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps and chronic obstructive pulmonary
disease in China. (Note: See “Section 2. Innovative Products of Dermavon - 2.2 Innovative Drugs under NDA Review
in China” for more information about progress on dermatology indications)




                                                                               CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          16
                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     1.4 In-house R&D – Major Clinical-Stage Pipelines with Global Rights
      •     CMS-D002 Capsules (GnRH Receptor Antagonist) – China Phase II clinical trial ongoing

     In February 2026, a multi-center, randomized, double-blind, parallel-group, placebo-controlled Phase II clinical
     study to evaluate the efficacy and safety of CMS-D002 capsules at different dose levels in participants with uterine
     fibroids associated with heavy menstrual bleeding, is progressing smoothly. The product may be developed to treat
     endometriosis, uterine fibroids, prostate cancer, and other diseases in the future.

      •     CMS-D005 Injection (GLP-1R/GCGR Dual Agonist) – China Phase I clinical trial ongoing

     As of the end of the Reporting Period, a Phase I clinical trial to evaluate the safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetic and
     pharmacodynamic profile of the product in healthy and overweight/obese adult subjects in China, was progressing
     smoothly. The product may also be developed in the future to treat metabolic dysfunction-associated steatohepatitis,
     polycystic ovary syndrome and other metabolism-related diseases.

      •     CMS-D003 Capsules (Cardiac Myosin Inhibitor) – China Phase I clinical trial ongoing

     As of the end of the Reporting Period, a Phase I clinical trial to evaluate the safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetics
     and pharmacodynamics of the product in healthy adults in China, was progressing smoothly. The product may be
     developed in the future to treat oHCM, heart failure with preserved ejection fraction and other diseases.

      •     CMS-D017 Capsules (Complement Factor B Inhibitor) – China Phase I clinical trial ongoing

     In January and February 2026, respectively, it was granted China Investigational New Drug (IND) approvals to conduct
     clinical trials in healthy participants in China to evaluate the safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetic, and pharmacodynamic
     characteristics of the product. In March 2026, a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled, dose-escalation Phase
     I clinical trial to evaluate the safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of single and multiple doses
     of CMS-D017 in healthy participants is progressing smoothly. The product may be developed in the future to treat
     paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria and complement-mediated kidney disease, including but not limited to IgA
     nephropathy, idiopathic membranous nephropathy, lupus nephritis, C3 glomerulopathy and other diseases.

      •     CMS-D008 Injection (a siRNA therapy targeting and inhibiting INHBE) – Obtained China IND Approval

     In March 2026, it was granted China IND approval to conduct clinical trials of CMS-D008 injection for overweight or
     obese individuals. In the future, it may be developed for the treatment of overweight/obesity, abdominal obesity, and
     related metabolic diseases.




17   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                         (CONTINUED)




1.5 Replenishment of Pipeline

•   In September 2025, the Group entered into two separate exclusive Collaboration Agreement with Chongqing
    Genrix Biopharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Genrix Bio”) for Class 1 therapeutic biological products, Vecantoxatug
    Injection and Silevimig Injection, and obtained exclusive commercialization rights for these two products in
    mainland China and exclusive licensing rights for the rest of the Asia-Pacific region, the Middle East and North
    Africa.

•   In January 2025, the Group entered into a Collaboration Agreement with Hunan Mabgeek Biotech Co., LTD
    ("Mabgeek Biotech") and its subsidiaries for Class 1 innovative drug anti-IL-4Rα humanized monoclonal antibody
    injection MG-K10. In accordance with the agreement and supplementary agreements, the Group has obtained the
    co-development rights (excluding AD) and exclusive commercialization rights for the product in Mainland China,
    Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (“Hong Kong”), Macau Special Administrative Region (“Macau”), Taiwan
    Region and Singapore. Among them, the co-development rights (excluding AD) and exclusive commercialization
    rights of dermatology indications in Mainland China belong to Dermavon.

•   In January 2025, the Group entered into a License, Collaboration and Distribution Agreement with Alpha Cognition
    Inc. of the improved new drug ZUNVEYL, and gained an exclusive right to develop, register, manufacture, import,
    export and commercialize the product in Asia (excluding Japan and the Middle East region) and other designated
    territories.


2. Innovative Products of Dermavon
2.1 Innovative Drugs Approved for Marketing in China
•     Lumirix (ruxolitinib phosphate cream) for vitiligo - the first topical JAK inhibitor approved in China
      for vitiligo; Approved in China in January 2026

The product is approved in China for the treatment of non-segmental vitiligo with facial involvement in children aged 12
years and older and adult patients. As of the end of the Reporting Period, ruxolitinib phosphate cream (Opzelura®) is
the first and only drug approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and the European Medicines Agency
(EMA) for repigmentation in non-segmental vitiligo.

Ruxolitinib phosphate cream has shown positive results in both overseas clinical studies and the real-world study
in China: in two identical Phase III double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled studies (TRuE-V1 and TRuE-V2)
conducted overseas, the proportion of patients achieving the primary efficacy endpoint of at least 75% improvement
in the Facial Vitiligo Area Score Index (F-VASI 75) after 24 weeks of treatment with ruxolitinib phosphate cream
was 29.9%, significantly higher than the 7.5% and 12.9% in the placebo groups, respectively. Continued use up
to 52 weeks showed sustained repigmentation. Ruxolitinib phosphate cream underwent real-world study in China,
demonstrating positive efficacy consistent with the results of overseas pivotal clinical studies. All secondary efficacy
endpoints in both domestic and overseas clinical studies showed a benefit trend consistent with the primary efficacy
endpoint, and the treatment effect for vitiligo continued to improve with prolonged treatment. Furthermore, according
to safety monitoring data from the Hainan Boao Lecheng International Medical Tourism Pilot Zone ("Lecheng Pilot
Zone"), no new safety event was identified, no adverse event (AE) leading to discontinuation or withdrawal of treatment
occurred, and no study drug-related serious adverse event occurred.



                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         18
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     Prior to receiving formal NDA approval, Dermavon proactively advanced its pilot application in designated medical
     institutions within the Lecheng Pilot Zone, Guangdong region of the Greater Bay Area and the Beijing and Tianjin
     Free Trade Zones: as of the end of the Reporting Period, Boao Super Hospital has prescribed ruxolitinib phosphate
     cream to near 7,500 patients with non-segmental vitiligo, and approximately 25 hospitals in Guangzhou, Shenzhen,
     Dongguan, Foshan, Zhongshan, Zhuhai, Jiangmen, Huizhou, Beijing and Tianjin have provided prescription services
     for the product. Dermavon continued to deepen its multi-channel layout within and outside hospitals. Adhering to an
     academic-driven core strategy, Dermavon advanced products’ academic development, continuously accumulating
     clinical value for the product while enhancing recognition in specialized fields. During the Reporting Period, the product
     was newly included in the “Expert consensus on the treatment of dermatoses with targeted drugs (2025 version)”
     and “Guideline on phototherapy for vitiligo (2025 edition)”. Several results of studies have been published in top-
     tier dermatology journals both domestically and internationally, such as The Journal of the American Academy of
     Dermatology (JAAD).

     The Group, through its subsidiary of Dermavon entered into a Collaboration and License Agreement with
     Incyte for ruxolitinib phosphate cream on 2 December 2022, obtaining an exclusive license to develop, register
     and commercialize the product in Mainland China, Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, Macau Special
     Administrative Region, Taiwan Region and eleven Southeast Asian countries (the “Territory”) and a non-exclusive
     license to manufacture the product in the Territory. The subsidiary of Dermavon has sublicensed the relevant rights for
     the product outside of Mainland China to the Group (excluding Dermavon and its subsidiary)

      •     ILUMETRI (Tildrakizumab Injection) - a monoclonal antibody specifically targeting to the p19 subunit
            of IL-23, requires only 4 administrations per year during its maintenance period, which may lead to
            higher patient compliance; Approved in China in 2023; Included in the Category B of NRDL

     ILUMETRI is indicated for the treatment of adults with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis who are candidates for
     systemic therapy or phototherapy. Compared to IL-17, ILUMETRI targets the upstream IL-23, which can lead to a
     more comprehensive suppression of inflammatory pathway and is associated with a favorable safety profile. This
     specificity can translate into a better-tolerated treatment option for patients. The results from its Phase III clinical trial
     in China demonstrated that the primary efficacy assessment indicator PASI-75 response rate continued to increase
     over treatment time. The PASI-75 response rate reached a high level after 28 weeks of treatment with the product and
     maintained at 91.3% at week 52, while showing good long-term safety and tolerance. The results were published in
     the academic journal Chinese Medical Journal.

     During the Reporting Period, Dermavon implemented medical-evidence-driven promotion, including large-scale real-
     world studies and the establishment of scientific research platforms. Dermavon continued to solidify its medical
     evidence, enhancing the brand value of the product and accelerating its penetration and volume growth in both
     hospitals and dual-channel pharmacies. The product was newly included in multiple domestic and international
     guidelines as a first-line treatment option. During the Reporting Period, the product was newly included in several
     guidelines such as “EuroGuiDerm Guideline for the systemic treatment of psoriasis vulgaris, 2025 updated”, and “Expert
     consensus on the treatment of dermatoses with targeted drugs (2025 version)”. Furthermore, the Chinese real-world
     study “Tildrakizumab in real-world Chinese psoriasis: efficacy-safety profiles from a 28-week retrospective cohort
     with geriatric, late-onset and metabolic syndrome stratification” was officially published by Journal of Dermatological
     Treatment.




19   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                            (CONTINUED)




2.2 Innovative Drugs under NDA Review in China
 •     Ruxolitinib phosphate cream for AD - The first topical JAK inhibitor approved by the U.S. FDA; China
       NDA Accepted in February 2026

The proposed indication for ruxolitinib phosphate cream is for the topical short-term and non-continuous chronic
treatment of mild to moderate atopic dermatitis in non-immunocompromised adult and pediatric patients 2 years of
age and older whose disease is not adequately controlled with topical prescription therapies or when those therapies
are not advisable. Its NDA in China has been approved for inclusion in the Priority Review List by the Center for Drug
Evaluation (CDE) of the NMPA based on its qualification as a "new variety, dosage form and specification of pediatric
drug that conforms to the physiological characteristics of children", which is expected to accelerate the product's
review process for marketing approval in the AD indication, potentially providing AD patients with a good alternative
novel treatment. Ruxolitinib phosphate cream (Opzelura®) has been approved by the U.S. FDA for the topical short-
term and non-continuous chronic treatment of mild to moderate AD in non-immunocompromised patients aged 2
years and older whose disease is not well controlled with topical prescription therapies, or when those therapies
are not advisable. During the Reporting Period, it has successfully met its primary endpoint in its Phase III clinical
trial in China, demonstrating that a significantly higher proportion of subjects treated with ruxolitinib phosphate
cream achieved IGA (Investigator’s Global Assessment) of 0 or 1 with at least two grades of reduction from baseline
at week 8, compared with placebo (63.0% vs 9.2%, P < 0.001). For the key secondary endpoint, the proportion of
subjects achieving at least a 75% improvement from baseline in the Eczema Area and Severity Index score (EASI 75)
of treatment with ruxolitinib phosphate cream was also significantly higher than that of the placebo group, at week
8 (78.0% vs 15.4%, P < 0.001). The severity of treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAE) during the treatment
period was mostly mild or moderate, with no TEAEs leading to discontinuation of the study drug. Overall, ruxolitinib
phosphate cream was safe and well-tolerated.

 •     Comekibart Injection(MG-K10) - expected to be China’s first approved long-acting anti-IL-4Rα
       monoclonal antibody(one dose every four weeks) with BIC potential; China NDA for AD indication
       accepted in October 2025

Comekibart Injection is intended for the treatment of adult with moderate-to-severe AD whose disease is not
adequately controlled with topical prescription therapies or when those therapies are not advisable. As of the end of
the Reporting Period, the product has achieved positive results in its Phase III clinical study in adults with moderate-
to-severe AD, meeting the primary research endpoint as designed, and at 52 weeks of treatment with MG-K10,
proportion of participants with Investigator Global Assessment (IGA) score of 0 or 1, also with an improvement of ≥2
points from baseline is 76.6%; proportion of participants with ≥75% reduction in Eczema Area and Severity Index (EASI
75) from baseline is 94.3%; proportion of participants with ≥90% reduction in Eczema Area and Severity Index (EASI
90) from baseline is 79.1%. Regarding safety, most of the Treatment Emergent Adverse Event (TEAE) were Grade 1-2,
with no Adverse Event of Special Interest (AESI) or fatal adverse event occurred. The incidence of common adverse
reactions (conjunctivitis, injection site reactions, etc.) of drugs with the same target is relatively low for MG-K10. As of
the end of the Reporting Period, the China Phase III clinical trial for prurigo nodularis indication was advancing steadily;
the China Phase II clinical trial for AD in adolescents has been completed; and the IND application for a Phase III
clinical trial for chronic spontaneous urticaria indication has been approved in China.




                                                                               CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           20
                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     2.3 Innovative Drugs under Clinical Development in China
      •     Povorcitinib - a selective oral small-molecule JAK1 Inhibitor, with the potential to provide a new
            treatment option for patients suffering from relevant autoimmune and inflammatory dermatologic
            diseases; Phase I clinical trial for vitiligo ongoing

     In December 2025, povorcitinib has been included in the list of Breakthrough Therapeutic Drugs by CDE of NMPA,
     with a proposed indication for adult patients with non-segmental vitiligo. This certification has the potential to
     accelerate the development and review process of the Product, thereby potentially offering a differentiated treatment
     option for patients with non-segmental vitiligo.

     During the Reporting Period, Dermavon has been steadily advancing the China Phase I clinical trial for non-segmental
     vitiligo and may consider further initiating clinical development of povorcitinib in China for the treatment of skin-related
     diseases such as prurigo nodularis in the future. As of the end of the Reporting Period, Incyte was advancing the
     Phase III clinical trials of povorcitinib for non-segmental vitiligo, moderate to severe hidradenitis suppurativa (HS), and
     PN in several countries outside China, as well as a Phase 2 clinical trial for the treatment of asthma. In the completed
     clinical trials, povorcitinib has shown potential for good efficacy and safety.

     The Group, through a subsidiary of Dermavon entered into a Collaboration and License Agreement for povorcitinib
     on 31 March 2024 with Incyte, obtaining an exclusive license to research, develop, register and commercialize the
     product in Mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau, Taiwan Region and eleven Southeast Asian countries (the “Territory”)
     and a non-exclusive license to manufacture the product in the Territory. The subsidiary of Dermavon has sublicensed
     the relevant rights of povorcitinib in the Territory other than Mainland China to the Group (excluding Dermavon and its
     subsidiaries).


     2.4 In-house R&D – Major Clinical-Stage Pipelines with Global Rights
      •     CMS-D001 Tablets (TYK2 Inhibitor) - China Phase II/III clinical trial for Psoriasis and China Phase II
            for AD ongoing

     In July 2025, the NMPA granted the approval to conduct clinical trials evaluating the safety and efficacy of CMS-D001
     for the treatment of AD. In March 2026, a multi-center, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled phase II clinical
     study to evaluate the efficacy and safety, of the product in adult patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis,
     and a multi-center, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled Phase II clinical study to evaluate the efficacy and
     safety of the product in patients with moderate-to-severe AD are both currently ongoing. The product is planned to be
     developed for the treatment of psoriasis and AD.


     2.5 Replenishment of Pipeline
      •     In January 2025, the Group entered into a collaboration agreement with Mabgeek Biotech in
            respect of MG-K10. Dermavon obtained the co-development right (except for AD) and the exclusive
            commercialization right to the product in respect of dermatology indications in Mainland China. In
            accordance with the agreement, as supplemented, Mabgeek Biotech is responsible for progressing
            the clinical trial for AD; whereas both parties will be jointly responsible for progressing the clinical
            development for prurigo nodularis in adults and other indications in the field of dermatology.




21   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                                                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                                                                                         (CONTINUED)




3. Innovative Pipeline
Launched Overseas/China or Under Marketing Application Review
                            Rights                                                                   Clinical     Clinical       Marketing                      Major Marketed Regions*
       Product            Authorized                           Indication                             Trial       Trial for      Application      Marketed
                           Region*                                                                  Approval    Registration                                     CN       US    EU       JP

    Sucroferric                          For the control of sP levels in adults with CKD on
                                         hemodialysis or peritoneal dialysis, and for the control                                                                                   **
   Oxyhydroxide                          of sP levels in paediatric patients 9 years of age and
  Chewable Tablets                       older with CKD stages 4-5 or CKD on dialysis                                                                           2023.2



    Tildrakizumab                        For the treatment of adults with moderate-to-severe
       Injection                         plaque psoriasis who are candidates for systemic
                                         therapy or phototherapy                                                                                                2023.5

                                         Severe recalcitrant disabling psoriasis, which is not
                                         adequately responsive to other forms of therapy
    Methotrexate                         such as phototherapy, PUVA, and retinoids                                                                              2023.3
     Injection
                                         Active rheumatoid arthritis in adult patients
                                                                                                                                                                2024.7

                                         For the acute treatment of intermittent, stereotypic
                                         episodes of frequent seizure activity (i.e. seizure
                                         clusters, acute repetitive seizures) that are distinct
                                         from a patient’s usual seizure pattern in patients                                                                     2023.6
                                         with epilepsy 6 years of age and older
   Diazepam Nasal
        Spray
                                         For the acute treatment of intermittent, stereotypic
                                         episodes of frequent seizure activity (i.e. seizure
                                         clusters, acute repetitive seizures) that are distinct
                                         from a patient’s usual seizure pattern in patients
                                         with epilepsy 2-5 years of age
  Methylthioninium                       A diagnostic agent to enhance visualisation of
   Chloride Enteric-                     colorectal lesions in adult patients undergoing
  coated Sustained-                      screening or surveillance colonoscopy
    release Tablets                                                                                                                                             2024.6


                                         For the treatment of non-segmental vitiligo with
                                         facial involvement in children aged 12 years
                                         and older and adult patients                                                                                           2026.1


     Ruxolitinib                         For the topical short-term and non-continuous
  phosphate cream                        chronic treatment of mild to moderate atopic
                                         dermatitis in non-immunocompromised adult
                                         and pediatric patients 2 years of age and older
                                         whose disease is not adequately controlled
                                         with topical prescription therapies or when
                                         those therapies are not advisable

  Desidustat Tablets                     For treating anaemia in non-dialysis adult, Chronic
                                         Kidney Disease (CKD) patients
                                                                                                                                                                2026.3

   Loberamisal for
       Injection                         For the treatment of acute ischemic stroke
  (Y-3 for Injection)
                                         Passive immunization following suspected rabies
                                         virus exposure in adults
  Silevimig Injection                    Passive immunization following suspected rabies
                                         virus exposure in children and adolescents aged 2
                                         to <18 years
    Vecantoxatug                         Passive immunization against tetanus
      Injection
                                         For the treatment of adult with moderate-to-severe
Comekibart Injection                     AD whose disease is not adequately controlled
    (MG-K10)                             with topical prescription therapies or when those
                                         therapies are not advisable
 Benzgalantamine                   ***
 Gluconate Enteric-                      For treating mild to moderate dementia of the
   coated Tablets                        Alzheimer’s type in adults
    (ZUNVEYL)
  Cyclosporine Eye                       Increasing tear secretion in patients with
    Drops 0.09%                          keratoconjunctivitis sicca (dry eye)

   Latanoprost Eye                       Reduction of elevated intraocular pressure in
        Drops                            patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular
                                         hypertension
  Levetiracetam XR                       Adjunctive therapy for the treatment of partial-onset
        Tablet                           seizures

     Marketed in China        Under R&D in China        Overseas
     Designated Asian Regions        Mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan                         Designated Regions in Asia-Pacific, the Middle East and North Africa
* Major Marketed Regions indicate where products are approved. CMS’s rights are stated by Rights Authorized Region. CMS has NO development, commercialization or other product
rights in unauthorized regions.
** Sucroferric Oxyhydroxide Chewable Tablets have been approved in Europe for the treatment of patients aged 2 years and older.
*** The rights authorized region of ZUNVEYL includes Asia (excluding Japan and the Middle East region) and other designated territories.
Please refer to local prescribing information for more information, including full safety information, on CMS’s marketed medicines, or on medicines marketed by CMS’s collaboration partners.
                                                                                                                         CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED                                  22
                                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     Under R&D Stages
                                         Rights
                                                                                                           Pre-clinical Clinical Trial    Phase                      Phase         Marketing
                 Product               Authorized                        Indication                                      Approval Phase I   II                         III        Application*
                                        Region*

                 CF101                                Psoriasis

                                                      Eye pain and inflammation after cataract
                SDN-037                               surgery

                                                      Reduction of elevated intraocular pressure
                PDP-716                               in patients with open-angle glaucoma or
                                                      ocular hypertension
                                                 **
                ABP-671                               Gout and hyperuricemia

                                                      Asthma, Prurigo nodularis, Seasonal
                                                      allergic rhinitis

          Comekibart Injection                        AD in adolescents
              (MG-K10)
                                                      Eosinophilic esophagitis, Chronic
                                                      rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps, Chronic
                                                      spontaneous urticaria, Chronic obstructive
                                                      pulmonary disease

                                                      Non-segmental vitiligo
               povorcitinib
                                                      Prurigo nodularis, Hidradenitis suppurativa

                                                      Hepatocellular carcinoma
                 CF102
                                                      Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease / non-
                                                      alcoholic steatohepatitis

                                                      Prevention of post-surgical staphylococcal
                    XF-73                             infections
              VEGFA/ANG2                              Intended for ocular fundus neovascular
          Tetravalent Bispecific                      diseases
                Antibody

                                                      Intended for psoriasis
             TYK2 Inhibitor
              (CMS-D001)
                                                      Intended for atopic dermatitis

             GnRH Receptor
               Antagonist                             Intended for uterine fibroids
              (CMS-D002)
           GLP-1R/GCGR Dual
                Agonist                               Intended for obesity/overweight
              (CMS-D005)

         Cardiac Myosin Inhibitor                     Intended for hypertrophic cardiomyopathy
               (CMS-D003)

                                                      Intended for complement – mediated
                          ***                         kidney disease (CMKD)
          Complement Factor B
               Inhibitor
             (CMS-D017)                               Intended for paroxysmal nocturnal
                                                      hemoglobinuria
                                   #

     A siRNA therapy targeting
       and inhibiting INHBE                           Intended for overweight/obesity
           (CMS-D008)

          ＞ 20 Self-developed
           Innovative Drugs

            China           Overseas       Global           Designated Asian Regions               Mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan
     * CMS’s rights are stated by Rights Authorized Region. CMS has NO development, commercialization or other product rights in unauthorized regions.
     ** Taiwan Region is not included in the rights authorized region.
     *** The IND applications of CMS-D017 for paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria and CMKD were approved in China in January and February 2026, respectively.
     #
        The IND application of CMS-D008 for overweight/obesity indication was approved in China in March 2026.
     Please refer to local prescribing information for more information, including full safety information, on CMS's marketed medicines, or on medicines marketed by CMS's collaboration partners.



23   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                         (CONTINUED)




Ⅱ. Commercialization System

The Group is focused on specialty therapeutic fields. By establishing a modern commercialization system driven by
the dual engines of “professional clinical value” and “consumer healthcare demand”, we have constructed an omni-
channel marketing network that integrates online and offline platforms while fostering synergy between in-hospital
and out-of-hospital channels, thereby enhancing medication accessibility and strengthening our full-spectrum
commercialization competitiveness.

We continue to deepen our medicine-driven academic promotion framework, aiming to address unmet clinical needs
through differentiated academic advantages. Through post-marketing clinical studies, real-world studies, academic
platforms development, and pharmacoeconomic evaluations, we have formed an academic empowerment pathway
anchored in evidence-based medicine. This approach reinforces our academic authority in specialty fields and unlocks
the academic value of our innovative products and key exclusive/branded portfolio.

Meanwhile, the Group is actively extending its commercialization footprint from in-hospital to out-of-hospital settings,
from offline to online channels, and from prescription-focused medicine to consumer healthcare, to build an “omni-
channel system” in response to the increasing sophisticated health and wellness needs of patients. By connecting
end-point retail pharmacies, DTP pharmacies, leading e-commerce platforms and O2O (online-to-offline) new retail
platforms, the Group is creating coordinated, multi-tier payment scenarios across channels and, supported by brand-
driven initiatives and digital engagement, is driving integrated in- and out-of-hospital growth to build a high-quality,
sustainable, and multi-engine growth model.

As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Group had approximately 5,000 marketing and promotion related
employees. Our promotion network covered over 55,000 hospitals and healthcare institutions, approximately 320,000
retail pharmacies, and 7 major e-commerce and O2O (Online-to-Offline) platforms in China.


1. Major Marketed Products
The Group’s major marketed products have covered the cardio-cerebrovascular, gastroenterology, skin health,
ophthalmology and other related areas. A summary of the information of major products as of the end of the Reporting
Period is as follows:




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         24
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




         Product line             Product                         Indication/Use                              Product Advantage

                                                       For the control of sP levels in adults
                                                                                                  China’s first iron-based, non-calcium
                                 VELPHORO              with CKD on hemodialysis or
                                                                                                  phosphate binder, providing efficient
                          (Sucroferric Oxyhydroxide    peritoneal dialysis, and for the control
                                                                                                  phosphorus reduction with lower tablet
                             Chewable Tablets)         of sP levels in paediatric patients
                                                                                                  burden, and improving patients’ nutritional
                              (innovative drug)        9 years of age and older with CKD
                                                                                                  status
                                                       stages 4-5 or CKD on dialysis


                                                       For the acute treatment of
                                                       intermittent, stereotypic episodes of      China’s first Diazepam Nasal Spray, which
                                   VALTOCO             frequent seizure activity (i.e. seizure    can be administered anytime and anywhere,
                           (Diazepam Nasal Spray)      clusters, acute repetitive seizures)       and meets clinical needs for accessible
                               (innovative drug)       that are distinct from a patient’s         and convenient treatment option for seizure
           Cardio-                                     usual seizure pattern in patients with     clusters of patients with epilepsy
       cerebrovascular                                 epilepsy 6 years of age and older
        Related Field
                                  XinHuoSu
                                                                                                  The first Recombinant Human Brain
                            (Recombinant Human
                                                       Acute decompensated heart failure          Natriuretic Peptide (rhBNP) medicine
                           Brain Natriuretic Peptide
                                                                                                  approved by the China NMPA
                                 for Injection)

                                    Deanxit                                                Original reference preparation, the preferred
                                                      Mild-to-moderate depression, anxiety
                          (Flupentixol and Melitracen                                      medicine for mild to moderate anxiety and
                                                      and psychosomatic affections
                                    Tablets)                                               depression

                                                                                                  Original reference preparation, the Calcium
                                    Plendil                                                       Channel Blocker (CCB) medicine suitable
                                                       Hypertension and stable angina
                            (Felodipine Sustained                                                 for Chinese patients, providing cardio-
                                                       pectoris
                               Release Tablets)                                                   cerebrovascular protection and high vascular
                                                                                                  selectivity

                                                       For the treatment of severe
                                                       recalcitrant disabling psoriasis,
                                  Metoject             which is not adequately responsive       China’s first pre-filled MTX Injection for
                           (Methotrexate Injection)    to other forms of therapy such           subcutaneous administration for the
                              (innovative drug)        as phototherapy, PUVA, and               treatment of RA and psoriasis
                                                       retinoids;Active rheumatoid arthritis in
                                                       adult patients

                                                                                                  A distinctive fungal probiotics preparation in
                                                                                                  China, which has a unique strain designation
                                   Bioflor
                                                   Diarrhea in adults and children, as            (difficult to imitate), can be co-administered
                          (Saccharomyces Boulardii
                                                   well as diarrhea symptoms induced              with antibiotics, is not inactivated by
                                  Sachets)
                                                   by intestinal flora disturbance                gastric acid, and received high-level
                             (exclusive product)
                                                                                                  recommendations from authoritative
      Gastroenterology/                                                                           domestic and overseas guidelines
     Autoimmune Related
            Field
                                                                                                  Broad enzyme profile, sufficient enzyme
                                                                                                  content and high enzymatic activity.
                                  Combizym                                                        Formulated with oryz-aspergillus enzyme
                           (Oryz-aspergillus Enzyme    Dyspepsia caused by a decrease in          extract (exclusive ingredient) and adequate
                            and Pancreatin Tablets)    digestive enzymes                          pancreatin, effective in both stomach and
                              (exclusive product)                                                 intestines, the recommended digestive
                                                                                                  enzyme preparation for the replacement
                                                                                                  therapy of pancreatic exocrine insufficiency


                                                       Improving the symptoms of early            A dual targets prokinetic agent delivering
                                     Cidine
                                                       satiety, postprandial fullness             pan-gastrointestinal motility, dual-pathway
                            (Cinitapride Hydrogen
                                                       discomfort, and abdominal distension       metabolism without QTc prolongation,
                                Tartrate Tablets)
                                                       in mild to moderate functional             offering a treatment option with favorable
                              (exclusive product)
                                                       dyspepsia                                  efficacy and safety profile




25   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                                            (CONTINUED)




                                                                                            As of the end of the Reporting Period, the
                    MeteoSpasmyl (Compound
                                             Used in adults to treat symptoms               only combination antispasmodic in China that
                       Alverine Citrate Soft
                                             such as flatulence (bloating) and              can concurrently relieve both abdominal pain
                            Capsules)
                                             abdominal pain                                 and bloating, with a complex formulation that
                       (exclusive product)
                                                                                            is difficult to replicate


                                                                                            Original reference preparation, the preferred
                                                 Cholesterol gallstones in the              first-line medicine for cholestatic liver disease,
                                                 gallbladder, cholestatic liver disease     available in two formulations (capsules and
                             Ursofalk            and biliary reflux gastritis; cystic       oral suspension), enabling broader patient
                      (Ursodeoxycholic Acid)     fibrosis–related liver disease in          applicability; ranking the first by China’s
                                                 patients aged 1 month to 18 years          market share of choleretic drugs according
                                                 (oral suspension only)                     to IQVIA moving annual total data as of 3Q
                                                                                            2025


                                                 Ulcerative colitis, including the
                                                                                            Original reference preparation, ranking the
                                                 treatment of acute exacerbations and
                                                                                            first by China’s market share of aminosalicylic
                             Salofalk            the maintenance treatment to prevent
                                                                                            acid, a first-line treatment for inflammatory
                           (Mesalazine)          recurrence, as well as the treatment
                                                                                            bowel disease in China according to IQVIA
                                                 of acute exacerbations of Crohn’s
                                                                                            moving annual total data as of 3Q 2025
                                                 disease


                              Lumirix            For the topical treatment of
                      (Ruxolitinib phosphate     nonsegmental vitiligo in adult and     The first topical JAK inhibitor approved in
                               cream)            pediatric patients 12 years of age and China for vitiligo
                         (innovative drug)       older


                                                                                            A monoclonal antibody specifically targeting
                                                 For the treatment of adults with           to the p19 subunit of IL-23, requires
                     ILUMETRI (Tildrakizumab
                                                 moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis        only 4 administrations per year during its
                             Injection)
                                                 who are candidates for systemic            maintenance period for the treatment of
                         (innovative drug)
                                                 therapy or phototherapy                    psoriasis, which may lead to higher patient
                                                                                            compliance


                            Hirudoid             Blunt traumata with and without
                      (Mucopolysaccharide        hematomas, and superficial                 Repair agent for skin barrier with multiple
                       Polysulfate Cream)        phlebitis that cannot be treated by        functions
Skin Health Field      (exclusive product)       compression
  (Dermavon)
                                                Different specifications for
                                                                                            Original reference preparation, a German
                                                sclerotherapy of different varicose
                    Aethoxysklerol (Polidocanol                                             original brand for the treatment of
                                                veins, including spider veins, central
                            Injection)                                                      sclerotherapy of varicose veins with years of
                                                veins of spider veins, and medium to
                                                                                            clinical application
                                                large varicose veins


                      Hirudoid® Azelaic Acid
                                                 Acne-prone skin care, prevention,          Extension of the Hirudoid brand, to create a
                          Skincare Series
                                                 and improvement of acne                    professional acne-care portfolio
                      (including 5 products)




                     Heling Soothing Product     Skin soothing with a combination of        Composed of four core ingredients that can
                              Series             cleansing and moisturizing which is        moisturize and soothe the skin, helping to
                      (including 4 products)     suitable for sensitive skin                repair the skin barrier




                                                                                          CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED                  26
                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




                                                                                        Featuring naturally extracted ingredients and
                                                                                        a preservative-free formulation with a unique
                        Augentropfen Stulln Mono
                                                                                        dual-mechanism: Digitalis Glycosides to
                                Eye Drops
                                                                                        improve ciliary muscle function and Esculin
                               (Esculin and      Senile macular degeneration and all
                                                                                        to protect the retina and nerves. It’s the
                         Digitalisglycosides Eye forms of asthenopia
                                                                                        representative medicine for the treatment
                                  Drops)
                                                                                        of asthenopia and is positioned for all types
                           (exclusive product)
                                                                                        of asthenopiae as well as fundus macular
                                                                                        degeneration


                                                                                        Using high-focused ultrasound technology,
                           EyeOP1 Glaucoma         Glaucoma with intraocular pressure   which is a non-invasive procedure with
                            Treatment Device       that cannot be controlled by drugs   precise targeting and convenient operations,
                           (exclusive product)     and surgery                          providing a safe and effective innovative
                                                                                        treatment for glaucoma
       Ophthalmology
           Field
                                                                                        A next-generation anti-vascular endothelial
                                                                                        growth factor (VEGF) drug with the smallest
                                 BEOVU                                                  molecular weight (only 26 kDa) as of the end
                         Brolucizumab Injection    Diabetic macular edema               of the Reporting Period, delivering treatment
                            (innovative drug)                                           advances versus prior-generation agents,
                                                                                        including potent fluid control and the potential
                                                                                        to extend dosing intervals


                                                   Neovascular age-related macular
                                                   degeneration, diabetic macular       The first anti-VEGF drug approved for
                                                   edema, macular edema following       ophthalmic use in China, also the anti-VEGF
                               LUCENTIS
                                                   retinal vein occlusion, choroidal    drug in China that covers the widest age
                         (Ranibizumab Injection)
                                                   neovascularization, diabetic         range and has the most indications as of the
                                                   retinopathy, and retinopathy of      end of the Reporting Period
                                                   prematurity


                                                                                        As of the end of the Reporting Period, it is
                                                                                        the only calcitonin-class therapy in China
                                                                                        approved for the indication of osteoporotic
         Other Major             Elcitonin                                              bone pain. It features a well-established
                                                   Osteoporosis pain
          Products         (Elcatonin Injection)                                        central analgesic mechanism, rapid onset,
                                                                                        and a favorable safety profile, and is
                                                                                        recommended by authoritative domestic and
                                                                                        overseas guidelines




27   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                        (CONTINUED)




During the Reporting Period, the revenue of major products by product line was as follows:
• The products under cardio-cerebrovascular related field recorded a revenue of RMB2,987.9 million, an increase
    of 2.4% compared with the same period last year. In the case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group,
    the revenue of products under cardio-cerebrovascular related field line would increase by 2.3% to RMB4,180.7
    million compared with the same period last year, accounting for 44.5% of the Group’s revenue in the case that all
    medicines were directly sold by the Group.

•   The revenue of products under gastroenterology/autoimmune related field increased by 3.3% to RMB2,969.0
    million compared with the same period last year, accounting for 31.6% of the Group’s revenue in the case that all
    medicines were directly sold by the Group.

•   The revenue of the products under skin health field (Dermavon) increased by 73.2% to RMB1,069.8 million
    compared with the same period last year, accounting for 11.4% of the Group’s revenue in the case that all
    medicines were directly sold by the Group.

•   The revenue of the products under ophthalmology field increased by 12.9% to RMB708.2 million compared with
    the same period last year, accounting for 7.6% of the Group’s revenue in the case that all medicines were directly
    sold by the Group.

•   Other products recorded a revenue of RMB477.1 million, an increase of 10.5% compared with the same period
    last year. In case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group, the revenue would increase by 10.3% to
    RMB457.9 million compared with the same period last year, accounting for 4.9% of the Group’s revenue in the
    case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group.


III. Skin Health Business (“Dermavon”, Proposed to Be Spun off and Separately
Listed on the SEHK)

“Dermavon” is a leading pharmaceutical company in China specialized in innovative skin health products. It has
unified operations combining R&D, production, and sales of dermatological prescription products and dermatology-
grade skincare products, and is committed to providing comprehensive skin health solutions, from prevention to
treatment and long-term care. Leveraging its efficient R&D system and industry-leading commercialization capabilities,
Dermavon has achieved dual leadership in both the “coverage of dermatology indications” and the “revenue scale of
dermatological prescription drugs”, while having developed a comprehensive and differentiated product portfolio. It is
committed to creating the Chinese standards for skin health and leading the continuous innovation of treatment and
care to address skin disease patients’ unmet needs. Dermavon has grown into a leading company in China’s skin
health sector.

During the Reporting Period, the Group proposed to spin-off and separately list Dermavon on the Main Board of the
SEHK by way of introduction and distribution in specie, aiming to fully unlock the high-growth potential and standalone
value of its skin health business.

As of the end of the Reporting Period, Dermavon had more than 800 employees.




                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         28
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     1. Comprehensive and Differentiated Product Portfolio, Covering the Entire Lifecycle
     Management of Skin Diseases
     Focusing major skin diseases with significant unmet clinical needs, Dermavon has deployed and developed
     dermatological prescription products with different mechanisms of action and modalities. Using this as a foundation,
     it has created a vertically integrated and highly differentiated portfolio of dermatological prescription products and
     dermatology-grade skincare products, which has formed a comprehensive “treatment + care” solution, leveraging
     deep synergy between products to meet the diverse clinical needs of patients in the entire disease course.

     Since the beginning of 2025, Dermavon had four marketed products, two products at the NDA review stage, three
     pipeline products in clinical stages, and multiple preclinical product candidates, forming a tiered product layout that
     covers major skin disease treatment areas. Additionally, Dermavon has two marketed dermatology-grade skincare
     product series, including the Heling Soothing Product Series and the Hirudoid® Azelaic Acid Skincare Series.


                                                          Treatment                                        Skincare
                                                                                                         Dermatology-
                               Topical Agents              Oral Tablets              Injections         Grade Skincare
                                                                                                           Products
                                                           CMS-D001
      Psoriasis                                                                      ILUMETRI
                                                         (China Phase II)

                            ruxolitinib phosphate                                     MG-K10
                                                           CMS-D001                                      Heling Soothing
      AD                     cream (China NDA                                    (China NDA Under
                                                         (China Phase II)                                Product Series
                               Under Review )                                         Review)

                            ruxolitinib phosphate          povorcitinib
      Vitiligo
                                     cream               (China Phase I)
      Superficial
      phlebitis, Blunt             Hirudoid
      traumata

      Varicose veins                                                               Aethoxysklerol

      Prurigo                                              povorcitinib               MG-K10
      nodularis                                        (Overseas Phase III)       (China Phase III)
      Hidradenitis                                         povorcitinib
      suppurativa                                      (Overseas Phase III)

                                                                                     MG-K10
      Chronic
                                                                                  (Obtained IND
      spontaneous
                                                                                Approval for China
      urticaria
                                                                                    Phase III)
                                                                                                        Hirudoid® Azelaic
       Acne vulgaris                                                                                     Acid Skincare
                                                                                                             Series


        Marketed
        Under R&D




29   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                            (CONTINUED)




2. Diverse and Efficient R&D Engine, Empowering Differentiated Innovation
Dermavon has constructed an R&D model driven by dual tracks of collaborative R&D and in-house R&D.
Based on its profound insight of the correlation and differentiation between the mechanisms of action of different drug
targets, Dermavon efficiently identifies potential FIC and BIC products at different development stages. Furthermore,
benefiting from its long-term dedicated efforts in dermatology field, Dermavon has accumulated extensive clinical
institution and expert resources, and has fostered robust clinical development and registration capabilities, paving an
efficient clinical development path for the innovative skin health pipeline.

Dermavon has effective collaborative R&D capabilities and maintains a global perspective in evaluating innovative
biotechnology, driving the deployment of global frontier technologies through strategic foresight. During the Reporting
Period, Dermavon entered into a collaboration with Mabgeek Biotech to jointly advance the clinical development of the
long-acting anti-IL-4Rα monoclonal antibody Comekibart Injection for dermatology indications in China (excluding AD).
Mabgeek has submitted the NDA for the AD indication in China, which has been accepted. The China Phase II clinical
trial for the adolescent AD indication has also been completed, while both parties are jointly promoting the Phase III
clinical trial for the prurigo nodularis indication in China. Furthermore, povorcitinib has progressed into Phase I clinical
trial stage in China, intending to develop indications such as vitiligo in China.

Dermavon possesses well-integrated in-house R&D capabilities. As of March 16 2026, its self-developed innovative
drug highly selective TYK2 inhibitor CMS-D001 Tablets, is undergoing China Phase II clinical trials in China for psoriasis
and AD, respectively. Additionally, approximately 5 self-developed pipeline products are in the preclinical stage.


3. Industry-leading Commercialization Capabilities, Driving Deep Omni-channel Penetration
and Value Realization
Dermavon adheres to a patient-centered and market-oriented philosophy, cultivating a strong academic promotion
team in dermatology, which maintains an industry-leading position in China in terms of both commercial team scale
and the coverage of dermatology departments in hospitals. Dedicated to academic-driven commercialization,
Dermavon continuously strengthens professional recognition of its products to enhance brand influence by establishing
academic platforms and participating in multi-level medical conferences. Meanwhile, Dermavon actively advances
post-marketing clinical research and real-world studies to accumulate medical evidence, facilitating the inclusion of its
products into clinical guidelines and expert consensuses while providing a solid scientific basis for exploring broader
clinical application potential and dosage regimens.

Dermavon also keenly captures the distinct consumer attributes of dermatology products. It promotes a synergistic
omni-channel operating system, expanding coverage across diverse out-of-hospital channels including offline
pharmacies, e-commerce and O2O platforms, to build a comprehensive and multi-level sales network. Furthermore,
for its dermatology-grade skincare products, Dermavon continuously strengthens new media operational capabilities
to enhance consumer brand awareness, precisely reaching and converting potential demand.




                                                                               CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           30
                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     IV. Ophthalmology Business(“CMS Vision”)

     “CMS Vision” is focused on the ophthalmology specialty field, with multi-dimensional expansion into otolaryngology
     (ear, nose, and throat, “ENT”). Driven by a dual-engine model of “innovative pharmaceutical expertise” and “consumer
     healthcare market penetration”, CMS Vision sources and develops globally innovative products that address
     urgent clinical needs, and is building a medical-grade eye health ecosystem spanning fundus diseases, eye fatigue,
     glaucoma, and rhinitis. CMS Vision is committed to becoming a “leading ophthalmology pharmaceutical company in
     China”, benefiting patients with more precise and diversified innovative treatment options, and advancing the high-
     quality and sustainable development of the eye healthcare industry.

     During the Reporting Period, CMS Vision advanced a coordinated growth model integrating “Full Product Lifecycle
     Management, Full-course Disease Management, and Omni-channel Marketing.” This model supported systematic
     academic promotion and brand building for marketed products, while continuously enriching the product portfolio. In
     October 2025, CMS Vision entered into an agreement with Novartis Pharma Services AG, introducing two marketed
     ophthalmic anti-VEGF drugs in China, Ranibizumab Injection (“Lucentis”) and Brolucizumab Injection (“Beovu”),
     establishing a core product matrix in the fundus disease segment with great potential. These two products are
     expected to generate strong synergies with CMS Vision’s existing customer base, expert resources, and channel
     networks, laying a solid foundation for CMS Vision’s future collaborations and the development of additional innovative
     ophthalmic products. In January 2025, CMS Vision obtained the rights of an innovative drug anti-IL-4Rα humanized
     monoclonal antibody Injection Comekibart Injection (MG-K10), further enriching its innovation pipeline and extending
     its therapeutic footprint from ophthalmology into ENT.

     In addition, in July 2025, CMS Vision entered into a collaboration with Jingze Pharma, an innovation-driven
     biopharmaceutical company, for a late-stage clinical asset for neovascular retinal diseases with high technical barrier
     and strong commercial potential, to accelerate the realization of its innovation value.

     As of the end of the Reporting Period, CMS Vision had more than 500 employees.


     1. Major Marketed Products
     Exclusive Drug Augentropfen Stulln Mono Eye Drops is the representative for the treatment of asthenopia. It
     features naturally extracted ingredients and a preservative-free formulation with a unique dual-mechanism: Digitalis
     Glycosides to improve ciliary muscle function and Esculin to protect the retina and nerves. Indicated for all types of
     asthenopia and senile macular degeneration indications, Stulln has established a robust brand moat in the market. Its
     active ingredient, Esculin and Digitalis Glycosides, has been included in several authoritative guidelines. Leveraging the
     product's distinctive advantages and medical evidence, CMS Vision conducted in-depth academic engagement within
     ophthalmology sub-specialties while continuously expanding its market share through refined development of private
     hospital channels.




31   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                            (CONTINUED)




Innovative Medical Device EyeOP1 Glaucoma Treatment Device applies high-focused ultrasound technology.
Featuring a non-invasive procedure with precise targeting and convenient operations, it provides glaucoma patients
with a safe and effective innovative treatment solution. During the Reporting Period, EyeOP1 was included as a
recommended therapy in “the Expert Consensus on the Diagnosis and Treatment of Primary Angle-Closure Glaucoma
in China (2025)”. Through real-world studies and national academic platform conferences, CMS Vision has been
constructing a high-level clinical evidence system to drive the evolution of diagnostic and treatment philosophies, as
well as the awareness and adoption of the innovative Ultrasonic Cyclo Plasticity (UCP).

Lucentis (Included in the Category B of NRDL) is the first anti-VEGF drug approved for ophthalmic use in China.
As of the end of the Reporting Period, it is also currently the anti-VEGF drug in China that covers the widest age
range and has the most indications. Its launch represents a major advancement in clinical ophthalmic treatment.
The product is approved for the treatment of multiple ocular neovascular diseases including age-related macular
degeneration (nAMD), diabetic macular edema (DME), macular edema following retinal vein occlusion (RVO), choroidal
neovascularization (CNV), etc. It has accumulated mature clinical application experience, with its efficacy and safety
verified by more than 200 clinical studies. Leveraging the product's robust medical evidence and extensive clinical
application experience, CMS Vision utilizes high-level academic activities as a pivot to systematically build an expert
consensus network, boosting the clinical recognition and market penetration.

Innovative drug Beovu (Approved for the treatment of DME in China in May 2025; Included in the Category
B of NRDL) is a next-generation anti-VEGF drug with the smallest molecular weight (only 26 kDa) as of the end of
the Reporting Period. Leveraging its innovative advantages of ultra-small molecular weight and high concentration,
Beovu significantly improves retinal anatomical structure, helps more DME patients gain visual improvement, and
alleviates the treatment economic burden through extended dosing intervals. In the global Phase 3 KESTREL and
KITE Studies for treatment-naive DME patients, the product met all primary efficacy endpoints and the visual benefit
persisted until Week 100, while showing superiority in fluid resolution. Data from the Chinese real-world study (BEST
Study) showed that for previously treated and inadequately controlled DME patients, best-corrected visual acuity (BCVA)
improved by 6.1 letters from baseline 1 week after the first injection of Beovu, and by 10 letters after the third injection
(Week 12). The product provides a more optimized treatment option for previously treated DME patients. During the
Reporting Period, Beovu was included in “Diabetic Retinopathy Preferred Practice Pattern®,” and its key clinical results
have been published in multiple academic journals. CMS Vision disseminates the differentiated advantages of the
product through constructing platforms to enhance academic and clinical recognition, promoting the accessibility to
more target patients. As of the end of the Reporting Period, its China NDA for the treatment of proliferative diabetic
retinopathy (PDR) is under review.


2. Major Pipeline Products
Comekibart Injection (China Phase III clinical trial for seasonal allergic rhinitis ongoing) is a long-acting
(one dose every four weeks) humanized anti-IL-4Rα monoclonal antibody. Its Phase III clinical trial in China adopts
a multi-center, randomized, double-blind, and placebo-controlled design, aiming to evaluate the efficacy, safety,
pharmacokinetic, pharmacodynamic, and immunogenicity of the product in patients with seasonal allergic rhinitis.




                                                                               CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           32
                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     V. International Business

     Since the launch of the “Industrial Internationalization” strategy in 2022, CMS has established Singapore as the
     regional hub for its Asia-Pacific emerging markets business, building an end-to-end pharmaceutical ecosystem
     spanning R&D (“CMS R&D”), manufacturing (“PharmaGend”), and commercialization (“Rxilient”). The Group
     accurately captures the structural opportunities driven by demographic tailwinds and rising healthcare demands
     across Asia-Pacific and Middle East. Through the highly efficient synergy across the entire “R&D, Manufacturing, and
     Commercialization” value chain, the Group extends its core capabilities across borders, driving an effective alignment
     between its differentiated product portfolio and emerging market demands, and generating scalable ecosystem value.

     2025 marks a pivotal year in which our Industrial Internationalization strategy moves from system build-out to scaled
     execution. During the Reporting Period, the Group successfully completed a secondary listing on the SGX-ST by way
     of introduction, optimizing its shareholder base while enhancing visibility and engagement with international investors.
     In parallel, certain products initiated commercialization activities during the Reporting Period. Building on this progress,
     the Group will continue to deepen market expansion in developing countries and regions, improve the regional access
     to high-quality medicines, and steadily build a sustainable multi-geography growth pattern.


     1. Internationalization of Commercialization System: a “Glocal” Strategy Unlocking Innovative Value
     Rxilient is a next-generation pharma company focused on emerging markets, executing a “global+local (glocal)”
     strategy to accelerate value realization of pharmaceutical innovation. With end-to-end commercialization capabilities
     spanning product introduction, development & registration, and marketing & promotion, Rxilient introduces global
     innovative therapies to emerging markets and expands patient access. Operated by a seasoned local team, Rxilient is
     headquartered in Singapore and has established subsidiaries and/or offices in Hong Kong, Taiwan Region, Malaysia,
     Vietnam, the Philippines, Indonesia, Thailand, and the United Arab Emirates.

     As of the end of the Reporting Period, Rxilient has cumulatively submitted nearly 20 registration applications for
     pharmaceutical products and medical devices across the Asia-Pacific and Middle East regions, building a robust and
     sustained product launch pipeline. The registration and marketing progress of key products is as follows:

                                                                                                              Registration
                          Product                                 Approved Regions
                                                                                                            Applications Filed

        Ruxolitinib phosphate cream (“Lumirix”)
                                                                  Hong Kong, Macau                    Taiwan Region, Singapore
               Innovative drug for vitiligo

      Sucroferric Oxyhydroxide Chewable Tablets
                    (“VELPHORO”)                                  Hong Kong*, Macau                           Taiwan Region
       Innovative drug for hyperphosphatemia
          Tildrakizumab Injection (“ILUMETRI”)
                                                                       Hong Kong                              Taiwan Region
               Innovative drug for psoriasis
      Benzgalantamine Gluconate Enteric-coated                                                         Macau, Taiwan Region,
                Tablets (“ZUNVEYL”)                                          /                            Malaysia, Indonesia,
          New drug for Alzheimer's disease                                                          Philippines, Thailand, Vietnam

          Diazepam Nasal Spray (“VALTOCO”)                           Singapore                                 Hong Kong,
          Innovative drug for seizure clusters               (Approved in January 2026)                       Taiwan Region


     * VELPHORO has been included in the "Special Drug" category of the Hospital Authority Drug Formulary


33   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                           (CONTINUED)




As a bridge connecting global innovation and the market access, Rxilient has become a highly attractive global partner
for innovation collaboration, underpinned by its strong capabilities in product registration and commercialization. During
the Reporting Period, it successfully obtained exclusive product rights to approximately 20 products across multiple
relevant emerging markets in Southeast Asia, the Middle East, and North Africa, and for the first time expanded its
licensing footprint to Latin America as well as Australia and New Zealand. The newly introduced products include
several innovative products such as Loberamisal for Injection, Silevimig Injection, Vecantoxatug Injection, Comekibart
Injection, and Benzgalantamine Gluconate Enteric-coated Tablets, further strengthening Rxilient’s presence across
specialty therapeutic fields such as central nervous system, dermatology, ophthalmology, and autoimmune disease.
The continuous collaboration and introduction of products not only broadened Rxilient's portfolio but also underscored
its strong appeal as an international innovation partner and its ability to integrate high-quality global resources.


2. Internationalization of Manufacturing
The Group’s associate company, PharmaGend, is a Singapore-based, international one-stop CDMO platform. The
Group, through multiple subsidiaries, holds a 41.98% equity interest in PharmaGend. As of the end of the Reporting
Period, PharmaGend owns a 30,000-square-meter production site, with an annual capacity of oral solid dosage (OSD)
units of up to 1.5 billion tablets. It has obtained a Manufacturer's Licence issued by the Health Sciences Authority
(HSA) of Singapore, and supported by multiple international certifications, including HSA GMP (Good Manufacturing
Practice), U.S. FDA cGMP (Current Good Manufacturing Practice), and Swiss QP (Qualified Person) audits,
PharmaGend is well-positioned to deliver high-standard pharmaceutical manufacturing for global supply. Meanwhile,
capacity expansion projects (including new production lines for nasal sprays, creams, and injectables, as well as a
packaging center) are progressing smoothly.


Subsequent Events
•	   Approval of Drug Clinical Trials for Complement - mediated Kidney Disease Indication of Innovative
     Drug Complement Factor B Inhibitor CMS-D017

On 3 February 2026, the NMPA has approved the Group to conduct clinical trials in healthy participants in China to
evaluate the safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetic, and pharmacodynamic characteristics of CMS-D017 in China.

•	   Signing an Exclusive Distribution Agreement for the Original Drug Lidoderm® Lidocaine Cataplasms

After the Reporting Period, on 12 February 2026, the Group through subsidiaries of the Company entered into an
exclusive distribution agreement with Teikoku Pharma USA, Inc. (“TPU”, a subsidiary of Japan-based Teikoku Seiyaku
Co., Ltd (“TSC”)) for Lidoderm® Lidocaine Cataplasms. In accordance with the Agreement, the Group has obtained
exclusive distribution rights for Lidoderm® Lidocaine Cataplasms within the People’s Republic of China (for the purpose
of this Agreement, excluding the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, the Macau Special Administrative Region,
and the Taiwan region). The Cooperation Partner shall be responsible for the production and supply matters related to
Lidoderm® Lidocaine Cataplasms. The initial term of this Agreement is ten years after the date of Lidoderm® Lidocaine
Cataplasms’s first commercial sale within the Target Region stipulated in this agreement, and shall be renewable
thereafter according to the terms stipulated in this Agreement.




                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          34
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     Lidocaine blocks voltage-gated sodium channels, reducing ectopic impulses in primary afferent nerves after injury,
     thereby alleviating pain in patients with postherpetic neuralgia (PHN). According to relevant studies, lidocaine patches
     act rapidly (within ≤4 hours), and in clinical studies lasting 4 to 12 weeks, approximately 1/4 to 1/3 of patients
     experienced a ≥50%reduction in pain. In 1999, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved lidocaine
     patch 5% (trade name Lidoderm®) for the treatment of PHN. The product was approved for marketing in Europe under
     the trade name Versatis® in 2007, and was approved for marketing in China in 2024. The use of topical lidocaine
     cataplasms/patches for PHN treatment has been supported by consensus in clinical practice guidelines both in
     China and abroad. Based on its efficacy and safety in treating PHN, topical lidocaine cataplasms/patches are also
     recommended by relevant guidelines for treatment of other peripheral neuropathic pain conditions, such as diabetic
     peripheral neuropathic pain (DPNP), and postoperative or post-traumatic neuropathic pain.

     •	   Approval of Drug Clinical Trials for Overweight/Obesity Indication of Self-Developed Innovative Drug
          INHBE-Targeting Small Nucleic Acid Drug CMS-D008

     On 4 March 2026, the NMPA has approved the Group to conduct clinical trials of CMS-D008 injection for overweight
     or obese individuals in China.


     Future Development
     CMS will take “high-quality and sustainable development” as its core, and remain committed to a dual-engine drive
     of “product competitiveness” and “commercialization.” By expanding globally to build multiple growth poles, and
     leveraging the ecosystem synergies created through strategic investments, the Group is building a new development
     landscape that is clearly tiered, highly resilient, and endowed with sustained momentum. At the same time, the Group
     will position AI-enabled digital intelligence as a foundational capability, deeply empowering decision-making pathways
     and operating efficiency across the entire value chain, providing robust system-level support for its continued growth.


     1. Dual-engine drive: Product Innovation + Commercial Model Reform
     Our development is anchored in sustained product innovation. Advancing in parallel through “Collaborative
     Development + In-house R&D,” we focus on unmet clinical needs and continue to evolve our pipeline toward higher
     clinical value and stronger differentiation. We use collaborative development to sustain the vitality of our short-term
     and mid-term pipeline, while in-house R&D anchors long-term value creation — building a tiered product portfolio
     that spans different stages of development. Through clearly structured, differentiated innovation, CMS is positioned to
     navigate industry cycles and achieve value reshaping.

     Our commercialization capabilities are the engine for realizing product value and driving sustainable growth. We
     have built strong positions in our core specialty therapeutic fields: Cardiovascular-Kidney-Metabolic diseases, central
     nervous system (CNS) and gastroenterology, while fully empowering the independent development of our specialty
     businesses such as “skin health” and “ophthalmology,” with the goal of building leading players in our specialty
     therapeutic fields. In parallel, we are actively building a synergistic omni-channel commercialization system that
     captures the emerging trend of integrated development across “new retail, digital channels and consumer healthcare.”
     By strengthening brand-driven execution and digital engagement, we are driving integrated in-hospital and out-of-
     hospital growth, opening up a broader runway for CMS’s long-term expansion.




35   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                     (CONTINUED)




2. Multi-dimensional Expansion: Industrial Internationalization and Strategic Investment
With a global perspective, the Group leverages its Singapore-based APAC hub to accelerate the deep integration and
targeted empowerment of the end-to-end value chain across R&D, manufacturing, and commercialization in global
markets, building a replicable, scalable, and sustainable closed loop for international growth.

In addition, the Group is shaping an industry-synergy ecosystem through strategic investments. Through equity
investments, we connect with advanced innovative biotechnology platforms and continuously empower our investee
companies with our full-chain capabilities spanning R&D, clinical development, and commercialization. The investment
returns will further optimize the allocation of innovation resources, while co-developed products will expand our
commercialization pipeline, building a reinforcing cycle of “innovation aggregation - ecosystem empowerment - value
returns” and creating a new ecosystem of “innovation + win-win collaboration”.

Looking ahead, CMS will take innovation as its core engine. With strong global vision and strategic synergy
capabilities, the Group will precisely seize growth opportunities amid a dynamically evolving global pharmaceutical
landscape, continuously enhance its strategic position in the global pharmaceutical value chain, and write a new
chapter of high-quality and sustainable development.




                                                                          CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        36
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     Financial Review
     In reading the following discussion and analysis, please also refer to the audited consolidated financial statements and
     notes to the financial statements in the Annual Report.

     The Group prepared its consolidated financial statements in accordance with the International Financial Reporting
     Standards. The Group’s financial performance is summarized as follows:


     Turnover
     Turnover increased by 9.9% from RMB7,469.0 million for the year ended 31 December 2024 to RMB8,212.1 million
     for the year ended 31 December 2025. In the case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group, turnover
     increased by 8.9% to RMB9,385.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2025 from RMB8,621.6 million for the
     year ended 31 December 2024, mainly due to a continuing growth in sales of innovative/exclusive products, and the
     cessation of the material adverse impact from the National VBP on three products.


     Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin
     Gross profit increased by 8.3% from RMB5,422.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2024 to RMB5,871.5
     million for the year ended 31 December 2025; in the case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group, gross
     profit increased by 8.3% to RMB5,852.0 million for the year ended 31 December 2025 from RMB5,405.4 million for
     the year ended 31 December 2024, primarily reflecting an increase in turnover. Gross profit margin decreased by 1.1
     percentage points to 71.5% for the year ended 31 December 2025 from 72.6% for the year ended 31 December
     2024; in the case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group, gross profit margin decreased by 0.3 percentage
     point to 62.4% for the year ended 31 December 2025 from 62.7% for the year ended 31 December 2024, primarily
     reflecting a decrease in selling prices of products resulted from the impact of implementation of the National VBP.


     Selling Expenses
     Selling expenses increased by 6.8% from RMB2,661.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2024 to RMB2,842.3
     million for the year ended 31 December 2025; selling expenses as a percentage of turnover decreased by 1.0
     percentage point to 34.6% for the year ended 31 December 2025 from 35.6% for the year ended 31 December
     2024. In the case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group, selling expenses as a percentage of turnover
     decreased by 0.6 percentage point to 30.1% for the year ended 31 December 2025 from 30.7% for the year ended
     31 December 2024, primarily reflecting an economy of scale.


     Administrative Expenses
     Administrative expenses increased by 11.0% from RMB780.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2024 to
     RMB865.8 million for the year ended 31 December 2025; administrative expenses as a percentage of turnover
     increased by 0.1 percentage point to 10.5% for the year ended 31 December 2025 from 10.4% for the year ended
     31 December 2024. In the case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group, administrative expenses as a
     percentage of turnover increased by 0.2 percentage point to 9.2% for the year ended 31 December 2025 from
     9.0% for the year ended 31 December 2024, primarily reflecting increases in the number of staff and listing related
     expenses.




37   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                          (CONTINUED)




Research and Development Expenditures
The Group’s research and development expenditures included expenditures on research and development and
clinical trial of new products, salaries and related expenses of staff who were engaged in the aforesaid affairs, for the
sake of a continuous expansion of innovative product pipelines. Research and development expenditures included
the expensed research and development expenditures (i.e. research and development expenses) and the capital
payments (i.e. payments for acquisition and development of new products).

Total research and development expenditures increased by 40.5% from RMB753.3 million for the year ended 31
December 2024 to RMB1,058.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2025. Total research and development
expenditures as a percentage of turnover for the year ended 31 December 2025 was 12.9%, representing an increase
of 2.8 percentage points from 10.1% for the year ended 31 December 2024. In the case that all medicines were
directly sold by the Group, total research and development expenditures as a percentage of turnover increased by 2.6
percentage points to 11.3% for the year ended 31 December 2025 from 8.7% for the year ended 31 December 2024,
primarily reflecting increases in new collaboration on innovative products and in research and development activities.

Research and development expenses increased by 77.3% from RMB330.0 million for the year ended 31 December
2024 to RMB585.0 million for the year ended 31 December 2025. Research and development expenses as a
percentage of turnover for the year ended 31 December 2025 was 7.1%, representing an increase of 2.7 percentage
points from 4.4% for the year ended 31 December 2024. In the case that all medicines were directly sold by the
Group, research and development expenses as a percentage of turnover for the year ended 31 December 2025 was
6.2%, representing an increase of 2.4 percentage points from 3.8% for the year ended 31 December 2024, mainly
due to increases in self-researched projects and clinical trial expenses.

Capital payments increased by 11.8% from RMB423.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2024 to RMB473.4
million for the year ended 31 December 2025. Capital payments as a percentage of turnover for the year ended
31 December 2025 was 5.8%, representing an increase of 0.1 percentage point from 5.7% for the year ended 31
December 2024. In the case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group, capital payments as a percentage of
turnover increased by 0.1 percentage point to 5.0% for the year ended 31 December 2025 from 4.9% for the year
ended 31 December 2024.


Other Income
Other income decreased by 30.1% from RMB208.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2024 to RMB145.7
million for the year ended 31 December 2025, mainly due to a decrease in interest income.


Other Gains and Losses
Other gains and losses increased by 203.7% from a loss of RMB151.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2024
to a gain of RMB156.9 million for the year ended 31 December 2025, mainly due to an increase in equity investment
income.


Share of Result of Associates/a Joint Venture
Share of result of associates/a joint venture decreased by 29.0% from RMB341.3 million for the year ended 31
December 2024 to RMB242.3 million for year ended 31 December 2025, mainly reflecting a decrease in profit of
associates.



                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          38
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     Finance Costs
     Finance costs decreased by 47.4% from RMB38.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2024 to RMB20.3 million
     for the year ended 31 December 2025, mainly due to decreases in bank borrowings used and interest rates.


     Income Tax Expense
     Income tax expense increased by 66.1% from RMB397.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2024 to RMB659.8
     million for the year ended 31 December 2025, mainly due to one-off income tax payment of RMB223.8 million which
     is ever a tax preference granted by the local authority for years from 2022 to 2024.


     Profit for the Year
     Profit for the year decreased by 10.5% from RMB1,613.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2024 to
     RMB1,443.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2025. Normalized profit for the year increased by 3.6% from
     RMB1,713.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2024 to RMB1,775.5 million for the year ended 31 December
     2025, mainly due to increases in turnover and equity investment income.


     Inventories
     Inventories increased by 4.7% from RMB768.1 million as at 31 December 2024 to RMB804.0 million as at 31
     December 2025. Average inventory turnover days decreased to 123 days for the year ended 31 December 2025 from
     125 days for the year ended 31 December 2024, mainly reflecting a normal fluctuation in inventories.


     Trade Receivables
     Trade receivables increased by 29.9% from RMB1,222.5 million as at 31 December 2024 to RMB1,587.9 million as at
     31 December 2025. Average trade receivables turnover days increased to 79 days for the year ended 31 December
     2025 from 75 days for the year ended 31 December 2024, mainly reflecting changes in the sales weighting of
     customers with different credit terms.


     Trade Payables
     Trade payables decreased by 25.2% from RMB142.4 million as at 31 December 2024 to RMB106.6 million as at 31
     December 2025. Average trade payables turnover days decreased to 19 days for the year ended 31 December 2025
     from 25 days for the year ended 31 December 2024, mainly reflecting a difference in time points of settlement with
     suppliers.


     Liquidity and Financial Resources
     As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s bank balances and cash amounted to RMB2,701.4 million. As at 31 December
     2024, the bank balances and cash amounted to RMB3,706.5 million.

     As at 31 December 2025, the cash and cash equivalents of the Group were mainly denominated in RMB, United
     States Dollar (“US$”), Euro (“EUR”) and Hong Kong Dollars (“HK$”).




39   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                       (CONTINUED)




The following table is a summary of our consolidated statements of cash flows:


                                                                            For the year ended 31 December
                                                                                       2025                 2024
                                                                                  RMB’000               RMB’000
 Net cash from operating activities                                                 758,421            1,268,547
 Net cash used in investing activities                                             (984,322)            (615,096)
 Net cash used in financing activities                                             (770,936)          (1,261,046)
 Net decrease in cash and cash equivalent                                         (996,837)                (607,595)

 Cash and cash equivalent at beginning of the year                               3,706,501               4,311,058
 Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                             (8,284)                 3,038
 Cash and cash equivalent at end of the year                                     2,701,380               3,706,501


Net cash from operating activities
For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group’s net cash generated from operating activities was RMB758.4
million compared with RMB1,268.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2024, a decrease of 40.2% mainly due to
a decrease in operating profit resulting from an increase in injection to research and development, and an increase in
occupancy of working capital.

Net cash used in investing activities
For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group’s net cash used in investing activities was RMB984.3 million
compared with RMB615.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2024, an increase of 60.0% mainly due to
increases in equity investments and expenditures on innovative product collaborations.

Net cash used in financing activities
For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group’s net cash used in financing activities was RMB770.9 million
compared with RMB1,261.0 million for the year ended 31 December 2024, a decrease of 38.9% mainly due to a
decrease in the use of bank borrowings.




                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         40
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     Net Current Assets
                                                                                            As at 31 December
                                                                                              2025               2024
                                                                                           RMB’000            RMB’000
      Current Assets
       Inventories                                                                          803,958              768,139
       Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                              3,084,902            2,160,097
       Trade receivables                                                                  1,587,874            1,222,479
       Other receivables and prepayments                                                    670,692              558,004
       Tax recoverable                                                                        1,270                5,553
       Amount due from associates                                                           448,493              284,088
       Bank balances and cash                                                             2,701,380            3,706,501
                                                                                          9,298,569            8,704,861
      Current Liabilities
       Trade payables                                                                       106,575              142,432
       Other payables                                                                       389,141              342,365
       Lease liabilities                                                                     16,597               16,933
       Contract liabilities                                                                  12,133               16,610
       Bank borrowings                                                                      651,815              831,300
       Tax liabilities                                                                      292,962              166,423
                                                                                          1,469,223            1,516,063

      Net current assets                                                                  7,829,346            7,188,798

     The Group’s liquidity requirements will be satisfied by a combination of cash flow generated from operating activities,
     long-term bank loans and other financing means, according to the corporate development strategy.

     Capital Expenditures
     The following table shows the Group’s capital expenditure:
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December
                                                                                                2025              2024
                                                                                           RMB’000            RMB’000
      Deposits for acquisition of intangible assets                                         473,374            423,289
      Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                               41,037            32,619
                                                                                            514,411              455,908


     Capital Structure and Gearing Ratio
     The Company reviews the capital structure on a regular basis, and considers the cost of capital and the risks
     associated with each class of capital, for maximizing the return to shareholders of the Company.

     The following table shows the Group’s debts:
                                                                                             As at 31 December
                                                                                               2025                 2024
                                                                                           RMB’000              RMB’000
      Interest bearing bank borrowings                                                      651,815              831,300



41   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                       (CONTINUED)




The Group had bank borrowings of RMB651.8 million as at 31 December 2025 (31 December 2024: RMB831.3
million). The details of bank borrowings are set out in note 29 to the consolidated financial statements.

The Group’s gearing ratio, calculated as bank borrowings divided by total assets, decreased by 1.2 percentage points
to 3.4% as at 31 December 2025 from 4.6% as at 31 December 2024.


Market Risks
We are exposed to various types of market risks, including interest rate risks, foreign exchange risks, policy risks
and inflation risks in the normal course of business. These risks are set out in note 34 to the consolidated financial
statements.

The Group is mainly exposed to currency risk of the US$, EUR and HK$. For the Group’s subsidiaries in China,
the conversion of RMB into foreign currencies is subject to the rules and regulations of foreign exchange control
promulgated by the PRC government. Any significant exchange rate fluctuations of foreign currencies against RMB
may have a financial impact on the Group. The Group closely monitors the fluctuation of exchange rates and reviews
the foreign currency risk management strategy from time to time, the management will consider hedging foreign
currency exposure as appropriate.

The Group will closely monitor movements of interest rate and foreign currencies market so as to mitigate the
expected risk on interest rate and foreign currencies.


Pledge of Assets
As at 31 December 2025, the Group had pledged property, plant and equipment and leasehold land with net book
values of approximately RMB17,937,000 and RMB14,060,000, respectively to secure certain bank borrowings and
general banking facilities granted to the Group.


Contingent Liabilities
As at 31 December 2025, the Group had no material contingent liabilities.


Acquisitions and Disposals of Subsidiaries, Associates and Joint Ventures
During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group disposed of a subsidiary Shanghai Carnation Medical
Technology Co., Ltd. and an associate Shenzhen Kangmai Biotechnology Co., Ltd.


Dividend
During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group paid an interim dividend for 2025 and a final dividend for 2024
of RMB376.4 million and RMB284.2 million, respectively. For the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group paid an
interim dividend for 2024 and a final dividend for 2023 of RMB364.2 million and RMB192.0 million, respectively.




                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        42
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025
     DIRECTORS AND SENIOR
     MANAGEMENT

     DIRECTORS

     Executive Directors
     Mr. Lam Kong, aged 61, is the Chairman, Chief Executive and President of the Group and was appointed as an
     executive Director on 18 December 2006. Mr. Lam is responsible for the creation, implementation and management
     of the Group’s development and growth strategy. Mr. Lam has clinician experience and deep understanding and
     knowledge of China’s pharmaceutical industry, possessing unique insight and extensive experience in R&D, marketing,
     promotion, sales and other value-added services. He received his bachelor’s degree in clinical medicine from Zhanjiang
     Medical College in 1986, which was renamed Guangdong Medical University. Mr. Lam is a member of the Nomination
     Committee of the Company and the sole director of Treasure Sea Limited, the controlling shareholder of the Company.

     Mr. Lam is the controlling shareholder of the Company and is interested or deemed to be interested in the Shares and
     underlying Shares of the Company for the purpose of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (“SFO”), the
     details of which are set out on page 52 of this Annual Report.

     Ms. Chen Yanling (former Chinese name as 陳艶玲 ), aged 55, is the Chief Financial Officer and Vice-president of
     the Group and was appointed as an executive Director on 18 December 2006. She joined the Group in 1995 and has
     remained with the Group since then. Ms. Chen is responsible for the Group’s finance, accounting, investor relations,
     administration management and government affairs. She holds an EMBA degree and is a senior accountant with
     extensive experience in financial management, fund raising, auditing and investor relations, etc. As at the end of the
     year 2025, Ms. Chen was awarded eight times the “Best CFO” in Healthcare and Pharmaceuticals by the Institutional
     Investor Magazine. Ms. Chen is the chairman of the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee of the
     Company.

     Ms. Chen is interested or deemed to be interested in the Shares and underlying Shares of the Company for the
     purpose of Part XV of SFO, the details of which are set out on page 52 of this Annual Report.


     Independent Non-Executive Directors
     Mr. Leung Chong Shun, aged 60, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on 13 December 2017.
     Mr. Leung became a practicing lawyer since 1991 and was the chief representative of Woo Kwan Lee & Lo Beijing
     Office. He is currently a partner of Woo Kwan Lee & Lo. Mr. Leung is familiar with corporate finance, M&A and IPO
     legal services and has been involved in various listing and acquisition transactions of Chinese H-share companies and
     red chip companies. Mr. Leung is currently a China-Appointed Attesting Officer appointed by the Ministry of Justice of
     the PRC and a lawyer in the Guangdong-Hongkong-Macau Greater Bay Area. Mr. Leung was an independent non-
     executive director of several companies listed on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”),
     including China Coal Energy Company Limited (stock code: 01898), China Communications Construction Company
     Limited (stock code: 01800), China National Materials Company Limited (the listing with stock code: 01893 was
     withdrawn on the Stock Exchange) and SSY Group Limited (stock code: 02005). He is currently an independent non-
     executive director of Min Xin Holdings Limited (stock code: 00222).




43   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                   DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
                                                                                                      (CONTINUED)




Mr. Leung graduated from the University of Hong Kong in 1988 and obtained a bachelor’s degree in laws with honors.
He is qualified as a solicitor in Hong Kong and England. Mr. Leung is the chairman of the Remuneration Committee, a
member of the Audit Committee, a member of the Nomination Committee and a member of the Environmental, Social
and Governance Committee of the Company.

Ms. Luo Laura Ying (formerly known as Ying Luo), aged 61, was appointed as an independent non-executive
Director on 31 March 2020. Ms. Luo has 31 years of investment experience. Ms. Luo is an independent non-executive
director of companies listed on the Stock Exchange, including Central China New Life Limited (stock code: 9983) and
Tianjin Port Development Holdings Limited (stock code: 03382), as well as a director of Pawo Foundation Limited. Ms.
Luo successively served in Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs (Asia) LLC, Hong Kong as an equity research analyst,
SG Securities as head of China Research and Strategist, Schroder Investment Management (HK) Limited, Barings
Asset Management (Asia) Limited as a managing director and head of Hong Kong China Equities, GL China Equity HK
Management Limited as investment director and consultant, and GL Capital Management Limited as consultant.

Ms. Luo obtained her Bachelor of Arts in International Economics from Peking University in 1987 and Master of
Business Administration from the University of Toronto in 1991. She is a Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) and
Chartered Professional Accountant (CPA) (Canada) charterholder. Ms. Luo is the chairman of the Nomination
Committee, a member of the Audit Committee, a member of the Remuneration Committee of the Company and a
member of the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee of the Company.

Mr. Fung Ching Simon, aged 57, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on 6 October 2021.
Mr. Fung has 11 years of experience in auditing, accounting and business advisory and has over 20 years of
experience in managing finance and accounting functions, mergers and acquisitions, fund raising and investor
relations for companies listed in Hong Kong. Mr. Fung is currently serving as the chief financial officer of Chow Tai
Fook Enterprises Limited. Mr. Fung worked in PricewaterhouseCoopers and several companies listed on the Stock
Exchange successively, including Baoye Group Company Limited (stock code: 02355) as the chief financial officer
and secretary to the board of directors, Greentown China Holdings Limited (stock code: 03900) as the chief financial
officer and company secretary and Logan Group Company Limited (stock code: 03380) as chief financial officer. Mr.
Fung worked for China Logistics Property Holdings Co., Ltd (the listing with stock code: 01589 was withdrawn on the
Stock Exchange) as an independent non-executive director. Mr. Fung is also an independent non-executive director of
companies listed on the Stock Exchange, including Hainan Meilan International Airport Company Limited (stock code:
00357) and Baoye Group Company Limited (stock code: 02355). Mr. Fung was appointed as a council member and
vice president of Hong Kong Business Accountants Association on 22 January 2026.

Mr. Fung graduated from the Queensland University of Technology in Australia with a bachelor’s degree, majoring in
accountancy. He is a fellow member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and a fellow member
of the CPA Australia. Mr. Fung is the chairman of the Audit Committee, a member of the Remuneration Committee, a
member of the Nomination Committee and a member of the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee of the
Company.




                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        44
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025
     DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
     (CONTINUED)




     SENIOR MANAGEMENT
     Mr. Ma Lieyi, aged 56, is the General Manager of the Operations and Management Center of the Group. Mr. Ma
     joined the Group in 1995 and has remained with the Group since then. Mr. Ma has been engaged in sales and
     marketing management in the Group, possessing over 20 years of sales and marketing management experience.
     Mr. Ma graduated from Shenzhen University in 1990, majoring in business administration. He obtained the degree of
     Executive Master of Business Administration (EMBA) from University of Macau in 2022.

     Mr. Jiang Qingfu, aged 50, is the General Manager of Cardio-cerebrovascular/Digestion Business (Shenzhen
     Kangzhe) of the Group. Mr. Jiang joined the Group in 1999 after receiving his bachelor’s degree from college and has
     remained with the Group since then. He was promoted to managerial positions rapidly after training at junior positions,
     having made outstanding sales contribution during the period. Mr. Jiang is currently responsible for the overall
     operations and management of Shenzhen Kangzhe, possessing over 20 years of sales and marketing experience and
     rich experience in operations and management. Mr. Jiang obtained a bachelor’s degree in clinical medicine from Anhui
     Medical University in 1999.

     Ms. Li Yufang, aged 47, is the General Manager of the Finance Center of the Group. Ms. Li joined the Group in 2003
     and has remained with the Group since then. Ms. Li was the Director of the Compliance Department of the Group. Ms.
     Li possesses over 20 years of finance, tax and pharmaceutical companies’ compliance experience. Ms. Li obtained
     a bachelor’s degree of management in electronic data processing accounting from Jilin University of Finance and
     Economics in 2001.

     Mr. Fan Jie, aged 54, is the Deputy General Manager and General Manager of Off-hospital Business and Supply
     Chain Center of the Group. Mr. Fan, joined CMS in August 2024. Mr. Fan has over 25 years of management
     experience in pharmaceutical companies, including drug market promotion, channel management, supply chain
     management, bidding standards entry, and digital marketing. Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Fan worked in several
     pharmaceutical companies, serving as national sales director, head of channel and business department, head of off-
     hospital markets and Co-Chief Executive Officer, etc. Mr. Fan obtained a bachelor’s degree in business administration
     and an EMBA degree from South China University of Technology in January 2012 and June 2014, respectively. He
     graduated from Qinghai Minzu University with a major in Politics and History in 1992.

     Mr. Cai Ping, aged 55, is the Deputy General Manager and General Manager of the Strategic Market of the Group.
     Mr. Cai, joined CMS in August 2024. Mr. Cai has 20 years of sales and market management experience in the
     pharmaceutical field, as well as 7 years of experience in commercialization management of tumour, infection IVD, and
     LDT. Mr. Cai has rich experience in building commercial teams and consistently achieving performance targets. He
     is skilled in team management and breakthroughs in new business ventures, with expertise in systematic business
     planning and implementation. Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Cai worked in a number of pharmaceutical companies,
     serving as sales director, marketing director, director of Strategic Marketing Department, Senior Vice President and
     Chief Commercial Officer, etc. Mr. Cai worked as a resident physician at Qingdao the People’s Liberation Army 141
     Hospital from 1994 to 1996 and had approximately 2 years of experience as a physician in a public hospital. Mr. Cai
     obtained a bachelor’s degree in clinical medicine from the First Military Medical University of the People’s Liberation
     Army (later renamed Southern Medical University) in 1994.




45   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                      DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
                                                                                                           (CONTINUED)




Mr. Huang Anjun, aged 49, is the General Manager of Dermatology Business (Dermavon) of the Group. Mr. Huang
joined the Group in 2005 after receiving his master’s degree from college and has remained with the Group since then.
Mr. Huang is currently responsible for the overall operations and management of Dermavon, possessing over 10 years
of sales and marketing experience and rich experience in operations and management. Mr. Huang obtained a master’s
degree in pediatrics in traditional Chinese medicine from Shandong University of Traditional Chinese Medicine in 2005.

Dr. Peng Huaizheng, aged 64, is the Chief Business Officer of the Group. Dr. Peng was appointed as an independent
non-executive Director of the Company for the period from 4 May 2010 to 9 October 2013 and has remained with
the Group since then. Prior to joining the Group, he held the positions of partner, director or senior portfolio manager
at several multinational financial corporations in the UK and Canada, mainly engaged in investments in the global life
science field. Dr. Peng possesses over 19 years of investment experience. Dr. Peng obtained a bachelor’s degree and
a master’s degree in clinical medicine from Hunan Medical College in 1984 and 1989 respectively, and his doctoral
degree of philosophy in molecular pathology from University College London Medical School, UK in 1998. Prior to
entering into the financial investment and pharmaceutical industries, Dr. Peng was a clinical instructor of histopathology
at the University College London Medical School.

Mr. Jiang Fei, aged 49, is the Chief Investment Officer (Greater China) of the Group. Mr. Jiang joined the Group in
January 2022. Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Jiang was engaged in R&D and business expansion in several domestic
and foreign pharmaceutical companies, and held the positions including executive director and managing director
at several venture capital firms and private equity funds. He possesses over 10 years of work experience in China’s
pharmaceutical industry and approximately 6 years of investment experience. Mr. Jiang obtained a bachelor’s degree
in chemical engineering from East China University of Science and Technology in 1998 and his doctoral degree of
philosophy in chemical engineering from Syracuse University, U.S. in 2006.

Mr. James Stearns, aged 46, is the Chief Investment Officer (Europe and America) of the Group. Mr. Stearns
joined the Group in April 2021. Prior to joining the Group, he was a director of an England investment bank and the
investment director of an independent private equity firm, possessing over 20 years of experience in investment and
finance in Europe and America’s pharmaceutical industries. Mr. Stearns obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics
and accounting from University of Bristol in 2000.

Ms. Wang Linlang, aged 48, is the General Manager of Ophthalmology Business (CMS Vision) of the Group. Ms.
Wang joined the Group in 2004 after receiving her master’s degree from college and has remained with the Group
since then. Ms. Wang is currently responsible for the overall operations and management of CMS Vision, possessing
over 10 years of sales and marketing experience and rich experience in operations and management. Ms. Wang
obtained a bachelor’s degree in preventive medicine and a master’s degree in epidemiology and health statistics from
West China Medical Center, Sichuan University in 2001 and 2004 respectively.


Company Secretary
Ms. Wu Sanyan, aged 44, is the Company Secretary and Director of the Legal Department of the Group. Ms. Wu
joined the Group in 2009 and has remained with the Group since then. Ms. Wu is primarily responsible for overseeing
the legal and regulatory compliance matters of the Group (including compliance with the Listing Rules), possessing
over 10 years of legal and corporate governance experience. Ms. Wu obtained a double bachelor’s degree in history
and law in 2004, and a master’s degree in international law in 2008, both from Wuhan University. During the Reporting
Period, Ms. Wu received professional training for no less than 15 hours to promote her skill and knowledge.

                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          46
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     The Board of the Company is pleased to present the “Directors’ Report” and audited consolidated financial statements
     of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025.


     Principal Activities
     The Company is a holding company, the subsidiaries’ principal activities are set out in note 41 to the consolidated
     financial statements.


     Results
     The results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025 are set out in the consolidated statement of profit or
     loss and other comprehensive income on page 80.


     Business Review
     Business review of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025 can be found in the section headed “Management
     Discussion and Analysis” of this Annual Report, the discussion of which forms part of this “Directors’ Report”.


     Reserves
     Movements in reserves for the year ended 31 December 2025 are set out in the consolidated statement of changes in
     equity on page 83 and note 32 to the consolidated financial statements.


     Distributable Reserves
     As at 31 December 2025, the Company had distributable reserves of RMB5,131.5 million available for distribution to
     the shareholders.


     Property, Plant and Equipment
     Details of changes in property, plant and equipment of the Group are set out in note 15 to the consolidated financial
     statements.


     Share Capital
     Movements in the share capital of the Company are set out in note 31 to the consolidated financial statements.


     Final Dividend
     The Board is pleased to recommend a final dividend of RMB0.1366 (equivalent to HKD0.155 and SGD0.025) per
     ordinary Share for the year ended 31 December 2025 to shareholders whose names appear on the register of
     members of the Company after market closes on Wednesday, 29 April 2026 (the “Record Date”). Payment of such
     final dividend is expected to be made to the Shareholders on about Thursday, 7 May 2026. For the purpose of
     determination of the Shareholders registered under the Company’s register of members in Hong Kong and register
     of members in Singapore for receiving the final dividend in Hong Kong dollars or Singapore dollars respectively,
     any removal of the Shares between the Company’s register of members in Hong Kong and register of members in
     Singapore has to be made by the Shareholders no later than 4:30 p.m. (both Hong Kong and Singapore times) on
     Monday, 30 March 2026.



47   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                                             DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                                                                                                          (CONTINUED)




Closure of Register of Members
Entitlement to attend and vote at the AGM
The Register will be closed from Friday, 17 April 2026 to Thursday, 23 April 2026 (both days inclusive), during which
the registration of transfer of Shares will be suspended. In order to qualify for attending and voting at the AGM, (i)
Hong Kong shareholders must ensure that all transfers of Shares accompanied by the relevant share certificate(s) must
be lodged with the Company’s branch share registrar in Hong Kong, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services
Limited, at Shops 1712-1716, 17/F, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong, for registration
no later than 4:30 p.m. on Thursday, 16 April 2026; (ii) Singapore shareholders must ensure that all transfers of Shares
accompanied by the relevant share certificate(s) must be lodged with the Company’s Singapore share transfer agent,
In.Corp Corporate Services Pte. Ltd., at 36 Robinson Road, #20-01 City House, Singapore 068877, for registration no
later than 5:00 p.m. (Singapore time) on Thursday, 16 April 2026.

Entitlement to Final Dividend
For Hong Kong Shareholders
To determine the eligibility of Hong Kong shareholders to receive the final dividend, the register of members of the
Company will be closed on Wednesday, 29 April 2026, on which the registration of transfer of shares of the Company
(“Shares”) will be suspended. To qualify for the final dividend, all transfer forms of Shares accompanied by the relevant
share certificates must be lodged with the Company’s branch share registrar in Hong Kong, Computershare Hong
Kong Investor Services Limited, at Shops 1712-1716, 17/F, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wan Chai,
Hong Kong, for registration no later than 4:30 p.m. (Hong Kong time) on Tuesday, 28 April 2026. Final dividend will be
paid in Hong Kong dollars to Hong Kong Shareholders.


For Singapore Shareholders
To qualify for the final dividend, all transfer documents accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged
with the Company’s Singapore share transfer agent, In.Corp Corporate Services Pte. Ltd., at 36 Robinson Road, #20-
01 City House, Singapore 068877 for registration no later than 5:00 p.m. (Singapore time) on Wednesday, 29 April
2026. Final dividend will be paid in Singapore dollars to Singapore Shareholders.


Dividend Policy
The Board has adopted a dividend policy (the “Dividend Policy”). Under the Dividend Policy, the Company does not
have any pre-determined dividend payout ratio. Although the Company intends to declare and pay dividends in the
future, the declaration, payment and amount of any dividends are subject to the Board’s discretion having regard to
the following factors: (a) the Group’s actual and expected financial performance; (b) the Group’s expected working
capital requirements and future development plans; (c) the Group’s liquidity position; (d) the economic outlook; (e)
contractual restrictions or obligations; (f) shareholders’ interests; and (g) any other factors the Board may consider
relevant.

Such payment of the dividend by the Company is also subject to any restrictions under any applicable laws, rules and
regulations and the Company’s fifth amended and restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (the “Articles of
Association”). The Company endeavors to strike a balance between the shareholders’ interest and prudent capital
management with a sustainable dividend policy. The Board will continually review the Dividend Policy and reserves the
right in its sole and absolute discretion to update, amend and/or modify the Dividend Policy at any time as the Board
deems fit and necessary. There is no assurance that the Company will pay dividends in any particular amount for any
given period.
                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          48
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     Pre-emptive Rights
     There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under Articles of Association or the laws of the Cayman Islands which
     oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro-rata basis to the existing shareholders.


     Purchase, Sale or Redemption of the Company’s Listed Securities
     None of the Company or any of its subsidiaries has purchased, sold or redeemed any of the listed securities of the
     Company during the Reporting Period.


     Directors
     The Directors of the Company during the year and up to the date of this Annual Report were:

     Executive Directors:
     Mr. LAM Kong (Chairman and Chief Executive, President)
     Ms. CHEN Yanling (Chief Financial Officer, Vice President)

     Independent Non-Executive Directors:
     Mr. LEUNG Chong Shun
     Ms. LUO Laura Ying
     Mr. FUNG Ching Simon

     Pursuant to Article 16.18 of the Articles of Association, at every annual general meeting of the Company, one-third of
     the Directors for the time being (or, if their number is not three or a multiple of three, then the number nearest to, but
     not less than, one-third) shall retire from office by rotation provided that every Director (including those appointed for a
     specific term) shall be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years. Any Director required to stand
     for re-election pursuant to Article 16.2 shall not be taken into account in determining the number of Directors and
     which Directors are to retire by rotation. A retiring Director shall retain office until the close of the meeting at which he
     retires and shall be eligible for re-election thereat. Accordingly, Mr. LAM Kong and Mr. FUNG Ching Simon will retire
     from their offices at the AGM and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-election at the AGM.

     At the AGM, separate ordinary resolutions will be proposed for each of the re-elections of Mr. LAM Kong and Mr.
     FUNG Ching Simon. Details of these retiring Directors will be set out in the circular expected to be issued by the
     Company on 1 April 2026.


     Annual Confirmation of Independence
     For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Company has received from each independent non-executive Director a
     confirmation of independence pursuant to rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company considers all independent non-
     executive Directors to be independent.


     Biographical Details of the Directors and the Senior Management
     The biographical details of the Directors and the senior management are set out on pages 43 to 46 of this Annual
     Report.



49   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                                          DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                                                                                                      (CONTINUED)




Directors’ Service Contracts
Each of the executive Directors had entered into a service contract with the Company for a term of three years. Each
of the independent non-executive Directors had entered into an appointment letter with the Company for a term of
one year. Their appointments are subject to retirement from office by rotation and re-election in accordance with the
Articles of Association. Save as disclosed above, none of the Directors has entered or intended to enter into any
service contracts which cannot be determinable by the Company or any of its subsidiaries within one year without
payment of compensation, other than statutory compensation.


Management Contracts
No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of
the Company were entered into or existed during the Reporting Period.


Employee Benefit Scheme
During the Reporting Period, approved by the Benefit Scheme Executive Committee of the Company, there were six
employees participating in the CMS Key Employee Benefit Scheme. Details of the Employee Benefit Scheme are set
out in note 39 to the consolidated financial statements.


Share Award Scheme
The Company adopted the CMS share award scheme (“Share Award Scheme”) on 17 January 2024 to encourage the
Group’s core management team and key personnel to continue to make outstanding contributions to the marketing
and sales of new products, through an award (“Award”) of shares of the Company (“Shares”). Further details regarding
the Share Award Scheme are set out in the announcement of the Company dated 27 March 2024.

Participants of the Share Award Scheme
Eligible participants (“Eligible Participants”) comprise the Group’s core management, key employees in the product
team (including employees responsible for product launch, research and development, and registration), key
employees in the sales team (including employees responsible for marketing and promotion), and key employees in
the operations team.

Maximum number of Share Award Scheme Shares
Pursuant to the rules of the Share Award Scheme, the aggregate maximum number of Shares to be purchased by
the Trustee shall not exceed 100,000,000 Shares, representing approximately 4% of the issued share capital of the
Company as at the date of this report.

Up to the date of this report, a total of 3,973,400 Shares had been granted under the Share Award Scheme. The
total number of Shares available for grant under the Share Award Scheme as at the date of this report is 96,026,600,
representing approximately 3.94% of the issued share capital of the Company as at the date of this report.

Maximum entitlement of each participant under the Share Award Scheme
Pursuant to the rules of the Share Award Scheme, the maximum number of Award Shares that may be granted to any
Eligible Participant on a cumulative basis in any 12-month period shall not exceed 1% of the issued share capital of
the Company from time to time.


                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        50
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     Amount payable on acceptance of Awards
     Under the Scheme, no consideration or payment shall be made by the Eligible Participants upon the acceptance of
     the Awards.

     Remaining life of the Share Award Scheme
     The Share Award Scheme shall be valid and effective for a term of 10 years commencing on 17 January 2024. As at
     the date of this report, the remaining life of the Share Award Scheme is 7 years and 10 months.

     Vesting period
     An Award vests upon the achievement of certain performance targets prior to the vesting date, as set out in award
     notice. The Board has the absolute discretion to determine the applicable performance targets and the vesting date.

     Grant of share awards pursuant to the Share Award Scheme
     On 28 March 2025, the Company granted 3,973,400 Award Shares representing approximately 0.16% of the
     total issued Shares as at the date of this annual report, to the Eligible Participants who have made outstanding
     contributions to the launch of new products, under the Share Award Scheme (the “Award Grants”). The performance
     requirement set by the Company has been achieved. Resigning employees shall sell all Shares they hold prior to their
     departure date.

     The details of the movements of the awarded shares during the Reporting Period are set out as follows.

     Date of grant: 28 March 2025.
     Date of vesting: 31 March 2025.
     Form of grant: Non-cash subscription.
     Consideration for the Award Shares granted: Nil.
     Number of Award grantees: 130 Eligible Participants, none of whom is a Director, chief executive or substantial
     shareholder of the Company, or their respective associates or the five highest paid individuals during the Reporting
     Period.
     Unvested as at the beginning and the end of the Reporting Period: Nil.
     Cancelled or lapsed during the Reporting Period: Nil.
     Number of Award Shares granted and vested during the Reporting Period: 3,973,400 Shares.
     Lock-up period: Subject to the lock-up requirements during the black-out period, i.e., within 60 days before the
     publication date of the annual result announcement and within 30 days before the publication date of the interim result
     announcement.
     Closing price of the Shares immediately before the date on which the Awards were granted: HK$7.91 per Share.
     Weighted average closing price of the shares immediately prior to the date of vesting: HK$7.91 per Share.
     Fair value of Award Shares as at the date of grant and accounting standards and policies adopted: During the year
     ended 31 December 2025, the Company recognised an expense of RMB27,310,000 (2024: Nil) on the Scheme
     based on individual’s contributions to meeting those targets, in which such amount was recognised as share-based
     payment in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income. Details are set out in note 3
     and note 39 to the consolidated financial statements.




51   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                                                            DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                                                                                                                         (CONTINUED)




Directors’ interests in Transactions, Arrangements or Contracts of
Significance
Except as disclosed in this report, there was no transaction, arrangement or contract of significance subsisting during
or at the end of the financial year ended 31 December 2025 in which a director or an entity connected with a director
is or was materially interested.


Directors’ and Chief Executive’s Interests and Short Positions in Shares,
Underlying Shares and Debentures of the Company and Its Associated
Corporations
As at 31 December 2025, the interests or short positions of the Directors and Chief Executive in the shares, underlying
shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of SFO)
which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, or as
otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange, pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions
by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) as set out in Appendix C3 of the Listing Rules were as follows:

Interests and Short Positions in Shares, Underlying Shares of the Company

                                                                                      Class of Shares and            Approximate
                                  Name of                                               Total Number of             Percentage of
  Name of Directors                                       Nature of Interest
                                Corporations                                              Shares Held               Interest in the
                                                                                            (Note 1)                  Company

                                                          Interest in controlled        1,167,564,000 (L)
     Mr. Lam Kong                The Company                                                                             47.86%
                                                               corporation                  (Note 2)
   Ms. Chen Yanling              The Company               Beneficial owner               7,246,250(L)                   0.30%

Notes:
1. The letter “L” denotes long positions in the Shares.
2. These Shares are held by Mr. Lam Kong through Treasure Sea Limited, a company wholly owned by him.

Associated Corporation of the Company

                                                                                                Approximate Percentage
                                     Name of associated               Class of Shares and Total
                                                                                                    of Interest in the
   Name of Directors                  corporation of the               Number of Shares Held
                                                                                                associated corporation of
                                          Company                              (Note 1)
                                                                                                     the Company
                                                                                  97(L)
       Mr. Lam Kong              Dermavon Holdings Limited                                                0.89%
                                                                                (Note 2)
                                                                                    104(L)
     Ms. Chen Yanling            Dermavon Holdings Limited                                                          0.95%
                                                                                   (Note 3)

Notes:
1. The letter “L” denotes long positions in the Shares.
2. Mr. Lam Kong is entitled to 97 unvested shares underlying the awards granted to Mr. Lam under the share award scheme of Dermavon
    Holdings Limited.
3. Ms. Chen Yanling is entitled to 104 unvested shares underlying the restricted share units granted to Ms. Chen under the share incentive
   scheme of Dermavon Holdings Limited.




                                                                                          CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED              52
                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     Directors’ Right to Acquire Shares or Debentures
     At no time during the Reporting Period were rights to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in or
     debentures of the Company granted to any Director or their respective spouses or minor children, or were any such
     rights exercised by them; nor was the Company or any of its subsidiaries a party to any arrangements to enable the
     Directors, their respective spouses or minor children to acquire such rights in any other body corporate.


     Substantial Shareholders’ Interests and Short Positions in Shares,
     Underlying Shares and Debentures of the Company and Its Associated
     Corporations
     Saved as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2025, the Directors were not aware of any other person (other than the
     Directors or the Chief Executive of the Company) who held interests and short positions in the shares or underlying
     shares or debentures of the Company which would have to be disclosed to the Company and the Stock Exchange
     pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or were recorded in the register required to be kept by the
     Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.


     Connected Transactions
     During the year ended 31 December 2025, details of the Group’s continuing connected transaction subject to the
     reporting, annual review, announcement requirements are set out as follows:

     Continuing            Date               Connected        Description and purpose of the   Annual      Actual
     connected                                person           transaction                      cap for the transaction
     transaction                                                                                year ended amount
                                                                                                31          (royalty fee)
                                                                                                December for the year
                                                                                                2025        ended 31
                                                                                                            December
                                                                                                            2025
     Asset Assignment      Diazepam Asset     A&B (HK)         the CMS Parties, each a         RMB66.65 RMB2.02
     Agreements related    Assignment         Company          subsidiary of the Company, and million   million
     to Diazepam Nasal     Agreements:28      Limited (“A&B”), A&B entered into the Diazepam
     Spray (VALTOCO)       August 2023;       a company        Asset Assignment Agreements
     (“Diazepam Asset                         wholly-owned on 28 August 2023 and the
     Assignment            Diazepam Asset     by Mr. Lam       Diazepam Asset Assignment
     Agreements”)          Assignment         Kong, an         Amendment Agreements
     and Amendment         Amendment          executive        on 12 September 2023 to
     Agreements for        Agreements:12      Director, the    specify detailed terms of the
     Diazepam Asset        September 2023     chairman of      transfer and the assignment
     Assignment                               the Board, and of all the assets related to any
     Agreements                               a controlling    pharmaceutical preparation,
     (“Diazepam Asset                         shareholder of formulation, dosage form,
     Assignment                               the Company      or delivery vehicle relating to
     Amendment                                                 the Diazepam Nasal Spray
     Agreements”)                                              (VALTOCO) and/or its line
                                                               extensions in the territories
                                                               (being mainland China, Hong
                                                               Kong, Macau, Taiwan and
                                                               Singapore) to the Group




53   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                                            DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                                                                                                         (CONTINUED)




The detailed terms of the non-exempt continuing connected transaction mentioned above are as follows:

Diazepam Asset Assignment Agreements and Diazepam Asset Assignment Amendment Agreements
On 28 August 2023, CMS Bridging Limited, CMS International Development and Management Limited, Rxilient
Biotech Pte. Ltd. and Rxilient Medical Pte. Ltd. (collectively, the “CMS Parties”), each a subsidiary of the Company,
and A&B entered into the Diazepam Asset Assignment Agreements (for details, please refer to the announcement
published by the Company on the websites of the SEHK and the Company on 28 August 2023); on 12 September
2023, the CMS Parties, and A&B entered into the Diazepam Asset Assignment Amendment Agreements to amend
certain terms of the Diazepam Asset Assignment Agreements (for details, please refer to the announcement published
by the Company on the websites of the SEHK and the Company on 12 September 2023). Pursuant to the Diazepam
Asset Assignment Agreements and the Diazepam Asset Assignment Amendment Agreements, A&B has transferred
and assigned to the Group all assets relating to any pharmaceutical preparation, formulation, dosage form, or delivery
vehicle in respect of the Diazepam Nasal Spray (VALTOCO) and/or its line extensions in the territories (being Mainland
China, Hong Kong, Macau, Taiwan and Singapore).

Assets acquired
The CMS Parties have agreed to acquire from A&B, and A&B has agreed to transfer and assign to the relevant
CMS Parties, all assets relating to the Product in the territories of Mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau, Taiwan and
Singapore (the “Territories”). The Product refers to any pharmaceutical preparation, formulation, dosage form, or
delivery vehicle, relating to the Diazepam Nasal Spray (VALTOCO) and/or its line extensions (the “Product”). The
assets include the marketing authorization, manufacturing rights, intellectual property and all commercial information,
medical information, know-how and records relating to the Product in and for the territories. Accordingly, following the
acquisition the Group has the exclusive right to promote, distribute, market and sell the Product in the Territories.

Consideration
The Assets were originally acquired by Prime West Global Limited (“PWG”) from Neurelis pursuant to an Asset
Assignment and Exclusive Licence Agreement (the “Upstream Agreement”). In February 2016, A&B entered into an
Assignment Agreement with PWG pursuant to which A&B acquired the Assets for US$5.0 million. In addition, A&B
has agreed to assume PWG’s liabilities under the Upstream Agreement, which includes an agreement to pay Neurelis
royalties of up to US$0.6 per unit of Diazepam Nasal Spray (VALTOCO) imported into or sold in the Territories (“Royalty
I”), subject to adjustment to reflect the final pricing scheme adopted in the relevant jurisdiction in the Territories.

Pursuant to the Diazepam Asset Assignment Agreements, the CMS Parties have agreed to pay A&B a royalty payment
of 9.0% on the net sales of Diazepam Nasal Spray (VALTOCO) sold by the Group in the Territories (“Royalty II”). In
addition, the CMS Parties have agreed to assume the liabilities of A&B under the Upstream Agreement. Accordingly,
the CMS Parties will be responsible for the payment of any Royalty I due to Neurelis under the Upstream Agreement in
respect of Diazepam Nasal Spray (VALTOCO) imported into or sold in the Territories. Pursuant to the Asset Assignment
Amendment Agreements, the CMS Parties and A&B have agreed that the CMS Parties will pay the Royalty I to A&B
instead of paying the Royalty I directly to Neurelis. The amount of Royalty I payable by the CMS Parties to A&B will be
equal to the royalty payable by A&B to Neurelis under the Upstream Agreement, as determined by the formula in the
Upstream Agreement.




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         54
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     The above consideration is determined by the Group and A&B following arm’s length negotiations, taking into account
     factors such as the initial acquisition cost of the product by A&B, the competitiveness of the Product in the Territories,
     the Group’s business plans and the results of clinical trials and the status of new drug applications for the Product in
     various jurisdictions within the Territories.

     Term
     The initial payment term of the Royalty II payments is fixed for a period ending on 31 December 2047 (the “Royalty
     Term”) and the term may be extended for further periods subject to the agreement of the parties and compliance with
     any requirements of the Listing Rules; the CMS Parties currently expect that the Royalty I payments will be payable
     until the end of 2032.

     Rule 14A.52 of the Listing Rules stipulates that the term of an agreement for continuing connected transactions must
     be agreed for a fixed period of not more than three years, unless special circumstances justify a longer period based
     on the nature of the transaction. The Company considers that a long or indefinite term is in line with the practice in the
     pharmaceutical industry for asset assignment agreements or in-licensing agreements similar to the Asset Assignment
     Agreements, as the parties will be investing a significant amount of time and capital in the marketing and promotion
     of the drugs. Accordingly, the License Term of up to 25 years may reflect market practice. In this regard, as required
     by Rule 14A.52 of the Listing Rules, the Company has appointed Anglo Chinese Corporate Finance, Limited (“Anglo
     Chinese”) as its independent financial adviser to explain why the Asset Assignment Agreements require a term longer
     than three years and to confirm that it is normal commercial practice for such agreements to be set up for such
     period. Anglo Chinese is of the view that (i) the term of the Asset Assignment Agreements needs to be longer than
     three years; and (ii) it is in line with normal commercial practice for similar agreements to have such a term.

     Annual Caps
                                                                                                                   RMB ’000
      For each year during the five-year period ending 31 December 2027                                              66,650
      For each year during the five-year period ending 31 December 2032                                             111,080
      For each year during the remaining period of the Royalty Term                                                 150,000

     The Annual Caps are the sum of the Royalty I and Royalty II payments. The Annual Caps have been determined based
     on, among other things, the following considerations: (a) the market size and growth potential of the product for the
     acute treatment of intermittent, stereotypic episodes of frequent seizure activity in the epilepsy patient population in
     China and other markets in the Territories; (b) the prevalence and incidence of epilepsy and seizure clusters in the
     Territories, as well as the unmet medical need and treatment gap for this condition, which may affect the demand
     for and adoption of the Product among patients, caregivers, and physicians; (c) the pricing and reimbursement
     strategy for the Product in the Territories, taking into account the affordability, accessibility, and value proposition of
     the Product compared to existing or emerging therapies; (d) the competitive landscape and positioning of the Product
     in the Territories, considering the strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, and threats of the product relative to other
     products or devices for the acute treatment of seizure clusters, as well as the potential market share and penetration
     of the Product in the Territories; and (e) the Group’s sales and marketing efforts and resources in the territories,
     including launch and commercialization plans, promotional and educational activities, distribution and supply chain
     management, and post-marketing surveillance and pharmacovigilance of the Product in the Territories.




55   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                                              DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                                                                                                           (CONTINUED)




Review by and Confirmation of the Independent Non-executive Directors of the Company

The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the above continuing connected transactions, and after due
and careful enquiry with the management of the Group and consideration, confirmed that such transactions have been
entered into:
（1）in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group；
（2）on normal commercial terms or better; and
（3）according to the agreement governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the interests of the
      Company’s shareholders as a whole.

The independent non-executive Directors are satisfied that they have received and reviewed sufficient information to
give the confirmations above.

Confirmation of the Auditor

The Company’s auditor was engaged to report on the Group’s continuing connected transactions in accordance with
Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) “Assurance Engagements Other than Audits or
Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing
Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
Accountants. The auditor has issued an unqualified letter containing the findings and conclusions in respect of the
above mentioned continuing connected transactions in accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules.

The auditors of the Group had informed the Board and confirmed nothing has come to their attention that cause them
to believe that the continuing connected transactions:
（1）have not been approved by the Board;
（2）were not entered into, in all material respects, in accordance with the relevant agreement governing the
       transactions; and
（3）have exceeded the relevant annual cap.

In respect of the above mentioned non-exempt connected transactions, the Directors also confirmed that the
Company has complied with the disclosure requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

Save as disclosed above, during the Reporting Period, there were no connected transactions or continuing connected
transactions of the Company which are subject to any of the reporting, announcement or independent shareholders’
approval requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

Details of the related party transactions of the Group during the Reporting Period are set out in notes 39 and 41 to the
consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report. Save as disclosed in the “Connected Transactions” section of
this Annual Report, these related party transactions either (i) do not constitute a “connected transaction” or “continuing
connected transaction” under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules; or (ii) are “connected transactions” fully exempt from
the reporting, announcement and independent shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing
Rules.




                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          56
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     Employees
     As at 31 December 2025, the Group had 6,415 employees. To meet the talents development needs of the Group, the
     Group has optimized the Group’s strategy, organizational structure, improved the Group’s performance management
     and salary incentive system, etc., to further stimulate the organizational vitality and improve organizational operation
     efficiency, enabling the Group’s human resource management to fully match with the Group’s development strategy.
     The Group provides employees with competitive remuneration packages including medium- and long-term
     share award scheme, salaries, bonuses, insurance and benefits. Salaries and bonuses are based on employees’
     performance and are measured against specific objective criteria. Additionally, the Group is committed to providing
     equal opportunities to all employees in all respects and has made efforts in employees’ continuing education and training
     programs, such as orientation programs for new employees, regulation-related trainings and job skills trainings, to
     continuously enhance their knowledge, skills and teamwork spirit.

     Directors’ and Senior Management’s Emoluments
     The remuneration committee determines and proposes to the Board (as the case may be) on the remuneration and other
     benefits payable to the Directors and Management. The committee, on a routine basis, supervises the remuneration of
     all Directors and Management to ensure that their remuneration and compensation are appropriate and reasonable. The
     Group adopts competitive remuneration packages with reference to the industry standard and in the light of the business
     advancement of the Group, and determines remuneration of the Directors and Management after taking into account
     their qualifications, experience and contributions, so as to attract and retain its Directors and Management.

     Particulars of directors’ emoluments and the five highest paid individuals of the Group are set out in note 9 and note
     10 to the consolidated financial statements, respectively.

     For the year ended 31 December 2025, the emoluments of the Group’s senior management (including the Company
     Secretary but not directors) are disclosed below:

     Band of Emolument                                                       Number of Senior Management
     HK$1,500,001 - HK$2,000,000                                                           2
     HK$2,000,001 - HK$2,500,000                                                           1
     HK$2,500,001 - HK$3,000,000                                                           2
     HK$3,000,001 - HK$3,500,000                                                           6
     Total                                                                                11


     Key Relationship with Employees, Customers and Suppliers
     The Company maintains good relationships with its employees by taking all practicable measures, including but not
     limited to improving, reviewing and updating its policies on remuneration and benefits, training, occupational health
     and safety, to ensure that all the staff are reasonably remunerated.

     The Company has good relationships with its customers and is always improving the communication mechanism with
     customers to ensure all complaints or feedback from customers can be fed to the Company in a timely manner and
     the customers can receive service of high quality.

     The Company maintains long-term good cooperation with domestic and overseas suppliers, which are reputable in
     the industry.




57   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                                             DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                                                                                                          (CONTINUED)




Tax Relief and Exemption
The Group is not aware of any tax relief and exemption available to the Shareholders by reason of their holding of the
Shares.


Environmental Policies and Performance
The Group has strictly enforced the Environmental Protection Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共
和國環境保護法》), Law of the People’s Republic of China on Prevention and Control of Water Pollution (《中華人
民共和國水污染防治法》), Law of the People’s Republic of China on Prevention and Control of Environmental Noise
Pollution (《中華人民共和國噪聲污染防治法》), and other applicable laws and regulations related to environmental
matters. The Group rigorously guards against environmental risk accidents in business management and production
processes, and has set up environmental management organizations including the Environmental, Social and
Governance Committee, assigned full-time environmental management personnel, established and improved the
environmental management system, and developed the comprehensive risk-defensive measure and emergency plan
for accidents. We also require our suppliers to operate in strict compliance with the pertinent environmental regulations
and rules and obtain all necessary permission and approval from the relevant government authorities.


Compliance with Laws and Regulations
During the Reporting Period, the Group had complied with the relevant laws and regulations that have a significant
impact on the operations of the Group.


Principal Risks and Uncertainties
There are a number of risks and uncertainties which may affect the performance and operation of the Group. The
following is a summary of principal risks and uncertainties identified by the Company:

Compliance with GMP and GSP Standards
In accordance with applicable laws and regulations, certain subsidiaries of the Company are required to comply
with good Manufacturing Practice (“GMP”) standards and good Supplying Practice (“GSP”) standards constantly
and strictly. The Group has established a sound quality management system for the production and operation of
pharmaceuticals, and accepts continuous supervision and inspection by regulatory agencies to ensure compliance
with current GMP and GSP standards. In the event that those subsidiaries fail to strictly comply with the requirements
of GMP and/or GSP standards and are penalized by the regulatory authorities, the Group’s business may still be
largely and adversely affected after taking related remedies.

Product Liability
As insurance is not mandatorily required, the Group has not covered valid product liability insurance in respect of
the manufacture and distribution of pharmaceutical products in the PRC. In the event of any product liability claim
or proceedings pertaining to the products of the Group, which could not be solved through negotiation or any other
methods, the Group may suffer material cost and damage to its relationship with customers.




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          58
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     Healthcare Reform in China
     The government regulation and governance over the healthcare system in the PRC is undergoing a crucial reform
     period, where (i) the applicable laws, regulations and policies pertaining to the healthcare, medical and pharmaceutical
     industry are constantly evolving, and (ii) governmental authorities in the PRC may regularly or unexpectedly amend
     their implementation practices. Enforcement action taken by the government against the Group may affect us
     materially and adversely. Significant adverse consequences may therefore be incurred if our Group did not optimize
     its strategy to adapt to the variation of the Chinese medical system in time. Moreover, the scope and the extent of
     application of the government regulation and governance are continually changing, which leads to more risks and
     uncertainties in respect of the performance and operation of the Group. The National VBP is an industrial policy that
     has significant impact on the Group.

     Tender and Price Control
     The Company and its subsidiaries have to participate in a government-led tender process every year or every few
     years. Any failure in bidding in a provincial tender process will affect the Group’s product sales in the respective
     province. Moreover, the product price, our market share, revenue and profitability may be affected due to certain new
     methods adopted in the provincial tender process.

     R&D, Regulatory Approval and Commercialization of Innovative Patented Products
     The successful development of innovative patented products, the obtaining of regulatory approval and the realization of
     commercialization are affected by a number of factors. These include but are not limited to the sufficiency of resources
     to acquire or discover more drug candidates, pre-clinical studies and clinical trial delays or failures, uncertainties
     brought about by the duration of the approval and regulatory approval process, and, if regulatory approval is obtained,
     whether the products can be promoted successfully and their acceptance level in the market. If the R&D of innovative
     patented products fails, the Group is unable to obtain regulatory approval, or market acceptance of our products is
     not promising, the Group’s future development may be affected adversely.

     Furthermore, there may be other principal risks and uncertainties that are not known to the Company or may not be
     material now but could turn out to be material in the future.


     Major Customers and Suppliers
     For the year ended 31 December 2025, the percentage of sales to the Group’s five largest customers was
     approximately 31.1% of the Group’s total sales, and sales to the top customer accounted for approximately 17.9% of
     the total sales.

     For the year ended 31 December 2025, the percentage of purchases from the Group’s five largest suppliers was
     approximately 66.1% of the Group’s total purchases, and purchase from the top supplier accounted for approximately
     25.4% of the total purchases.

     Except as disclosed in note 37 to the consolidated financial statement, none of the Group’s directors, their close
     associates or shareholders had an interest in the Group’s suppliers or customers.




59   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                                              DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                                                                                                           (CONTINUED)




Corporate Governance
A report for the corporate governance principles and practices adopted by the Company is set out on pages 62 to 74
of this Annual Report.


Sufficiency of Public Float
According to the publicly available information and as far as the Directors were aware of, during the Reporting Period
and as at the date of this Annual Report, at least 25% of the Company’s total issued share capital was held by the
public in compliance with the public float requirement under the Listing Rules.


Non-competition and Indemnity Agreements
The Company entered into a deed of non-competition with Mr. Lam Kong and his wholly owned company registered
in the British Virgin Islands - Treasure Sea Limited (“Treasure Sea”) on 14 September 2010 (the “Non-competition
Deed”). Mr. Lam Kong and Treasure Sea jointly undertook not to carry on businesses that are in competition with the
business of the Group.

Mr. Lam Kong and Treasure Sea stated that they had complied with the relevant clauses of the Non-competition Deed,
and did not engage in businesses that are in competition or may compete with the businesses of the Group, and also
did not directly or indirectly hold any business interest that is in competition with the businesses of the Group during
the Reporting Period.

The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the compliance of the Non-competition Deed by Mr. Lam
Kong and Treasure Sea during the Reporting Period, and reviewed the relevant business information provided by the
Group. The independent non-executive Directors were of the opinion that Mr. Lam Kong and Treasure Sea complied
with the relevant terms of the Non-competition Deed during the Reporting Period and did not cause any competition
with the Group. The Board of Directors operated and managed the Group’s businesses independently in the interests
of the Company and its shareholders as a whole.


Donation
During the Reporting Period, the Group had made donations of RMB2.9 million for public services in communities,
for details please refer to “Undertaking Community Responsibilities” on page 71 of the Group’s 2025 Environmental,
Social and Governance Report.


Permitted Indemnity Provision
According to the Articles of Association, among others, every Director, auditor or other officer of the Company shall be
entitled to be indemnified out of the assets of the Company against all losses or liabilities incurred or sustained by him
as a Director, auditor or other officer of the Company in defending any proceedings, whether civil or criminal, in which
judgment is given in his favor, or in which he is acquitted.

During the year ended 31 December 2025, pursuant to the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622 of the Laws
of Hong Kong), appropriate insurance coverage for the Directors’ and senior management’s liabilities in respect of legal
actions against the Directors and senior management of the Company arising out of corporate activities of the Group
has been arranged by the Company.


                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          60
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     Equity-Linked Agreements
     The Company has not entered into any equity-linked agreement during the year ended 31 December 2025.


     Compliance with the Corporate Governance Code
     The Company has complied with the applicable principles and code provisions of the Corporate Governance Code
     (the “CG Code”) as set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules from 1 January 2025 to 31 December 2025, except for
     a deviation from the Code Provision C.2.1 in respect of the roles of Chairman and Chief Executive which shall not be
     performed by the same individual. The details of the Company’s compliance with the CG Code are set out on pages
     62 to 74 of this Annual Report.


     Competing Interests
     None of the Directors or management and their respective associates (as defined in the Listing Rules) has an interest
     in a business which competes or may compete with the businesses of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or has
     any other conflict of interest with the Company during the Reporting Period.


     Audit Committee
     The details of the Audit Committee are set out on pages 66 to 67 of the Corporate Governance Report of this Annual
     Report.


     Auditors
     The Company has appointed Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as auditors since the listing of the Company on the Main
     Board of the Stock Exchange on 28 September 2010. The financial statements in the Annual Report for the year have
     been audited by Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu. A resolution will be submitted at the AGM of the Company to re-appoint
     Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as auditor of the Company.




                                                                                         By order of the Board
                                                                                 China Medical System Holdings Limited
                                                                                              Lam Kong
                                                                                               Chairman

     Hong Kong, 16 March 2026




61   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Corporate Governance Report
The Company is committed to upholding high standards of corporate governance and has adopted sound
governance and disclosure practices. The Company believes that continuously improving corporate governance can
increase the Group’s accountability and transparency so as to maximize the long-term level shareholder value.


Corporate Strategy, Business Model and Culture
The details of Corporate Strategy, Business Model and Culture are set out in Business Highlights, Chairman’s
Statement and Management Discussion and Analysis of this Annual Report.


Corporate Governance Practices
The Company has complied with the applicable principles and code provisions of the CG Code as set out in Appendix
C1 to the Listing Rules from 1 January 2025 to 31 December 2025, except for a deviation from the Code Provision
C.2.1 in respect of the roles of Chairman and Chief Executive which shall not be performed by the same individual.

Mr. Lam Kong has been both the Chairman and Chief Executive of the Company and his responsibilities are clearly
established and set out in writing and approved by the Board. Given the Group’s current stage of development, the
Board considers that vesting the roles of Chairman and Chief Executive in the same person facilitates the execution
of the Group’s business strategies and maximizes effectiveness of its operations. The Board shall nevertheless review
the Group’s management structure from time to time and shall consider any appropriate adjustments should new
circumstances arise.


Directors’ Securities Transactions
The Company adopted the Written Guidelines for Securities Transactions by Directors and Relevant Employees (the
“Written Guidelines”) on no less exacting terms than the Model Code as the code of conduct for Directors’ securities
transactions. Having made specific inquiries of all Directors in relation to the compliance with the Written Guidelines
for securities transactions by Directors, the Company confirmed that all the Directors have complied with the relevant
standards for securities transactions by directors set out in the Written Guidelines for the year ended 31 December
2025. The Written Guidelines also apply to other specified senior management of the Company.

Employees who are likely to be in possession of unpublished price-sensitive information about the Company are also
subject to compliance with the Written Guidelines. No incident of non-compliance with the Written Guidelines by such
employees was noted by the Company in the Reporting Period.


Operation of the Board
In accordance with good corporate governance principles, the Board convened regular meetings in accordance with
statutory procedures, and complied strictly with the applicable laws, regulations and the Articles of Association in the
exercise of its authority, with an emphasis on protecting the interests of the Company and its shareholders as a whole.




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         62
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     The role and responsibilities of the Board broadly cover reviewing and approving corporate mission and broad
     strategies; overseeing and evaluating the conduct of the Group’s businesses; identifying principal risks and ensuring
     the implementation of appropriate measures and control systems to manage these risks; and reviewing and approving
     important matters such as financial results, investments and divestments and other material transactions. All Directors
     and Board Committees have access to external legal counsel and other professionals for independent advice to better
     perform their duties at the Group’s expense if necessary.

     The Board has performed the strategic decision-making function in accordance with the long-term interest of the
     Group as well as the interest of shareholders and relevant parties, and has been subject to effective supervision and
     assessment in maintaining corporate resources and conducting operation management. The Board is responsible for
     making effective incentives and constraints for the management when duly delegating powers to them. Meanwhile,
     as the core of the Company’s corporate governance framework, the Board has clearly separated its functions and
     duties from that of the management. Differentiating itself from the functions and duties of the Board, the specific
     responsibilities and duties of the management of the Company mainly include running the Company’s day-today
     business; drafting and proposing the Company’s annual business plan and investment plan; working out the
     human resource policy and arranging an appropriate organizational structure of the Company; drafting plans for the
     establishment of the Company’s branch offices; creating and upgrading the Company’s basic internal management
     system and mandates for Company management; within the authority delegated by the Board, appointing, changing
     or recommending shareholder representatives, directors and supervisors in its holding subsidiary or joint stock
     subsidiary; and other powers delegated by the Board.

     The Company has established four committees, namely, the Audit Committee, the Nomination Committee, the
     Remuneration Committee and the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee, which mainly comprise
     independent non-executive Directors and are responsible for overseeing particular aspects of the Group’s business
     and providing the Group with recommendations for improvements. Please see below for the work scope of these
     committees. The Board has delegated the responsibilities of the day-to-day management and operation of the
     Group’s businesses to the management of the Company and its subsidiaries and has given clear directions as to the
     management’s powers including where management should report back and obtain prior approval of the Board before
     making decisions or entering into any commitments on the Company’s behalf.


     Composition of the Board
     As at the date of this Annual Report, the Board consists of five Directors, including two executive Directors, namely
     Mr. Lam Kong and Ms. Chen Yanling; three independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Leung Chong Shun, Ms.
     Luo Laura Ying and Mr. Fung Ching Simon. Biographical details of the Directors are set out on pages 43 to 44 of this
     Annual Report. Save as disclosed in the section headed “Directors and Senior Management” of this Annual Report,
     none of the Directors has any financial, business, family or other material or relevant relationships among members
     of the Board. The Chairman shall promote a culture of openness and debate by facilitating the effective contribution
     of non-executive Directors in particular and ensuring constructive relations between Executive Directors and non-
     executive Directors. The Chairman of a meeting shall ensure that an explanation is provided of the detailed procedures
     for conducting a poll and answer any questions from shareholders on voting by poll.




63   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                                                                                            (CONTINUED)




Board Attendances and Time Commitment
During the Reporting Period, the Company held six Board meetings and one annual general meeting. The following is
the attendance record of the Directors at such meetings held during the Reporting Period.


                                                                                             Attendance Rate
Name                               Title                                                                Annual General
                                                                                    Board Meeting
                                                                                                           Meeting
Mr. Lam Kong                       Chairman and Chief Executive, President                6/6                  1/1
Ms. Chen Yanling                   Chief Financial Officer, Vice President                6/6                  1/1
Mr. Chen Hongbing (Resigned
                                   Non- Executive Director                                5/5                  1/1
with effect from 18 August 2025)
Mr. Leung Chong Shun               Independent Non- Executive Director                    6/6                  1/1
Ms. Luo Laura Ying                 Independent Non- Executive Director                    6/6                  1/1
Mr. Fung Ching Simon               Independent Non- Executive Director                    6/6                  1/1


Upon reviewing (i) the annual confirmation of the time commitment given by each Director; (ii) the directorships and
major commitments of each Director; and (iii) the attendance rate of each Director for the Board meetings and the
general meetings, the Board is satisfied that all Directors have spent sufficient time in performing their responsibilities
during the Reporting Period.


Independent Non-executive Directors and Mechanisms Ensuring
Independent Views and Input Available to the Board
The Nomination Committee is authorized to identify individuals suitably qualified to become independent non-executive
Directors through various ways and channels, including recommendation by Directors, engaging external agencies
and any other way or channel that the Nomination Committee considers appropriate. The Nomination Committee will
request the candidates to provide their biographies and other information that the Nomination Committee considers
necessary, and will comprehensively consider the factors including the character and integrity, the achievements and
experience in the industries involved in the business of the Group, other professional qualifications, diversity factors,
the time devoted to the affairs of the Board, the undertaking of the duties of the Board, and the independence
requirement of independent non-executive Directors under the Listing Rules to evaluate and select candidates for
independent non-executive Directors and propose one or several of them to the Board.

For the year ended 31 December 2025, there were three independent non-executive Directors, representing three
fifths of the Board, at least one of whom has appropriate professional accounting qualifications. The Company has
received from each independent non-executive Director an annual confirmation of his/her independence, and the
Company considers such Directors to be independent in accordance with each and every guideline set out under the
Listing Rules.




                                                                               CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          64
                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     The independent non-executive Directors are appointed for a period of one year. All of them are subject to
     retirement by rotation and re-election by shareholders at the annual general meeting in accordance with the Articles
     of Association. The responsibilities of the independent non-executive Directors include, without limitation: regular
     attendance at meetings of the Board and of Board Committees of which they are members; provision of independent
     opinion at meetings of the Board and other Board Committees; service on the Audit Committee, the Remuneration
     Committee, the Nomination Committee and the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee; and scrutinizing
     and monitoring the performance of the Company as a whole.

     All independent non-executive Directors have spent sufficient time in performing their responsibilities during the
     Reporting Period. They monitored and ensured that the Group implemented good corporate governance. They
     applied their professional skills, knowledge and experience in the areas of accounting, finance, law and investment
     and made sufficient contributions to the Company.

     All Directors and Board Committees have access to external legal counsel and other professionals for independent
     advice to better perform their duties at the Group’s expense if necessary. The Directors shall receive a comprehensive,
     formal and tailored induction on appointment, and subsequently any briefing and professional development necessary
     to ensure that they have a proper understanding of the Company’s operations and business and are fully aware of
     their responsibilities under statute and common law, the Listing Rules, legal and other regulatory requirements and the
     Company’s business and governance policies.

     During the Reporting Period, the Board had reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the mechanisms
     ensuring independent views and input available to the Board and is of the view that the mechanisms worked well to
     ensure that the Board had access to independent views and input.


     Directors’ Continuous Professional Development
     On appointment to the Board, each newly appointed Director has received training from professional lawyer covering
     the general, statutory and regulatory obligations of being a director of a listed company to ensure that he/she is
     sufficiently aware of his /her responsibilities under the Listing Rules and other relevant legal requirements.

     From time to time, the Directors are provided with written materials to develop and refresh their professional skills. The
     Company Secretary also organizes and arranges seminars on the latest development of the applicable laws, rules and
     regulations for the Directors to assist them in discharging their duties.

     According to the records maintained by the Company, the Directors received the following training with an emphasis
     on the roles, functions and duties of a director of a listed company in compliance with the CG Code on continuous
     professional development during the Reporting Period.




65   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                                                                                       (CONTINUED)




                                                               Corporate Governance/Updates on Laws, Rules
Directors
                                                                and Regulations/Updates on Industry Specific
                                                                  Written Materials     Briefings/Seminars
Executive Directors
Mr. Lam Kong                                                               √                           √
Ms. Chen Yanling                                                           √                           √

Non-executive Director
Mr. Chen Hongbing (Resigned with effect from 18 August 2025)               √                           √

Independent Directors
Mr. Leung Chong Shun                                                       √                           √
Ms. Luo Laura Ying                                                         √                           √
Mr. Fung Ching Simon                                                       √                           √


Committees
The Company has established the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee, the Nomination Committee and
the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee. The function of each of these committees is to study pertinent
issues in its area of expertise and to provide opinions and recommendations for consideration by the Board under its
own defined terms of reference.


Audit Committee
The Company established the Audit Committee in 2007. The Audit Committee comprises three independent non-
executive Directors, and is currently chaired by Mr. Fung Ching Simon, with Mr. Leung Chong Shun and Ms. Luo Laura
Ying as the committee members.

The primary duties of the Audit Committee are to provide the Directors with an independent review of the effectiveness
of the financial reporting process, internal control and risk management system of the Company, and to oversee the
audit process and to perform other duties and responsibilities as assigned by the Directors. The Audit Committee
also oversees the Company’s appointment of external auditors. The annual results announcement and annual report
for the year ended 31 December 2025 of the Company have been reviewed by the Audit Committee and approved
by the Board with recommendation of the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee meets at least twice a year with
the external auditors, at least one of which there is no executive Directors at present. The terms of reference of the
Audit Committee are posted on the Stock Exchange’s website (http://www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company’s website
(http://www.cms.net.cn).

For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Audit Committee held three meetings. At the meetings, the Audit
Committee reviewed the annual results for 2024, the interim results for 2025, the activities of the Group’s risk
management and internal control functions and also discussed and approved the arrangement of the annual
audit work and then proposed the recommendations to the Board. Below is the attendance rate of the committee
members:




                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         66
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     Committee Members                    Attendance Rate of the Meetings for the Year Ended 31 December 2025
     Mr. Fung Ching Simon (Chairman)                                       3/3
     Mr. Leung Chong Shun                                                  3/3
     Ms. Luo Laura Ying                                                    3/3


     Remuneration Committee
     The Company established a Remuneration Committee in 2007. The Remuneration Committee comprises three
     independent non-executive Directors, and is currently chaired by Mr. Leung Chong Shun, with Ms. Luo Laura Ying and
     Mr. Fung Ching Simon as the committee members.

     The primary duties of the Remuneration Committee include (but without limitation): (i) making recommendations to the
     Board on the policy and structure for remunerations of all Directors and senior management and on the establishment
     of a formal and transparent procedure for developing policies on such remuneration; (ii) determining the terms of the
     specific remuneration package of the Directors and senior management; (iii) approving the terms of Directors’ service
     contracts; and (iv) reviewing and approving performance-based remuneration (including share schemes, if any) by
     reference to corporate goals and objectives resolved by the Directors from time to time. The terms of reference of the
     Remuneration Committee are posted on the Stock Exchange’s website (http://www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company’s
     website (http://www.cms.net.cn).

     For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Remuneration Committee held one meeting. At the meeting, the
     Remuneration Committee reviewed and recommended adjusting remuneration of the Directors and senior
     management with reference to the industry standard, in light of the business advancement of the Group and according
     to their qualifications, experience and contributions, and considered that the proposed remunerations of whom were
     reasonable and appropriate. Below is the attendance rate of the committee members:


     Committee Members                    Attendance Rate of the Meetings for the Year ended 31 December 2025
     Mr. Leung Chong Shun (Chairman)                                            1/1
     Ms. Luo Laura Ying                                                         1/1
     Mr. Fung Ching Simon                                                       1/1


     Nomination Committee
     The Company established the Nomination Committee in 2007. The Nomination Committee comprises one executive
     Director and three independent non-executive Directors, and is currently chaired by Ms. Luo Laura Ying, with Mr. Lam
     Kong, Mr. Leung Chong Shun and Mr. Fung Ching Simon as the committee members.

     The primary duties of the Nomination Committee are to make recommendations to the Directors on all new
     appointments of Directors and senior management, interview nominees, and to take up references and to consider
     related matters. The terms of reference of the Nomination Committee are posted on the Stock Exchange’s website
     (http://www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company’s website (http://www.cms.net.cn).




67   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                                                                                            (CONTINUED)




For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Nomination Committee held one meeting. At the meeting, the Nomination
Committee reviewed the composition and structure of the Board in order to determine whether it is in compliance with
requirements under the relevant laws, regulations and rules and whether the diversity on the Board has been achieved
and maintained, considered and made recommendations to the Board on the re-appointment of the retiring Directors
at the 2024 annual general meeting, and also assessed whether the independent non-executive Directors had spent
enough time in fulfilling their duties and their independence. The Nomination Committee is of the view that the current
composition and structure of the Board comply with the applicable regulations and the Board is experienced and has
diversified perspectives and views. Below is the attendance rate of the committee members:


Committee Members                       Attendance Rate of the Meeting for the Year ended 31 December 2025
Ms. Luo Laura Ying (Chairman)                                           1/1
Mr. Lam Kong                                                            1/1
Mr. Leung Chong Shun                                                    1/1
Mr. Fung Ching Simon                                                    1/1


Policy for the Nomination of Directors
The Company has adopted the Policy for the Nomination of Directors (the “Nomination Policy”). During the Reporting
Period, the Nomination Committee had reviewed the Nomination Policy.

The Nomination Policy sets out the selection criteria and the nomination procedures of Directors.

The Nomination Committee is authorized to identify individuals suitably qualified to become Board members through
various ways and channels, including recommendation by Directors, engaging external agencies and any other way or
channel that the Nomination Committee considers appropriate. The Nomination Committee will request the candidates
to provide their biographies and other information that the Nomination Committee considers necessary, and will
comprehensively consider the factors including the character and integrity, the achievements and experience in the
industries involved in the business of the Group, other professional qualifications, diversity factors, the time devoted to
the affairs of the Board, the undertaking of the duties of the Board, and the independence requirement of independent
non-executive Directors under the Listing Rules to evaluate and select candidates. After considering the suitability of
a candidate to become a Director, the Nomination Committee will call a meeting and/or pass a written resolution to
recommend appointment of Director to the Board. The Board will make a final decision based on the recommendation
of the Nomination Committee. The Company may from time to time increase the number of Directors by ordinary
resolution at general meetings pursuant to Article 16.3 of the Articles of Association. Shareholders may also nominate
persons to be elected as Directors at general meetings pursuant to Article 16.4 of the Articles of Association.

The Nomination Committee and the Board shall, in accordance with the Listing Rules and Article 16.18 of the Articles
of Association, determine the candidates for re-election of Directors at the general meetings through the following
procedures: the Nomination Committee shall review the retiring Directors’ overall contribution and service to the
Company and their participation and performance in Board affairs, and take into account the Company’s strategy at
that time and the structure, size and composition of the Board, to consider the suitability of the retiring Directors to be
re-appointed. The Nomination Committee shall submit its recommendations to the Board for consideration based on
the above consideration. The Board shall, as appropriate, make recommendations to the shareholders that the retiring
Directors be re-elected at the general meetings.




                                                                               CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          68
                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     Board Diversity Policy and Gender Diversity
     The Company views the increasing diversity at the Board level as an essential element in supporting the attainment
     of its strategic objectives, maintaining competitive advantages and keeping sustainable development. Therefore, the
     Company has adopted a Board Diversity Policy (the “Board Diversity Policy”) to set out the approach to achieve and
     maintain diversity on the Board in order to enhance the effectiveness of the Board. Pursuant to the Board Diversity
     Policy, the Company seeks to achieve Board diversity through the consideration of a number of factors, including
     but not limited to professional skills, experience, culture and education background, ethnicity, gender, age, etc. In
     introducing its perspective on diversity, the Company will also take into account factors based on its own business
     model and specific needs from time to time. Ultimately, all Board appointments will be based on merit, and candidates
     will be considered against objective criteria, fully having due regard to the benefits diversity brings to the Board. The
     Board shall continue to maintain the gender diversity among the Board members. The Nomination Committee and
     the Board review the Board Diversity Policy and its implementation and effectiveness on a regular basis to ensure its
     continued effectiveness. During the Reporting Period, the Nomination Committee and the Board had reviewed the
     Board Diversity Policy and its implementation and effectiveness and considers it to be effective.
     As at the date of this Annual Report, the Board’s composition from a board diversity perspective is summarized as
     follows:


                                           Executive Directors                    Independent Non-executive Directors
          Designation
                                                    2                                             3
                                                  Male                                         Female
             Gender
                                                    3                                             2
                                             51-55 years old                               56-60 years old
           Age Group
                                                    1                                             4
                                2 years and below           3-4 years               5-9 years        10 years and above
       Length of Service
                                         0                      1                       2                      2
          Professional
                                                     Pharmaceuticals, Accounting, Investment, Law
          Background


     As at 31 December 2025, the Board consists of five members, including two female members. Female
     Board members represent 40% of the Board. The Board considers that it has achieved gender diversity. The
     Nomination Committee shall continue to consider and implement the Board Diversity Policy in future selection and
     recommendation of Board member candidates. The Board shall continue to introduce female members if it considers
     the candidates suitable with the ultimate goal of achieving gender parity within the Board.

     Female senior management members represent 31.25% of the senior management of the Company. Female middle-
     senior management members represent 42.03% of the middle-senior management of the Group. Female employees
     represent 56.18% of the employees of the Group. The Group wishes to keep the ratio of its female employees not
     lower than 50%.


     Environmental, Social and Governance Committee
     The Company established the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee in 2020. The Environmental, Social
     and Governance Committee comprises one executive Director and three independent non-executive Directors, and is
     currently chaired by Ms. Chen Yanling, with Mr. Leung Chong Shun, Mr. Fung Ching Simon and Ms. Luo Laura Ying as
     the committee members. Ms. Luo Laura Ying was appointed with effect from 16 March 2026


69   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                                                                                        (CONTINUED)




The primary duties of the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee are to comprehensively formulate and
review the administrative policies, strategies and structures of the Group’s environmental, social and governance;
to review environmental, social and governance-related policies, regulations and trends and provide decision-
making advice to the Board of Directors regarding the Group’s environmental, social and governance strategies and
operations; to ensure the Company to comply with requirements of applicable laws and regulations; to monitor and
supervise the formulation and implementation of the Group’s environmental, social and governance objectives; to
identify external environmental, social and governance trends, risks and opportunities; and to promote a positive
culture throughout the Group and actively incorporate environmental, social and governance considerations into
the business decision-making processes, etc. The terms of reference of the Environmental, Social and Governance
Committee are posted on the Stock Exchange’s website (http://www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company’s website
(http://www.cms.net.cn).

For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee held four meetings.
At the meetings, the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee reviewed the Group’s overall environmental,
social and governance (the “ESG”) performance, reviewed the implementation progress of the Group’s ESG
objectives, reported the important trends affecting the Group’s ESG strategies, assessed the impact of ESG risks and
opportunities on the Group, guided and reviewed the Group’s ESG materiality analysis, and reviewed and reported to
the Board the 2024 ESG Report of the Company. Below is the attendance rate of the committee members:


Committee Members                     Attendance Rate of the Meeting for the Year ended 31 December 2025
Ms. Chen Yanling (Chairman)                                           4/4
Mr. Leung Chong Shun                                                  4/4
Mr. Fung Ching Simon                                                  4/4


Corporate Governance Functions
No corporate governance committee has been established, and the Board is responsible for performing the corporate
governance functions such as developing and reviewing the Company’s policies and practices on corporate
governance, providing training and continuous professional development for Directors and senior management, and
ensuring the Company’s policies and practices are in compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, etc.


Auditor’s Remuneration
For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Company has appointed Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as our independent
external auditor to provide the annual performance auditing service, the remuneration for its auditing and non-auditing
service was HK$9.8 million and HK$3.1 million, respectively. The non-auditing services covered tax advisory service,
due diligence service and ESG related assurance service.




                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         70
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     Directors’ and Auditor’s Responsibilities for Accounts
     The Board acknowledges their responsibility for presenting a balanced, clear and understandable assessment of
     annual and interim reports, inside information announcements and other financial disclosures required under the
     Listing Rules and other regulatory requirements. The Directors confirm that they are responsible for the preparation
     of financial reports, and to give a true and fair view of the Company’s and the Group’s financial status and operating
     results for the year ended 31 December 2025. In preparing these financial statements, the Board has selected
     suitable accounting policies and applied them consistently; made judgments and estimates that are prudent, fair and
     reasonable; and have prepared the consolidated financial statements on a going concern basis.

     The responsibility of auditor is set out on pages 78 to 79 of the independent auditor’s report.


     Risk Management and Internal Controls
     The Group has established and designed appropriate policies and controls to ensure that assets are safeguarded
     against unauthorized use or disposal, relevant rules and regulations are adhered to and complied with, reliable financial
     and accounting records are maintained in accordance with relevant accounting standards and regulatory reporting
     requirements, and main risks that may impact on the Group’s performance are appropriately identified and managed.
     The systems and internal controls can only provide reasonable but not absolute assurance to prevent material
     misstatement or losses, as they are designed to manage, rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business
     objectives.

     The Board confirms its responsibility for supervising the Group’s risk management and internal control systems
     and reviewing their effectiveness at least annually through the Audit Committee. The Group’s finance department,
     compliance department, audit department, legal department and various operating departments are responsible for
     the implementation of risk management policies and routine risk management work. The Group’s Internal Audit and
     the Audit Committee assist the Board in the review of the effectiveness of the Group’s risk management and internal
     control systems on the basis of continuity. The Directors through these committees are kept regularly appraised of
     significant risks that may impact on the Group’s performance.

     The Group has a strict reporting system and specified the reporting channels, treatment procedure, whistleblower
     protection and other related issues in the CMS Anti-fraud Management Policy to ensure that all reporting can
     be properly handled. Regarding the procedure and internal control over handling and propagation of the inside
     information, the Group has adopted an Inside Information Management Policy which has been disseminated to all the
     staff. Based on the policy and in order to ensure that the inside information would be processed and propagated in
     compliance, the Group has established monitoring measures to ensure that the potential inside information could be
     promptly recognized, assessed and then provided to the Board for their decision that whether a disclosure is required.




71   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                                                                                         (CONTINUED)




The Audit Committee assists the Board in performing its supervision over the recourses and corporate governance
roles in the Group’s financial, operational, compliance, risk management, internal controls, internal audit, ESG
performance and reporting related functions by reviewing the working report from internal audit and external audit.
The risk management and internal controls of the Group are reviewed annually by the Board. During the Reporting
Period, the Group’s internal audit (“Internal Audit”) conducted selective reviews of the effectiveness of the systems of
risk management and internal controls of the Group in respect of financial, operational and compliance controls with
emphasis on control over business continuity, compliance risks and fraud risks. The Group’s Internal Audit reported
such results to the Audit Committee, which then reviewed and reported the same to the Board. The Audit Committee
and the Board were not aware of any areas of concern that would have a significant impact on the Group’s financial
position or results of operations and considered the risk management and internal control systems to be generally
adequate and effective with adequate resources, staff qualifications and experience, training programs for the staff and
budget for the accounting, internal audit, financial reporting and ESG performance and reporting functions, etc.

In addition to the review of risk management and internal controls executed within the Group, the external auditor
appointed by the Group also assessed the adequacy and effectiveness of certain main risk management and internal
controls as part of their regulatory audits. The external auditor’s related recommendation will be adopted under
appropriate circumstances to strengthen the risk management and internal controls.


Shareholders’ Rights
Convening an Extraordinary General Meeting
Pursuant to article 12.3 of the Articles of Association, any one or more shareholders holding at the date of deposit of
the requisition not less than one-tenth of the paid-up capital of the Company carrying the right of voting at general
meetings of the Company shall at all times has the right, by written requisition specifying the objects of the meeting
and signed by the requisitionists to the Company’s headquarters and principal place of business in Hong Kong at Unit
2106, 21/F, Island Place Tower, 510 King’s Road, North Point, Hong Kong to require an extraordinary general meeting
to be called by the Board for the transaction of any business specified in such requisition. The same requirement and
procedure also apply to any proposal to be tabled at shareholders’ meetings for adoption.

Shareholders’ Enquiries
Shareholders should direct their questions about their shareholdings to the Company’s branch share registrar,
Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited at Shops 1712-1716, 17/F, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road
East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong, or Singapore Share Transfer Agent, In.Corp Corporate Services Pte. Ltd. at 36 Robinson
Road, #20-01 City House, Singapore 068877. Shareholders and the investment community may at any time make a
request for the Company’s information to the extent that such information is publicly available. Shareholders may also
make enquiries to the Board by writing to the Company Secretary at the Company’s headquarters and principal place
of business in Hong Kong at Unit 2106, 21/F, Island Place Tower, 510 King’s Road, North Point, Hong Kong.




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         72
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     Articles of Association
     The fifth amended and restated memorandum and articles of association of the Company were adopted by special
     resolution at the AGM held on 24 April 2025 to, inter alia, (i) clarify that any shares repurchased by the Company may
     be cancelled or held as treasury shares; (ii) provide for the arrangements to submit proxy by electronic means; (iii) allow
     arrangements to be made in respect of voting using electronic means; (iv) remove the requirement of Shareholders’
     approval when dividends are distributed in the form of non-cash assets and (v) incorporate certain housekeeping
     changes.

     Save as disclosed, there were no changes made to the Articles of Association during the year ended 31 December
     2025.


     Communications with Shareholders and Investors
     The Group has always regarded sound investor relations as an important component of corporate governance. The
     Group proactively fulfills the information disclosure obligations of a listed company, and communicates the Company’s
     strategic progress and business developments to shareholders and investors around the world in an objective, timely
     and transparent manner through diversified communication channels, thereby effectively safeguarding investors’
     right to know and their rights and interests. Meanwhile, the Group attaches great importance to the opinions and
     suggestions from the capital market, and regards them as a key driving force for the continuous enhancement of its
     corporate governance.

     To continuously standardize and improve communications with shareholders and investors, the Group has formulated
     and implemented Investors (Shareholders Included) Communication Policy. During the Reporting Period, the Board
     has reviewed and examined the implementation and effectiveness of the above communication policy. After taking
     into consideration the various communication channels currently in place and the handling of investor enquiries as
     described below, the Group considers that the policy has been effective and properly implemented.

     The Group has established a multi-channel communication and interaction mechanism to maintain close
     communication and interaction with the capital market, and proactively solicits and promptly responds to the
     opinions of shareholders and investors: (i) holding Annual General Meetings and Extraordinary General Meetings to
     promote constructive communication between shareholders and the Board; (ii) publishing Annual Reports and Interim
     Reports on the Group’s official website and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange website, and proactively issuing various
     voluntary announcements to provide timely business updates; (iii) releasing news and updates on the Group’s official
     website, official WeChat public account and official accounts on various financial media platforms, so as to enhance
     information transparency through multi-channel dissemination of business updates; (iv) disclosing investor relations
     contact information on the Group’s official website and setting up an “Investor Interaction” section to collect valuable
     suggestions from investors and provide detailed responses to investor inquiries; (v) organizing interim and annual
     results announcement conferences; (vi) organizing and receiving investor visits, conference calls, etc.; and (vii) actively
     participating in various conferences organized by brokerage institutions, such as investment summits, roadshows
     and other events. During the Reporting Period, the Group’s management and investor relations team actively
     communicated with existing and potential investors, and received a total of about 2,000 representatives of domestic
     and overseas institutional investors and individual investors.




73   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                       CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                                                                                      (CONTINUED)




The Group’s sound internal governance, together with its persistent and proactive communication with shareholders
and investors, has been recognized by third-party institutions. During the Reporting Period, the Group was awarded
the “19th Crystal Ball Award for Shareholder Returns of Listed Companies”, the “Best Listed Company Award”, the
“Most Investment Value Award”, the “Top 100 Hong Kong Listed Companies-Annual Pharmaceutical and Healthcare
Innovation Pioneer”, the “Industry-Leading Pharmaceutical Enterprise”, and the “Most Investment Potential Company
Award”. In addition, the Group has been selected for the S&P Global Sustainability Yearbook (China Edition) for three
consecutive years, and was once again included in the global edition of the S&P Global Sustainability Yearbook in
February 2026.

Looking ahead, the Group will continue to optimize its investor relations management system, further enrich
communication channels and formats, and maintain sincere and efficient communication with domestic and overseas
investors. The Group will articulate its long-term development vision and investment value, strengthen investors’
understanding of and confidence in the Company, and build long-term, stable and mutually trusting relationships with
investors.




                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        74
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




     TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF
     CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     康哲藥業控股有限公司
     (incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


     Opinion

     We have audited the consolidated financial statements of China Medical System Holdings Limited (the “Company”)
     and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 80 to 178, which comprise the
     consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2025, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss
     and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash
     flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including material accounting policy
     information and other explanatory information.

     In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of
     the Group as at 31 December 2025, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows
     for the year then ended in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the International Accounting
     Standards Board (“IASB”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the
     Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


     Basis for Opinion

     We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the Hong Kong
     Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described
     in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are
     independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”),
     as applicable to audits of the financial statements of public interest entities, and we have also fulfilled our other ethical
     responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and
     appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


     Key Audit Matters

     Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the
     consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit
     of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a
     separate opinion on these matters.




75   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                              INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
                                                                                                             (CONTINUED)




TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF
CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED - continued
康哲藥業控股有限公司
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


Key Audit Matters - continued

  Key audit matter                                            How our audit addressed the key audit matter

 Impairment of Goodwill

  We identified the impairment of goodwill allocated          Our procedures in relation to the impairment of goodwill
  to the cash generating unit of Tianjin Kangzhe              included:
  Pharmaceutical Technology Development Co.,
  Ltd. (“Tianjin Kangzhe”) as a key audit matter due          •    Making inquiries with management on their bases
  to the involvement of significant judgment of the                and assumptions used in relation to the preparation
  management in determining the impairment of                      of the value in use calculation;
  goodwill.
                                                              •    Checking the mathematical accuracy of the value in
  The impairment of goodwill is determined based                   use calculation;
  on the higher of fair value less costs of disposal
  and value in use of the cash generating unit. The           •    Evaluating the reasonableness of the key
  recoverable amount has been determined based                     assumptions including growth rates, discount
  on value in use calculation, which is based on the               rate and the forecast performance used by the
  cash flow forecasts prepared by management.                      management with reference to the historical
  The impairment model is sensitive to changes                     performance;
  in the key assumptions including growth rates,
  discount rate and the forecast performance                  •    Checking the inputs used in the cash flow forecast
  based on management's view of future business                    against supporting documentation, on a sample
  prospects.                                                       basis;

  As at 31 December 2025, the carrying value of               •    Evaluating the sensitivity analysis prepared by the
  goodwill was RMB990,333,000. Details relating                    management on discount rate and growth rates
  to the Group's goodwill and key sources of                       to assess the extent of impact on the value in use
  estimation uncertainty are set out in Note 19 and                calculation;
  Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements,
  respectively.                                               •    Evaluating the independent professional external
                                                                   valuer’s competence, capabilities and objectivity; and

                                                              •    Involving our internal valuation specialists to assess
                                                                   the appropriateness of valuation methodology and
                                                                   discount rate adopted.




                                                                               CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        76
                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF
     CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED - continued
     康哲藥業控股有限公司
     (incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


     Other Information

     The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
     information included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s
     report thereon.

     Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any
     form of assurance conclusion thereon.

     In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information
     and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial
     statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the
     work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required
     to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


     Responsibilities of Directors and Those Charged with Governance for the Consolidated
     Financial Statements

     The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that
     give a true and fair view in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the IASB and the disclosure
     requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is
     necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement,
     whether due to fraud or error.

     In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
     continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
     basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic
     alternative but to do so.

     Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.




77   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                            INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
                                                                                                           (CONTINUED)




TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF
CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED - continued
康哲藥業控股有限公司
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We
do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable
assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit cond ucted in accordance with HKSAs will
always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered
material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of
users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional
skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

•   Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
    fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is
    sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement
    resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional
    omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

•   Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
    appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
    Group’s internal control.

•   Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
    related disclosures made by the directors.

•   Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on
    the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast
    significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty
    exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated
    financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based
    on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may
    cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.




                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          78
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF
     CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED - continued
     康哲藥業控股有限公司
     (incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


     Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements - continued

     •   Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
         disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events
         in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

     •   Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information
         of the entities or business units within the group as a basis for forming an opinion on the group financial
         statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed for purposes
         of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

     We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing
     of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during
     our audit.

     We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
     requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may
     reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or
     safeguards applied.

     From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most
     significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit
     matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about
     the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our
     report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest
     benefits of such communication.

     The engagement partner on the audit resulting in the independent auditor’s report is Sy, Sunnie (practising certificate
     number: P06034).




     Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
     Certified Public Accountants
     Hong Kong
     16 March 2026




79   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2025
            CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR
          LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




                                                                     NOTES               2025              2024
                                                                                      RMB’000           RMB’000

Revenue                                                                5              8,212,058         7,468,990
Cost of goods sold                                                                   (2,340,522)       (2,046,796)
Gross profit                                                                          5,871,536         5,422,194
Other income                                                           6                145,672           208,387
Other gains and losses                                                 7                156,907          (151,244)
Selling expenses                                                                     (2,842,252)       (2,661,648)
Administrative expenses                                                                (865,777)         (780,093)
Finance costs                                                          8                 (20,297)          (38,610)
Research and development expenses                                                      (585,023)         (329,982)
Share of results of associates                                                          238,790           338,548
Share of result of a joint venture                                                         3,505             2,755
Profit before tax                                                                    2,103,061         2,010,307
Income tax expense                                                    11              (659,784)         (397,227)
Profit for the year                                                   12             1,443,277         1,613,080
Other comprehensive income (expense)
Item that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
Fair value gain (loss) on investments in equity instruments at
  fair value through other comprehensive income                                        227,810            (34,110)
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to
  profit or loss:
Share of other comprehensive (expense) income of associates                              (6,568)            6,162
Exchange differences arising on translation of
  foreign operations                                                                     (8,284)            3,038
Exchange differences arising on translation of
  interests in associates                                                               15,664             (9,061)
Other comprehensive income (expense)
 for the year, net of income tax                                                       228,622            (33,971)
Total comprehensive income for the year                                              1,671,899         1,579,109
Profit (loss) for the year attributable to:
 Owners of the Company                                                               1,488,892         1,619,788
 Non-controlling interests                                                              (45,615)           (6,708)
                                                                                     1,443,277         1,613,080
Total comprehensive income (expense) for the year attributable to:
  Owners of the Company                                                              1,717,514         1,585,817
  Non-controlling interests                                                             (45,615)           (6,708)
                                                                                     1,671,899         1,579,109


                                                                                          RMB               RMB
Earnings per share                                                    14
 Basic                                                                                  0.6154            0.6673



                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED    80
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
     FINANCIAL POSITION
     AT 31 DECEMBER 2025



                                                              NOTES       2025         2024
                                                                       RMB’000      RMB’000
     Non-current assets
      Property, plant and equipment                            15        366,702      375,893
      Right-of-use assets                                      16         79,388       72,197
      Interests in associates                                 17(a)    3,509,594    3,389,827
      Interest in a joint venture                             17(b)      172,308      181,804
      Intangible assets                                        18      2,213,765    2,301,346
      Goodwill                                                 19      1,511,261    1,547,903
      Equity instruments at fair value through
        other comprehensive income                            20(b)      357,593      129,783
      Deposits paid for acquisition of intangible assets       23      1,480,664    1,189,256
      Amounts due from associates                              24         30,000       30,000
      Deferred tax assets                                      30         58,795       52,693
      Loan receivable                                                    120,216       72,227
                                                                       9,900,286    9,342,929
     Current assets
      Inventories                                              21        803,958      768,139
      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss   20(a)    3,084,902    2,160,097
      Trade and other receivables and prepayments              22      2,258,566    1,780,483
      Tax recoverable                                                      1,270        5,553
      Amounts due from associates                              24        448,493      284,088
      Bank balances and cash                                   25      2,701,380    3,706,501
                                                                       9,298,569    8,704,861
     Current liabilities
      Trade and other payables                                 26       495,716      484,797
      Lease liabilities                                        27        16,597       16,933
      Contract liabilities                                     28        12,133       16,610
      Bank borrowings                                          29       651,815      831,300
      Tax liabilities                                                   292,962      166,423
                                                                       1,469,223    1,516,063
     Net current assets                                                7,829,346    7,188,798
     Total assets less current liabilities                            17,729,632   16,531,727




81   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                                 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                            AT 31 DECEMBER 2025




                                                               NOTES                2025                2024
                                                                                 RMB’000             RMB’000
Capital and reserves
 Share capital                                                   31                83,564              83,564
 Reserves                                                        32            17,312,174          16,227,905
Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                   17,395,738          16,311,469
Non-controlling interests                                                         147,025              91,639
                                                                               17,542,763          16,403,108

Non-current liabilities
 Deferred tax liabilities                                        30               165,202             116,109
 Lease liabilities                                               27                21,667              12,510
                                                                                  186,869             128,619
                                                                               17,729,632          16,531,727


The consolidated financial statements on pages 80 to 178 were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of
Directors on 16 March 2026 and are signed on its behalf by:




                    _____________________________               ____________________________
                             LAM Kong                                   CHEN Yanling
                             DIRECTOR                                    DIRECTOR




                                                                       CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED      82
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
     CHANGES IN EQUITY
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



                                                                                                   Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                                                                                                                             Attributable
                                                                                                     Surplus             Investments                                                           to non-
                                                              Share       Share         Capital      reserve Translation revaluation Accumulated Dividend           Treasury                 controlling
                                                              capital    premium        reserve        fund    reserve     reserve      profits  reserve             Stock         Sub-total interests         Total
                                                             RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000 RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000   RMB’000            RMB’000        RMB’000    RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                                       (Note 32)    (Note 32)

     Balance at 1 January 2024                                 83,991    2,105,621       19,545      425,635     65,052      (371,956)   13,000,329     191,991                - 15,520,208       36,199 15,556,407

     Profit (loss) for the year                                     -              -           -           -          -             -     1,619,788            -               -   1,619,788       (6,708)    1,613,080
     Share of other comprehensive income of associates              -              -           -           -      6,162             -             -            -               -       6,162            -         6,162
     Exchange differences arising on translation of
      foreign operations                                            -              -           -           -      3,038             -              -           -               -       3,038             -        3,038
     Exchange differences arising on translation of
      interests in associates                                       -              -           -           -     (9,061)            -              -           -               -       (9,061)           -        (9,061)
     Fair value loss on investments in equity instruments
      at fair value through other comprehensive income              -              -           -           -           -      (34,110)             -           -               -      (34,110)           -      (34,110)

     Total comprehensive income (expense) for the year              -              -           -           -        139       (34,110)    1,619,788            -               -   1,585,817       (6,708)    1,579,109
     Repurchase of ordinary shares in treasury stock
      (Note 31)                                                     -            -             -           -           -            -              -           -     (238,394)      (238,394)          -       (238,394)
     Cancellation of ordinary shares (Note 31)                   (427)     (80,020)            -           -           -            -              -           -       80,447              -           -              -
     Capital contribution from non-controlling interests            -            -             -           -           -            -              -           -            -              -      62,148         62,148
     Dividends paid (Note 13)                                       -            -             -           -           -            -      (364,171)    (191,991)           -       (556,162)          -       (556,162)
     Dividends proposed (Note 13)                                   -            -             -           -           -            -      (283,700)     283,700            -              -           -              -
     Transfer of reserves                                           -            -             -      13,237           -            -        (13,237)          -            -              -           -              -

     Balance at 31 December 2024                               83,564    2,025,601       19,545      438,872     65,191      (406,066)   13,959,009     283,700      (157,947) 16,311,469          91,639 16,403,108
     Profit (loss) for the year                                     -            -            -            -           -            -     1,488,892           -             - 1,488,892           (45,615) 1,443,277
     Share of other comprehensive expense of associates             -            -            -            -      (6,568)           -             -           -             -       (6,568)             -      (6,568)
     Exchange differences arising on translation of
      foreign operations                                            -              -           -           -     (8,284)            -              -           -               -       (8,284)           -        (8,284)
     Exchange differences arising on translation of
      interests in associates                                       -              -           -           -     15,664             -              -           -               -      15,664             -       15,664
     Fair value gain on investments in equity instruments
      at fair value through other comprehensive income              -              -           -           -           -     227,810               -           -               -     227,810             -     227,810

     Total comprehensive income (expense) for the year              -           -              -           -        812      227,810      1,488,892            -            -      1,717,514      (45,615)    1,671,899
     Distribution of treasury stock to employees (Note 31)          -          24              -           -          -            -               -           -       27,286         27,310             -       27,310
     Capital contribution from non-controlling interests            -           -              -           -          -            -               -           -            -              -     108,362        108,362
     Dividends paid (Note 13)                                       -           -              -           -          -            -       (376,855)    (283,700)           -       (660,555)            -     (660,555)
     Dividends proposed (Note 13)                                   -           -              -           -          -            -       (330,641)     330,641            -              -             -             -
     Disposal of a subsidiary( Note 40)                             -           -              -           -          -            -               -           -            -              -        (7,361)       (7,361)
     Transfer of reserves                                           -           -              -       1,684          -            -          (1,684)          -            -              -             -             -

     Balance at 31 December 2025                              83,564 2,025,625          19,545      440,556     66,003      (178,256) 14,738,721        330,641     (130,661) 17,395,738         147,025 17,542,763




83   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                                                      CASH FLOWS
                                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025


                                                             NOTES               2025              2024
                                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000
OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Profit before tax                                                            2,103,061         2,010,307
Adjustments for:
 Amortisation of intangible assets                            18               199,101           184,983
 Impairment loss on interest in an associate                                    20,000           100,000
 Write-down of inventories                                                      20,000                 -
 Impairment loss recognised (reversed) on financial assets
   under expected credit loss model, net of reversal                             1,723               (499)
 Impairment loss on deposit paid for acquisition
    of intangible assets                                                        31,740             1,152
 Interest expenses                                                              20,297            38,610
 Share-based payment expense                                  39                27,310                 -
 Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                15                47,236            50,755
 Depreciation of right-of-use assets                          16                20,591            23,500
 Loss (gain) on disposal of property, plant and
   equipment                                                                         867              (500)
 Share of results of associates                                               (238,790)          (338,548)
 Share of result of a joint venture                                               (3,505)           (2,755)
 Interest income                                                                (82,348)         (126,344)
 Dividends from financial assets at fair
   value through profit or loss                                                 (32,068)           (1,716)
 Net foreign exchange loss                                                        5,110             4,500
 Change in fair value of derivative financial
   instruments                                                                         -          (17,227)
 Change in fair value of financial assets at fair
   value through profit or loss                                               (230,987)             9,025
 Gain on disposal of a subsidiary                                               (19,594)                -

Operating cash flows before movements in
  working capital                                                            1,889,744         1,935,243
Increase in inventories                                                         (55,905)        (130,503)
Increase in trade and other receivables
  and prepayments                                                             (446,763)          (173,422)
(Increase) decrease in amounts due from associates                            (164,405)           124,079
Increase in trade and other payables                                            22,768             47,821
(Decrease) increase in contract liabilities                                      (4,477)            3,877




                                                                     CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED    84
                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
     (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




                                                           NOTE      2025           2024
                                                                  RMB’000        RMB’000

     Cash generated from operations                               1,240,962      1,807,095
     People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”) Enterprise
       Income Tax paid                                             (427,426)      (386,506)
     Hong Kong Profits Tax paid                                        (1,301)      (79,100)
     Macau Complementary Income Tax paid                             (40,356)       (72,942)
     Income tax payments in other countries                          (13,458)             -
     Net cash from operating activities                            758,421       1,268,547
     INVESTING ACTIVITIES
     Interest received                                              82,348        126,344
     Dividend received from an associate                           225,276        184,691
     Dividend received from a joint venture                         13,001              -
     Dividends received from financial assets at fair
        value through profit or loss                                 32,068          1,716
     Purchase of property, plant and equipment                      (41,037)       (32,619)
     Proceeds from disposal of property, plant
        and equipment                                                 1,369          4,087
     Disposal of financial assets at fair
        value through profit or loss                                14,478           6,007
     Purchase of financial assets at fair
        value through profit or loss                               (708,296)      (342,871)
     Purchase of intangible assets                                          -     (114,674)
     Proceeds on disposal of an interest in an associate               8,008              -
     Deposits paid for acquisition of intangible assets            (473,374)      (308,615)
     Capital injection to associates                               (125,165)        (66,935)
     Net cash inflow on disposal of a subsidiary            40        34,991              -
     Loan to third parties                                           (47,989)       (72,227)
     NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES                         (984,322)      (615,096)




85   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                                  (CONTINUED)
                                                                                             AT 31 DECEMBER 2025




                                                                NOTE               2025                  2024
                                                                                RMB’000               RMB’000

FINANCING ACTIVITIES
New bank borrowings raised                                                       682,515                831,300
Repayment for deferred consideration payable                                            -                  (1,000)
Interest paid                                                                     (20,297)               (38,610)
Dividends paid                                                   13             (660,555)              (556,162)
Repayment of bank borrowings                                                    (862,000)            (1,274,150)
Repayments of lease liabilities                                                   (18,961)               (22,217)
Payment on repurchase of shares                                                         -              (238,394)
Capital contribution from non-controlling interests                              108,362                  38,187
NET CASH USED IN FINANCING ACTIVITIES                                           (770,936)            (1,261,046)
NET DECREASE IN CASH AND
 CASH EQUIVALENTS                                                               (996,837)              (607,595)

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENT AT THE
 BEGINNING OF YEAR                                                             3,706,501             4,311,058
Effects of exchange rate changes on the balance
 of cash held in foreign currencies                                                (8,284)                3,038
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENT AT THE END
 OF YEAR REPRESENTED BY BANK
 BALANCES AND CASH                                                             2,701,380             3,706,501




                                                                       CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         86
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025


     1.    GENERAL INFORMATION
           China Medical System Holdings Limited (the “Company”) was incorporated as an exempted company with
           limited liability in the Cayman Islands on 18 December 2006. On 26 June 2007, the Company was listed on the
           Alternative Investment Market (“AIM”) operated by the London Stock Exchange plc. The Company was listed
           on the Main Board operated by The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited on 28 September 2010 and it was
           delisted from the AIM on the same date. The Company’s ultimate holding company and immediate holding
           company is Treasure Sea Limited, a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands. The address of the
           Company’s registered office is P.O. Box 309, Ugland House, Grand Cayman, KY1-1104, Cayman Islands. The
           address of its principal place of business is Unit 2106, 21/F, Island Place Tower, 510 King’s Road, North Point,
           Hong Kong. The Company has successfully listed its ordinary shares on the Singapore Exchange Securities
           Trading Limited on 15 July 2025.

           The Company is an investment holding company. The principal activities of its subsidiaries are research and
           development, production, promotion and sale of medicines.

           The consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), which is also the functional currency
           of the Company and majority of its subsidiaries.


     2.    APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO IFRS ACCOUNTING
           STANDARDS
           Amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards that are mandatorily effective for the
           current year

           In the current year, the Group has applied the following amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards for the first
           time, which are mandatorily effective for the annual periods beginning on 1 January 2025 for the preparation of
           the consolidated financial statements:

           Amendments to IAS 21        Lack of Exchangeability

           The application of the amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards in the current year has had no material
           impact on the Group’s financial positions and performance for the current and prior years and/or on the
           disclosures set out in these consolidated financial statements.




87   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




2.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO IFRS ACCOUNTING
     STANDARDS - continued
     New and amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards in issue but not yet effective

     The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to IFRS Accounting standards that have
     been issued but are not yet effective:

     Amendments to IAS 21                                           Translation to a Hyperinflationary Presentation
                                                                     Currency3
     Amendments to IFRS 9                                           Amendments to the Classification and Measurement
      and IFRS 7                                                     of Financial Instruments2
     Amendments to IFRS 9                                           Contracts Referencing Nature - dependent Electricity2
      and IFRS 7
     Amendments to IFRS 10                                          Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor
      and IAS 28                                                     and its Associate or Joint Venture1
     Amendments to IFRS                                             Annual Improvements to IFRS Accounting Standards
      Accounting Standards                                           - Volume 112
     IFRS 18                                                        Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements3

     1
       Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.
     2
       Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2026.
     3
       Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027.


     Except for the new IFRS Accounting Standards mentioned below, the directors of the Company anticipate
     that the application of all other amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards will have no material impact on the
     consolidated financial statements in the foreseeable future.


     IFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements

     IFRS 18, which sets out requirements on presentation and disclosures in financial statements, will replace IAS
     1 Presentation of Financial Statements . This new IFRS Accounting Standard, while carrying forward many of
     the requirements in IAS 1, introduces new requirements to present specified categories and defined subtotals
     in the statement of profit or loss; provide disclosures on management-defined performance measures in the
     notes to the financial statements and improve aggregation and disaggregation of information to be disclosed
     in the financial statements. In addition, some IAS 1 paragraphs have been moved to IAS 8 and IFRS 7. Minor
     amendments to IAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows and IAS 33 Earnings per Share are also made.

     IFRS 18, and amendments to other standards, will be effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1
     January 2027, with early application permitted. IFRS 18 requires retrospective application with specific transition
     provisions. The application of the new standard is expected to affect the presentation of the statement of profit
     or loss and disclosures in the future financial statements. The Group is in the process of assessing the detailed
     impact of IFRS 18 on the Group’s consolidated financial statements.



                                                                                     CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED     88
                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




     3.    B A S I S O F P R E PA R AT I O N O F C O N S O L I D AT E D F I N A N C I A L
           STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           3.1      Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements

                     The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting
                     Standards issued by International Accounting Standards Board. For the purpose of preparation
                     of the consolidated financial statements, information is considered material if such information is
                     reasonably expected to influence decisions made by primary users. In addition, the consolidated
                     financial statements include applicable disclosures required by the Rules Governing the Listing of
                     Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“Listing Rules”) and by the Hong Kong
                     Companies Ordinance.

           3.2      Material accounting policy information

                     Basis of consolidation

                     The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and
                     entities controlled by the Company and its subsidiaries. Control is achieved when the Company:

                     •   has power over the investee;

                     •   is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and
                     •   has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.

                     The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that
                     there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.

                     Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases
                     when the Group loses control of the subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses of a subsidiary
                     acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss
                     and other comprehensive income from the date the Group gains control until the date when the
                     Group ceases to control the subsidiary.

                     Profit or loss and each item of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the
                     Company and to the non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income of subsidiaries is
                     attributed to the owners of the Company and to the non-controlling interests even if this results in
                     the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance.

                     When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their
                     accounting policies in line with the Group’s accounting policies.

                     All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions
                     between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

                     Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are presented separately from the Group’s equity therein,
                     which represent present ownership interests entitling their holders to a proportionate share of net
                     assets of the relevant subsidiaries upon liquidation.




89   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                  (CONTINUED)
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION - continued
     3.2   Material accounting policy information - continued

           Basis of consolidation - continued

           Changes in the Group’s interests in existing subsidiaries

           Changes in the Group’s interests in subsidiaries that do not result in the Group losing control over
           the subsidiaries are accounted for as equity transactions. The carrying amounts of the Group’s
           relevant components of equity and the non-controlling interests are adjusted to reflect the changes
           in their relative interests in the subsidiaries.

           Any difference between the amount by which the non-controlling interests are adjusted, and the fair
           value of the consideration paid or received is recognised directly in equity and attributed to owners
           of the Company.

           Goodwill

           Goodwill arising on an acquisition of a business is carried at cost as established at the date of
           acquisition of the business less accumulated impairment losses, if any.

           For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group’s cash-
           generating units (or group of cash-generating units) that is expected to benefit from the synergies
           of the combination, which represent the lowest level at which the goodwill is monitored for internal
           management purposes and not larger than an operating segment.

           A cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) to which goodwill has been allocated
           is tested for impairment annually or more frequently when there is indication that the unit may be
           impaired. For goodwill arising on an acquisition in an annual period, the cash-generating unit (or
           group of cash-generating units) to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment
           before the end of that annual period. If the recoverable amount is less than its carrying amount, the
           impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill and then to the other
           assets on a pro rata basis based on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit (or group of cash-
           generating units).

           The Group’s policy for goodwill arising on the acquisition of an associate is described below.




                                                                      CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         90
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




     3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION - continued
           3.2      Material accounting policy information - continued

                     Interests in associates and a joint venture

                     An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence. Significant influence is the
                     power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but is not control
                     or joint control over those policies.

                     A joint venture is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement
                     have rights to the net assets of the joint arrangement. Joint control is the contractually agreed
                     sharing of control of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities
                     require unanimous consent of the parties sharing control.

                     The results and assets and liabilities of associates and a joint venture are incorporated in these
                     consolidated financial statements using the equity method of accounting. The financial statements
                     of associates and a joint venture used for equity accounting purposes are prepared using uniform
                     accounting policies as those of the Group for like transactions and events in similar circumstances.
                     Under the equity method, an investment in an associate or a joint venture is initially recognised in
                     the consolidated statement of financial position at cost and adjusted thereafter to recognise the
                     Group’s share of the profit or loss and other comprehensive income of the associate or joint venture.
                     Changes in net assets of the associate other than profit or loss and other comprehensive income
                     are not accounted for unless such changes resulted in changes in ownership interest held by the
                     Group. When the Group’s share of losses of an associate or a joint venture exceeds the Group’s
                     interest in that associate or joint venture (which includes any long-term interests that, in substance,
                     form part of the Group’s net investment in the associate or joint venture), the Group discontinues
                     recognising its share of further losses. Additional losses are provided for, and a liability is recognised
                     only to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive obligations or made payments
                     on behalf of the associate or joint venture.

                     An interest in an associate or a joint venture is accounted for using the equity method from the date
                     on which the investee becomes an associate or a joint venture. On acquisition of the interest in an
                     associate or a joint venture, any excess of the cost of the investment over the Group’s share of the
                     net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities of the investee is recognised as goodwill, which
                     is included within the carrying amount of the investment. Any excess of the Group’s share of the net
                     fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities over the cost of the investment, after reassessment,
                     is recognised immediately in profit or loss in the period in which the investment is acquired.




91   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                  (CONTINUED)
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION - continued
     3.2   Material accounting policy information - continued

           Interests in associates and a joint venture - continued

           The Group assesses whether there is an objective evidence that the interest in an associate or a
           joint venture may be impaired. When any objective evidence exists, the entire carrying amount of
           the investment (including goodwill) is tested for impairment in accordance with IAS 36 Impairment of
           Assets as a single asset by comparing its recoverable amount (higher of value in use and fair value
           less costs of disposal) with its carrying amount. Any impairment loss recognised is not allocated to
           any asset, including goodwill, that forms part of the carrying amount of the investment. Any reversal
           of that impairment loss is recognised in accordance with IAS 36 to the extent that the recoverable
           amount of the investment subsequently increases.

           When a group entity transacts with an associate or a joint venture of the Group, profits and losses
           resulting from the transactions with the associate or joint venture are recognised in the consolidated
           financial statements only to the extent of interests in the associate or joint venture that are not
           related to the Group.

           Revenue from contracts with customers

           Information about the Group’s accounting policies relating to contracts with customers is provided in
           Note 5.

           Property, plant and equipment

           Property, plant and equipment including buildings are tangible assets that are held for use in the
           production or supply of goods or services, or for administrative purposes (other than construction
           in progress as described below). Property, plant and equipment are stated in the consolidated
           statement of financial position at cost, less subsequent accumulated depreciation and subsequent
           accumulated impairment losses, if any.

           Properties in the course of construction for production, supply or administrative purposes are
           carried at cost, less any recognised impairment loss. Costs include any costs directly attributable
           to bringing the asset to the location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in
           the manner intended by management, including costs of testing whether the related assets is
           functioning properly. Sale proceeds of items that are produced while bringing an item of property,
           plant and equipment to the location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in
           the manner intended by management (such as samples produced when testing whether the asset
           is functioning properly), and the related costs of producing those items are recognised in the profit
           or loss. The cost of those items are measured in accordance with the measurement requirements
           of IAS 2 Inventories. Depreciation of these assets, on the same basis as other property assets,


                                                                      CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         92
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




                     commences when the assets are ready for their intended use.

     3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION - continued
           3.2      Material accounting policy information - continued

                     Property, plant and equipment - continued

                     When the Group makes payments for ownership interests of properties which includes both
                     leasehold land and building elements, the entire consideration is allocated between the leasehold
                     land and the building elements in proportion to the relative fair values at initial recognition. To the
                     extent the allocation of the relevant payments can be made reliably, interest in leasehold land is
                     presented as “right-of-use assets” in the consolidated statement of financial position. When the
                     consideration cannot be allocated reliably between non-lease building element and undivided
                     interest in the underlying leasehold land, the entire properties are classified as property, plant and
                     equipment.

                     Depreciation is recognised so as to write off the cost of assets (other than construction in progress)
                     less their residual values over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line method. The
                     estimated useful lives, residual values and depreciation method are reviewed at the end of each
                     reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.

                     An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future
                     economic benefits are expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss
                     arising on the disposal or retirement of an item of property, plant and equipment is determined as
                     the difference between the sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and is recognised
                     in profit or loss.

                     Intangible assets


                     Intangible assets acquired separately

                     Intangible assets with finite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at costs less
                     accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses. Amortisation for intangible assets
                     with finite useful lives is recognised on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. The
                     estimated useful life and amortisation method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with
                     the effect of any changes in estimate being accounted for on a prospective basis.


                     Internally-generated intangible assets -research and development expenditure

                     Expenditure on research activities is recognised as an expense in the period in which it is incurred.




93   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     (CONTINUED)
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION - continued
     3.2   Material accounting policy information - continued

           Intangible assets - continued

           Internally-generated intangible assets -research and development expenditure - continued

           An internally-generated intangible asset arising from development activities (or from the development
           phase of an internal project) is recognised if, and only if, all of the following have been demonstrated:

           •   the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or
               sale;
           •   the intention to complete the intangible asset and use or sell it;
           •   the ability to use or sell the intangible asset;
           •   how the intangible asset will generate probable future economic benefits;
           •   the availability of adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development
               and to use or sell the intangible asset; and
           •   the ability to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during its
               development.

           The amount initially recognised for internally-generated intangible asset is the sum of the expenditure
           incurred from the date when the intangible asset first meets the recognition criteria listed above.
           Where no internally-generated intangible asset can be recognised, development expenditure is
           recognised in profit or loss in the period in which it is incurred.

           Subsequent to initial recognition, internally-generated intangible assets are reported at cost less
           accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses (if any), on the same basis as
           intangible assets that are acquired separately.

           Intangible assets acquired in a business combination

           Intangible assets acquired in a business combination and recognised separately from goodwill and
           are initially recognised at their fair value at the acquisition date (which is regarded as their cost).

           Subsequent to initial recognition, intangible assets acquired in a business combination with finite
           useful lives are reported at costs less accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment
           losses, on the same basis as intangible assets that are acquired separately.

           An intangible asset is derecognised on disposal, or when no future economic benefits are expected
           from use or disposal. Gains and losses arising from derecognition of an intangible asset, measured
           as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset, are
           recognised in profit or loss when the asset is derecognised.


                                                                       CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           94
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




     3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION - continued
           3.2      Material accounting policy information - continued

                     Impairment on property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets, deposits paid for acquisition of
                     intangible assets and intangible assets other than goodwill

                     At the end of each reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its property, plant
                     and equipment, right-of-use assets, deposits paid for acquisition of intangible assets and intangible
                     assets with finite useful lives to determine whether there is any indication that these assets have
                     suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the relevant
                     asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss (if any).

                     The recoverable amount of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets, deposits paid for
                     acquisition of intangible assets and intangible assets are estimated individually. When it is not
                     possible to estimate the recoverable amount individually, the Group estimates the recoverable
                     amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.

                     In testing a cash-generating unit for impairment, corporate assets are allocated to the relevant cash-
                     generating unit when a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be established, or otherwise
                     they are allocated to the smallest group of cash generating units for which a reasonable and consistent
                     allocation basis can be established. The recoverable amount is determined for the cash-generating
                     unit or group of cash-generating units to which the corporate asset belongs, and is compared with the
                     carrying amount of the relevant cash-generating unit or group of cash-generating units.

                     Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In assessing value
                     in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount
                     rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the
                     asset (or a cash-generating unit) for which the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.

                     If the recoverable amount of an asset (or a cash-generating unit) is estimated to be less than its
                     carrying amount, the carrying amount of the asset (or the cash-generating unit) is reduced to its
                     recoverable amount. For corporate assets or portion of corporate assets which cannot be allocated
                     on a reasonable and consistent basis to a cash-generating unit, the Group compares the carrying
                     amount of a group of cash-generating units, including the carrying amounts of the corporate assets
                     or portion of corporate assets allocated to that group of cash-generating units, with the recoverable
                     amount of the group of cash-generating units. In allocating the impairment loss, the impairment loss
                     is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill (if applicable) and then to the other
                     assets on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit or the group of
                     cash-generating units. The carrying amount of an asset is not reduced below the highest of its fair
                     value less costs of disposal (if measurable), its value in use (if determinable) and zero. The amount
                     of the impairment loss that would otherwise have been allocated to the asset is allocated pro rata to
                     the other assets of the unit or the group of cash-generating units. An impairment loss is recognised
                     immediately in profit or loss.

95   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                 (CONTINUED)
                                                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION - continued
     3.2   Material accounting policy information - continued

           Impairment on property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets, deposits paid for acquisition of
           intangible assets and intangible assets other than goodwill - continued

           Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or cash-
           generating unit or a group of cash-generating units) is increased to the revised estimate of its
           recoverable amount, but so that the increased carrying amount does not exceed the carrying
           amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset
           (or a cash-generating unit or a group of cash-generating units) in prior years. A reversal of an
           impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

           Cash and cash equivalents

           Cash and cash equivalents presented on the consolidated statement of financial position include:

           (a)     cash, which comprises of cash on hand and demand deposits; and

           (b)     cash equivalents, which comprises of short-term (generally with original maturity of three
                   months or less), highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to a known amount of
                   cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value. Cash equivalents are
                   held for the purpose of meeting short-term cash commitments rather than for investment or
                   other purposes.

           Inventories

           Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Costs of inventories are
           determined on a weighted average method. Net realisable value represents the estimated selling
           price for inventories less all estimated costs of completion and costs necessary to make the sale.
           Costs necessary to make the sale include incremental costs directly attributable to the sale and non-
           incremental costs which the Group must incur to make the sale, including costs to be incurred in
           marketing, selling and distribution.

           Financial instruments

           Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when a group entity becomes a party to the
           contractual provisions of the instruments.




                                                                     CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         96
                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




     3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION - continued
           3.2      Material accounting policy information - continued

                     Financial instruments - continued

                     Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value, except for the trade
                     receivables arising from contracts with customers which are initially measured in accordance with
                     IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. Transaction costs that are directly attributable
                     to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than financial assets or
                     financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss ("FVTPL")) are added to or deducted from the fair
                     value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction
                     costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at FVTPL are
                     recognised immediately in profit or loss.

                     The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or
                     financial liability and of allocating interest income and interest expense over the relevant period. The
                     effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts and payments
                     (including all fees and points paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate,
                     transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) through the expected life of the financial asset or
                     financial liability, or, where appropriate, a shorter period, to the net carrying amount on initial recognition.

                     Financial assets

                     All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised and derecognised on a trade date
                     basis. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery
                     of assets within the time frame established by regulation or convention in the market place concerned.

                     All recognised financial assets are measured subsequently in their entirety at either amortised cost
                     or fair value, depending on the classification of the financial assets.

                     Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets

                     Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:

                     •   the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash
                         flows; and
                     •   the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of
                         principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

                     Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at fair value through
                     other comprehensive income ("FVTOCI"):

                     •   the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both
                         collecting contractual cash flows and selling the financial assets; and
                     •   the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of
                         principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.



97   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    (CONTINUED)
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION - continued
     3.2   Material accounting policy information - continued

           Financial instruments - continued

           Financial assets - continued

           Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets - continued

           All other financial assets are subsequently measured at FVTPL, except that at initial recognition of
           a financial asset the Group may irrevocably elect to present subsequent changes in fair value of
           an equity investment in other comprehensive income if that equity investment is not a contingent
           consideration recognised by an acquirer in a business combination to which IFRS 3 Business
           Combinations applies, and except derivative designated in a qualifying hedging relationship.

           In addition, the Group may irrevocably designate financial assets that are required to be measured at
           the amortised cost or FVTOCI as measured at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces
           an accounting mismatch.

           (i)    Amortised cost and interest income

                  Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method for financial assets
                  measured subsequently at amortised cost and debt instruments/receivables subsequently
                  measured at FVTOCI. Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest
                  rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset, except for financial assets that
                  have subsequently become credit-impaired (see below). For financial assets that have
                  subsequently become credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective
                  interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset from the next reporting period. If the
                  credit risk on the credit- impaired financial instrument improves so that the financial asset is
                  no longer credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate
                  to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset from the beginning of the reporting period
                  following the determination that the asset is no longer credit-impaired.

           (ii)   Equity instruments designated as at FVTOCI

                  Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI are subsequently measured at fair value with
                  gains and losses arising from changes in fair value recognised in other comprehensive
                  income and accumulated in the investments revaluation reserve; and are not subject to
                  impairment assessment. The cumulative gain or loss will not be reclassified to profit or loss
                  on disposal of the equity investments, and will be transferred to accumulated profits.

                  Dividends from these investments in equity instruments are recognised in profit or loss
                  when the Group's right to receive the dividends is established, unless the dividends clearly
                  represent a recovery of part of the cost of the investment.


                                                                       CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          98
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




     3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION - continued
           3.2      Material accounting policy information - continued

                     Financial instruments - continued

                     Financial assets - continued

                     Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets - continued

                     (iii)   Financial assets at FVTPL

                             Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost or
                             FVTOCI or designated as FVTOCI are measured at FVTPL.

                             Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period, with
                             any fair value gains or losses recognised in profit or loss. The net gain or loss recognised in
                             profit or loss exclude any dividend or interest earned on the financial assets and is included in
                             the "other gains and losses" line item.

                     Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9

                     The Group performs impairment assessment under expected credit loss ("ECL") model on financial
                     assets (including trade and other receivables, loan receivable, amounts due from associates and
                     bank balances) which are subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9. The amount of ECL is
                     updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition.

                     Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the expected
                     life of the relevant instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL ("12m ECL") represents the portion
                     of lifetime ECL that is expected to result from default events that are possible within 12 months
                     after the reporting date. Assessment are done based on the Group's historical credit loss
                     experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and
                     an assessment of both the current conditions at the reporting date as well as the forecast of future
                     conditions.

                     The Group always recognises lifetime ECL for trade receivables.

                     For all other instruments, the Group measures the loss allowance equal to 12m ECL, unless when
                     there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, in which case the Group
                     recognises lifetime ECL. The assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be recognised is based on
                     significant increases in the likelihood or risk of a default occurring since initial recognition.




99   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                      (CONTINUED)
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION - continued
     3.2   Material accounting policy information - continued

           Financial instruments - continued

           Financial assets - continued

           Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9 - continued

           (i)   Significant increase in credit risk

                 In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group
                 compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with
                 the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition. In
                 making this assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information that
                 is reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking information
                 that is available without undue cost or effort. Forward-looking information consideration includes
                 the future prospects of the industries in which the Group's debtors operate, obtained from
                 economic expert reports, as well as consideration of various external sources of actual and
                 forecast economic information that related to the Group's core operations.

                 In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit
                 risk has increased significantly:

                 •    an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument's external (if
                      available) or internal credit rating;
                 •    significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk, e.g. a significant
                      increase in the credit spread, the credit default swap prices for the debtor;
                 •    existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are
                      expected to cause a significant decrease in the debtor's ability to meet its debt obligations;
                 •    an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor;
                 •    an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or
                      technological environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the
                      debtor's ability to meet its debt obligations.

                 Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit
                 risk has increased significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments are more
                 than 30 days past due, unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information that
                 demonstrates otherwise.

                 The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there
                 has been a significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that
                 the criteria are capable of identifying significant increase in credit risk before the amount
                 becomes past due.


                                                                        CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED            100
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
            AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION - continued
            3.2      Material accounting policy information - continued

                      Financial instruments - continued

                      Financial assets - continued

                      Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9 - continued

                      (ii)    Definition of default

                              For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default occurs when
                              information developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor
                              is unlikely to pay its creditors, including the Group, in full (without taking into account any
                              collaterals held by the Group).

                              Irrespective of the above, the Group considers that default has occurred when a financial
                              asset is more than 90 days past due unless the Group has reasonable and supportable
                              information to demonstrate that a more lagging default criterion is more appropriate.

                      (iii)   Credit-impaired financial assets

                              A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact
                              on the estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a
                              financial asset is credit-impaired includes observable data about the following events:

                              (a)    significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;
                              (b)    a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;
                              (c)    the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the
                                     borrower's financial difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the
                                     lender(s) would not otherwise consider; or
                              (d)    it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial
                                     reorganisation.

                      (iv)    Write-off policy

                              The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the
                              counterparty is in severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery,
                              for example, when the counterparty has been placed under liquidation or has entered into
                              bankruptcy proceedings, or in the case of trade receivables, when amounts are over three
                              years past due, whichever occurs sooner. Financial assets written off may still be subject
                              to enforcement activities under the Group's recovery procedures, taking into account legal
                              advice where appropriate. A write-off constitutes a derecognition event. Any subsequent
                              recoveries are recognised in profit or loss.


101   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    (CONTINUED)
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION - continued
     3.2   Material accounting policy information - continued

           Financial instruments - continued

           Financial assets - continued

           Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9 - continued

           (v)   Measurement and recognition of ECL

                 The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e. the
                 magnitude of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the
                 probability of default and loss given default is based on historical data adjusted by forward-
                 looking information. Estimation of ECL reflects an unbiased and probability-weighted amount
                 that is determined with the respective risks of default occurring as the weights. The Group
                 uses a practical expedient in estimating ECL on trade receivables using a provision matrix
                 taking into consideration historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific
                 to debtors, generals economic consideration and forward looking information including time
                 value of money where appropriate, that is available without undue cost or effort.

                 Generally, the ECL is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the
                 Group in accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive,
                 discounted at the effective interest rate determined at initial recognition.

                 Lifetime ECL for certain trade receivables are considered on a collective basis taking into
                 consideration past due information and relevant credit information such as forward looking
                 macroeconomic information.

                 For collective assessment, the Group takes into consideration the following characteristics
                 when formulating the grouping:

                 •    Past-due status; and
                 •    Nature, size and industry of debtors.

                 The grouping is regularly reviewed by management to ensure the constituents of each group
                 continue to share similar credit risk characteristics.

                 Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial asset unless
                 the financial asset is credit impaired, in which case interest income is calculated based on
                 amortised cost of the financial asset.

                 The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments
                 by adjusting their carrying amount, with the exception of trade receivables where the
                 corresponding adjustment is recognised through a loss allowance account.

                                                                       CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           102
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
            AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION - continued
            3.2      Material accounting policy information - continued

                      Financial instruments - continued

                      Financial assets - continued

                      Foreign exchange gains and losses

                      The carrying amount of financial assets that are denominated in a foreign currency is determined in
                      that foreign currency and translated at the spot rate at the end of each reporting period. Specifically:

                      •    For financial assets measured at amortised cost that are not part of a designated hedging
                           relationship, exchange differences are recognised in profit or loss in the “other gains and
                           losses” line item (Note 7) as part of the net foreign exchange gains/(losses);
                      •    For financial assets measured at FVTPL that are not part of a designated hedging relationship,
                           exchange differences are recognised in profit or loss in the “other gains and losses” line item
                           (Note 7) as part of changes in fair value of financial assets;
                      •    For equity instruments measured at FVTOCI, exchange differences are recognised in other
                           comprehensive income in the investment revaluation reserve.

                      Derecognition of financial assets

                      The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from
                      the asset expire. If the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards
                      of ownership and continues to control the transferred asset, the Group recognises its retained
                      interest in the asset and an associated liability for amounts it may have to pay. If the Group retains
                      substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of a transferred financial asset, the Group
                      continues to recognise the financial asset and also recognises a collateralised borrowing for the
                      proceeds received.

                      On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the asset’s
                      carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised in profit or
                      loss.

                      On derecognition of an investment in equity instrument which the Group has elected on initial
                      recognition to measure at FVTOCI, the cumulative gain or loss previously accumulated in the
                      investments revaluation reserve is not reclassified to profit or loss, but is transferred to accumulated
                      profits.




103   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                        (CONTINUED)
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION - continued
     3.2   Material accounting policy information - continued

           Financial instruments - continued

           Financial liabilities and equity instruments

           Classification as debts or equity

           Debt and equity instruments are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance with
           the substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity
           instrument.

           Equity instruments

           An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity
           after deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recognised at the
           proceeds received, net of direct issue costs.

           Repurchase of the Company’s own equity instruments is recognised and deducted directly in equity.
           No gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the
           Company’s own equity instruments.

           Financial liabilities

           All financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest
           method or at FVTPL.

           Financial liabilities at FVTPL

           Financial liabilities are classified as at FVTPL when the financial liability is (i) contingent consideration
           of an acquirer in a business combination to which IFRS 3 applies, or (ii) it is designated as at FVTPL.

           A financial liability is held for trading if:

           •     it has been incurred principally for the purpose of repurchasing it in the near term; or
           •     on initial recognition it is part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group
                 manages together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or
           •     it is a derivative, except for a derivative that is a financial guarantee contract or a designated
                 and effective hedging instrument.




                                                                          CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED            104
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
            AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION - continued
            3.2      Material accounting policy information - continued

                      Financial instruments - continued

                      Financial liabilities and equity instruments - continued

                      Financial liabilities at FVTPL - continued

                      A financial liability other than a financial liability held for trading or contingent consideration of an
                      acquirer in a business combination may be designated as at FVTPL upon initial recognition if:

                      •    such designation eliminates or significantly reduces a measurement or recognition inconsistency
                           that would otherwise arise; or
                      •    the financial liability forms part of a group of financial assets or financial liabilities or both,
                           which is managed and its performance is evaluated on a fair value basis, in accordance with
                           the Group’s documented risk management or investment strategy, and information about the
                           grouping is provided internally on that basis; or
                      •    it forms part of a contract containing one or more embedded derivatives, and IFRS 9 permits
                           the entire combined contract to be designated as at FVTPL.

                      For financial liabilities that are designated as at FVTPL, the amount of change in the fair value of
                      the financial liability that is attributable to changes in the credit risk of that liability is recognised in
                      other comprehensive income, unless the recognition of the effects of changes in the liability’s credit
                      risk in other comprehensive income would create or enlarge an accounting mismatch in profit
                      or loss. Changes in fair value attributable to a financial liability’s credit risk that are recognised in
                      other comprehensive income are not subsequently reclassified to profit or loss; instead, they are
                      transferred to accumulated profits upon derecognition of the financial liability.

                      Financial liabilities at amortised cost

                      Financial liabilities, including trade and other payables and bank borrowings and deferred
                      consideration payables, are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest
                      method.

                      Bank borrowings

                      Bank borrowings are recognised initially at fair value of proceeds received, net of transaction costs
                      incurred. Transaction costs are incremental costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition
                      or issue of a financial liability. Bank borrowings are subsequently stated at amortised cost. Any
                      difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the redemption value is amortised to
                      profit or loss over the period of the bank borrowings using the effective interest method.



105   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     (CONTINUED)
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION - continued
     3.2   Material accounting policy information - continued

           Financial instruments - continued

           Financial liabilities and equity instruments - continued

           Foreign exchange gains and losses

           For financial liabilities that are denominated in a foreign currency and are measured at amortised
           cost at the end of each reporting period, the foreign exchange gains and losses are determined
           based on the amortised cost of the instruments. These foreign exchange gains and losses are
           recognised in the “Other gains and losses” line item in profit or loss (Note 7) as part of net foreign
           exchange gains/(losses) for financial liabilities that are not part of a designated hedging relationship.

           Derecognition of financial liabilities

           The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are
           discharged, cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial
           liability derecognised and the consideration paid and payable is recognised in profit or loss.

           Taxation

           Income tax expense represents the sum of current and deferred income tax expense.

           The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from profit
           before tax because of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and items
           that are never taxable or deductible. The Group’s liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates
           that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

           Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets
           and liabilities in the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in
           the computation of taxable profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable
           temporary differences. Deferred tax assets are generally recognised for all deductible temporary
           differences to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available against which
           those deductible temporary differences can be utilised. Such deferred tax assets and liabilities
           are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition (other than in a
           business combination) of assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit
           nor the accounting profit and at the time of the transaction does not give rise to equal taxable
           and deductible temporary differences. In addition, deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if the
           temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of goodwill.




                                                                       CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           106
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
            AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION - continued
            3.2      Material accounting policy information - continued

                      Taxation - continued

                      Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences associated with investments
                      in subsidiaries and associates, except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the
                      temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the
                      foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences associated
                      with such investments and interests are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that there
                      will be sufficient taxable profits against which to utilise the benefits of the temporary differences and
                      they are expected to reverse in the foreseeable future.

                      The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of the reporting period and
                      reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to
                      allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.

                      Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the
                      period in which the liability is settled or the asset realised, based on tax rate (and tax laws) that have
                      been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

                      The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would
                      follow from the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or
                      settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.

                      For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for leasing transactions in which the Group recognises
                      the right-of-use assets and the related lease liabilities, the Group first determines whether the tax
                      deductions are attributable to the right-of-use assets or the lease liabilities.

                      For leasing transactions in which the tax deductions are attributable to the lease liabilities, the Group
                      applies IAS 12 Income Taxes requirements to the lease liabilities, and the related assets separately.
                      The Group recognises a deferred tax asset related to lease liabilities to the extent that it is probable
                      that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary difference can be utilised
                      and a deferred tax liability for all taxable temporary differences.

                      Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current
                      tax assets against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied to the same
                      taxable entity by the same taxation authority.

                      Current and deferred tax are recognised in profit or loss, except when they relate to items that are
                      recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case, the current and
                      deferred tax are also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity respectively.
                      Where current tax or deferred tax arises from the initial accounting for a business combination, the
                      tax effect is included in the accounting for the business combination.




107   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   (CONTINUED)
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION - continued
     3.2   Material accounting policy information - continued

           Foreign currencies

           In preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in currencies
           other than the functional currency of that entity (foreign currencies) are recognised at the rates of
           exchange prevailing at the dates of the transactions. At the end of each reporting period, monetary
           items denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing at that date. Non-
           monetary items carried at fair value that are denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the
           rates prevailing on the date when the fair value was determined. When a fair value gain or loss on
           a non-monetary item is recognised in profit or loss, any exchange component of that gain or loss is
           also recognised in profit or loss. When a fair value gain or loss on a non-monetary item is recognised
           in other comprehensive income, any exchange component of that gain or loss is also recognised in
           other comprehensive income. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a
           foreign currency are not retranslated.

           Exchange differences, arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the retranslation of
           monetary items, are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.

           For the purposes of presenting the consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities
           of the Group’s foreign operations are translated into the presentation currency of the Group (i.e.
           RMB) using exchange rates prevailing at the end of each reporting period. Income and expense
           items are translated at the average exchange rates for the period, unless exchange rates fluctuate
           significantly during that period, in which case, the exchange rates at the dates of transactions are
           used. Exchange differences arising, if any, are recognised in other comprehensive income and
           accumulated in equity under the heading of translation reserve.

           On the disposal of a foreign operation (that is, a disposal of the Group’s entire interest in a foreign
           operation, or a disposal involving loss of control over a subsidiary that includes a foreign operation,
           or a partial disposal of an interest in an associate that includes a foreign operation of which the
           retained interest becomes a financial asset), all of the exchange differences accumulated in equity in
           respect of that operation attributable to the owners of the Company are reclassified to profit or loss.

           Goodwill and fair value adjustments on identifiable assets acquired arising on an acquisition of a
           foreign operation are treated as assets and liabilities of that foreign operation and translated at the
           rate of exchange prevailing at the end of each reporting period. Exchange differences arising are
           recognised in other comprehensive income.




                                                                      CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          108
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
            AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION - continued
            3.2      Material accounting policy information - continued

                      Employee benefits

                      Retirement benefit costs

                      Payment to defined contribution retirement benefit plans including schemes registered under the
                      Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance in Hong Kong, Social Security Fund Schemes in
                      Macau and government retirement benefit scheme in the PRC and retirement benefit scheme in
                      Dubai are recognised as an expense when employees have rendered service entitling them to the
                      contributions.

                      Payments to employee benefit schemes including key employee benefit scheme (the “2009
                      Scheme”), CMS key employee benefit scheme (the “New KEB Scheme”) and CMS Employee
                      Incentive Scheme (the “Bonus Scheme”), which are classified as a defined contribution scheme,
                      are recognised as an expense when employees have rendered service entitling them to the
                      contributions.

                      The Group operates defined contribution retirement schemes in Hong Kong, Macau, the PRC and
                      Dubai.

                      In respect of the non-mandatory provident fund schemes, contributions payable by the Group are
                      reduced by the amount of contributions forfeited by those employees who leave the schemes prior
                      to vesting fully in the Group’s contributions.

                      Short-term employee benefits

                      Short-term employee benefits are recognised at the undiscounted amount of the benefits expected
                      to be paid as and when employees rendered the services. All short-term employee benefits are
                      recognised as an expense unless another IFRS Accounting standards requires or permits the
                      inclusion of the benefit in the cost of an asset.

                      A liability is recognised for benefits accruing to employees (such as wages and salaries and annual
                      leave) after deducting any amount already paid.




109   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                          (CONTINUED)
                                                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




4.   KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY
     In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, the directors of the Company are required to make
     judgements, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily
     apparent from other sources. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experience
     and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

     The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an on-going basis. Revisions to accounting
     estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or
     in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.

     The following are the key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at
     the end of the reporting period, that may have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying
     amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year.

     Estimated impairment of goodwill

     For the purpose of impairment testing, the entire amount of goodwill has been allocated to seven (2024: eight)
     cash generating units (“CGUs”) (see Note 19). The impairment assessment is based on the higher of fair value
     less costs of disposal and value in use of the CGUs. The value in use calculation requires the Group to estimate
     the future cash flows expected to arise from the CGUs and a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the
     present value. The value in use calculation is sensitive to changes in the key assumptions including growth
     rates, discount rate and the forecast performance based on management’s view of future business prospects.
     Where the actual future cash flows are less than expected or change in facts and circumstances which results
     in downward revision of future cash flows or upward revision of discount rate, a material impairment loss/further
     impairment loss may arise.

     During the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, no impairment on goodwill was recognised in profit or
     loss. As at 31 December 2025, the carrying amount of goodwill is approximately RMB1,511,261,000 (2024:
     RMB1,547,903,000) (net of accumulated impairment loss of RMB170,000,000 (2024: RMB170,000,000)).




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          110
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      4.    KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY - continued
            Estimated impairment of intangible assets

            At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its intangible assets to determine
            whether there is any indication that those assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication
            exists, the recoverable amount of the asset is determined as the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal
            and its value in use. The recoverable amount is estimated with reference to the value in use calculation
            in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss, if any. The value in use calculation is sensitive to
            changes in the key assumptions including growth rates, discount rate and the forecast performance based on
            management’s view of future business prospects. If the recoverable amount of an intangible asset is estimated
            to be less than its carrying amount, the carrying amount of the asset is reduced to its recoverable amount. As
            at 31 December 2025, the carrying amount of intangible assets is approximately RMB 2,213,765,000 (2024:
            RMB2,301,346,000).

            Provision of ECL for trade receivables

            Trade receivables with credit-impaired are assessed for ECL individually. In addition, the Group uses practical
            expedient in estimating ECL on trade receivables which are not assessed individually using a provision matrix.
            The provision rates are based on internal credit ratings as groupings of various debtors taking into consideration
            the Group’s historical default rates and forward-looking information that is reasonable, supportable and available
            without undue costs or effort. At every reporting date, the historical observed default rates are reassessed and
            changes in the forward-looking information are considered.

            The provision of ECL is sensitive to changes in estimates. As at 31 December 2025, the carrying amount
            of trade receivables amounted to RMB1,587,874,000 (2024: RMB1,222,479,000) were net of impairment
            allowance under ECL model. The information about the ECL and the Group’s trade receivables are disclosed in
            Notes 34 and 22, respectively.




111   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                         (CONTINUED)
                                                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




4.   KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY - continued
     Fair value measurement of financial instruments

     As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s unquoted equity instruments at FVTOCI amounting to RMB 357,593,000
     (2024: RMB129,763,000) and financial assets, being unlisted investments at FVTPL amounting to RMB
     3,077,198,000 (2024: RMB2,157,623,000), are measured at fair values with fair values being determined based
     on significant unobservable inputs using valuation techniques and the relevant inputs thereof. Judgement
     and estimation are required in establishing the relevant valuation techniques and the relevant inputs thereof.
     Changes in assumptions relating to these factors could affect the reported fair values of these instruments.
     See Note 20 for further disclosures.

     Estimated impairment of deposits paid for acquisition of intangible assets

     At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its deposits paid for acquisition
     of intangible assets to determine whether there is any indication that those assets have suffered an impairment
     loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the asset is estimated with reference to the value
     in use calculation in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss, if any. The value in use calculation is
     sensitive to changes in the key assumptions including growth rates, discount rate and the forecast performance
     based on management’s view of future business prospects. If the recoverable amount of the deposits paid
     for acquisition of intangible assets is estimated to be less than its carrying amount, the carrying amount of the
     asset is reduced to its recoverable amount. During the year ended 31 December 2025, an impairment loss
     of RMB31,740,000 (2024: RMB1,152,000) was recognised in profit or loss. As at 31 December 2025, the
     carrying amount of the deposits paid for acquisition of intangible assets is approximately RMB 1,480,664,000
     (2024: RMB1,189,256,000 ).

     Estimated impairment of interest in an associate

     Determining whether interest in Eye Tech Care (“ETC”) is impaired requires an estimation of the recoverable
     amount of the cash-generating unit, which is the higher of the value in use and fair value less costs of disposal.
     The value in use calculation requires the Group to estimate the future cash flows expected to arise from the
     cash-generating unit and a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value. Where the actual future
     cash flows are less than expected, or change in facts and circumstances which results in downward revision
     of future cash flows or upward revision of discount rate, a material impairment loss or further impairment loss
     may arise. Furthermore, the estimated cash flows and discount rate are subject to higher degree of estimation
     uncertainties due to uncertainty on volatility in macro and microeconomic factors of the operation of ETC.
     As at 31 December 2025, the carrying amount of interest in ETC is approximately RMB115,880,000 (2024:
     RMB125,400,000) (net of accumulated impairment loss of RMB120,000,000 (2024: 100,000,000)). Details of
     the recoverable amount calculation are disclosed in Note 17(a).




                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          112
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      5.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
            (i)   Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers

                  The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue from its major products and services:

                    At a point in time                                                        2025                 2024
                                                                                           RMB’000              RMB’000

                    Sales of pharmaceutical products                                      6,605,238            5,887,214

                    Promotion income                                                      1,606,820            1,581,776

                    Total revenue                                                         8,212,058            7,468,990


                  Segment information

                  The Group determines its operating segments based on the internal reports reviewed by the chief
                  operating decision maker, the Executive Directors of the Company that are used for resources allocation
                  and assessment of segment performance.

                  During the Reporting Year, the Group reorganised its internal reporting structure which resulted in
                  changes to the composition of its reportable segments. The number of its reportable operating segment
                  was changed to two segments, i.e. (i) integrated pharmaceuticals portfolio (the “Integrated Business”)
                  and (ii) skin diseases related business (the “Skin Health Business”), from one segment that was research
                  and development, promotion, sales and manufacturing of pharmaceutical products. Prior year segment
                  disclosures have been represented to conform with the current Reporting Period’s presentation.

                  The revenue and performance of reportable operating segments of the Group are analyzed below:

                  For the year ended 31 December 2025

                                                         Integrated     Skin Health
                                                          Business       Business         Elimination          Total
                                                          RMB’000        RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000

                    External revenue                       7,146,828        1,065,230                  -       8,212,058
                    Inter-segment revenue                     27,980            4,619            (32,599)              -
                    Turnover                               7,174,808        1,069,849            (32,599)      8,212,058
                    Gross profit                           5,223,110          674,415            (25,989)      5,871,536
                    Segment profit (loss) for the year     1,546,972         (103,695)                 -       1,443,277




113   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     (CONTINUED)
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




5.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION - continued
     (i)   Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers

           Segment information - continued

           For the year ended 31 December 2024

                                                  Integrated     Skin Health
                                                   Business       Business        Elimination         Total
                                                   RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000

           External revenue                         6,899,028          569,962                 -          7,468,990
           Inter-segment revenue                       62,544           47,568          (110,112)                 -
           Turnover                                 6,961,572          617,530          (110,112)         7,468,990
           Gross profit                             5,080,862          391,860            (50,528)        5,422,194
           Segment profit (loss) for the year       1,747,140         (105,630)           (28,430)        1,613,080


           The accounting policies of the operating segments are the same as the Group’s accounting policies
           described in Note 3. Segment profit/(loss) represents the profit earned by/loss from each segment.
           This is the measure reported to the CODM for the purposes of resource allocation and performance
           assessment.

           Segment assets and liabilities

           The assets and liabilities of reportable operating segments of the Group are analyzed below:

           As at 31 December 2025
                                                  Integrated     Skin Health
                                                   Business       Business        Elimination         Total
                                                   RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000

           Segment assets                          19,468,422        2,635,017        (2,904,584)     19,198,855
           Segment liabilities                      1,554,224          110,151            (8,283)         1,656,092


           As at 31 December 2024

                                                  Integrated     Skin Health
                                                   Business       Business        Elimination         Total
                                                   RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000

           Segment assets                          18,521,257        2,175,853        (2,649,320)     18,047,790
           Segment liabilities                      1,653,722          224,825          (233,865)         1,644,682




                                                                         CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        114
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      5.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION - continued

            (ii)    Performance obligations for contracts with customers and revenue recognition policies

                   The Group mainly sells pharmaceutical products to distributors which would then further be sold
                   to hospital and medical institutions throughout the PRC and provides promotion services to certain
                   pharmaceutical manufacturers.

                   The Group recognises revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when “control” of
                   the goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to the customer.

                   A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is distinct
                   or a series of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same.

                   Revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the distinct good or
                   service.

                   A contract asset represents the Group’s right to consideration in exchange for goods or services that
                   the Group has transferred to a customer that is not yet unconditional. It is assessed for impairment
                   in accordance with IFRS 9. In contrast, a receivable represents the Group’s unconditional right to
                   consideration, i.e. only the passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due.

                   Variable consideration

                   For contracts that contain variable consideration (e.g. sales returns or volume rebates), the Group
                   estimates the amount of consideration to which it will be entitled using the expected value method,
                   which better predicts the amount of consideration to which the Group will be entitled.

                   The estimated amount of variable consideration is included in the transaction price only to the extent
                   that it is highly probable that such an inclusion will not result in a significant revenue reversal in the future
                   when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved.

                   At the end of each reporting period, the Group updates the estimated transaction price (including
                   updating its assessment of whether an estimate of variable consideration is constrained) to represent
                   faithfully the circumstances present at the end of the reporting period and the changes in circumstances
                   during the reporting period.




115   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                         (CONTINUED)
                                                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




5.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION - continued
     (ii)   Performance obligations for contracts with customers and revenue recognition policies - continued

            Principal versus agent

            When another party is involved in providing goods or services to a customer, the Group determines
            whether the nature of its promise is a performance obligation to provide the specified goods or services
            itself (i.e. the Group is a principal) or to arrange for those goods or services to be provided by the other
            party (i.e. the Group is an agent).

            The Group is a principal if it controls the specified good or service before that good or service is
            transferred to a customer.

            The Group is an agent if its performance obligation is to arrange for the provision of the specified good
            or service by another party. In this case, the Group does not control the specified good or service
            provided by another party before that good or service is transferred to the customer. When the Group
            acts as an agent, it recognises revenue in the amount of any fee or commission to which it expects to be
            entitled in exchange for arranging for the specified goods or services to be provided by the other party.

            The Group has acted as principal for transactions of pharmaceutical products and acted as agent
            for the promotion services. In assessing whether the Group acted as principal or agent, the Group
            has considered whether it controls the pharmaceutical products and promotion services before such
            products and/or services are transferred to customers, indicators including but not limited to whether
            the Group has primary responsibility in providing the goods and services to the customers, inventory risk
            before the customers’ order and whether it has discretion in establishing price.

            For sales of pharmaceutical products to customers, revenue is recognised at a point in time when
            control of the pharmaceutical products is passed to customers, i.e. when the products are delivered and
            titles have passed to customers upon receipt by customers. Sales rebates will be granted to customers
            by the Group for qualified purchases at a pre-determined amount per unit.

            For promotion of pharmaceutical products, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the Group
            satisfies its obligation to arrange for the pharmaceutical products to be provided by suppliers to
            distributors.

            The Group’s research and development, production, promotion and sale of medicines are primarily in the
            PRC. Majority of revenue from external customers is attributed to the PRC, 97% and 3% (2024: 99%
            and 1%) of non-current assets excluding amounts due from associates, derivative financial instruments
            and deferred tax assets of the Group are located in the PRC and Overseas, respectively.

            Sales to the largest customer of the Group account for 17.9% (2024: 18.7%) of the Group’s sales and
            no other single customers contribute over 10% of the total revenue of the Group for the year ended 31
            December 2025.



                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          116
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      6.    OTHER INCOME
                                                                                            2025                2024
                                                                                         RMB’000             RMB’000

            Interest income                                                                82,348             126,344
            Government subsidies (Note)                                                    63,324              82,043
                                                                                          145,672             208,387


            Note: The amounts for both years mainly represented the incentive subsidies provided by the PRC local
                  authorities to the Group to encourage business operation in the PRC. Such government grants were
                  pertinent to income and aim to give immediate financial support to the Group with no future related
                  costs. There were no unfulfilled conditions attached to these grants and, the Group has recognised the
                  grants upon receipts.


      7.    OTHER GAINS AND LOSSES
                                                                                            2025                2024
                                                                                         RMB’000             RMB’000

            Impairment loss on interest in an associate (Note 17(a))                       (20,000)           (100,000)
            Impairment loss on deposit paid for acquisition of intangible assets           (31,740)               (1,152)
            Impairment loss (recognised) reversed under ECL model, net of reversal           (1,723)                 499
            Gain on disposal of a subsidiary (Note 40)                                      19,594                     -
            (Loss) gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment                           (867)                 500
            Net foreign exchange loss                                                      (12,839)             (53,147)
            Change in fair value of derivative financial instruments                              -              17,227
            Change in fair value of financial assets at FVTPL                             230,987                 (9,025)
            Others                                                                         (26,505)               (6,146)

                                                                                          156,907             (151,244)



      8.    FINANCE COSTS
                                                                                            2025                2024
                                                                                         RMB’000             RMB’000

            Interest on bank borrowings                                                    17,563               36,398
            Interest on lease liabilities                                                   2,734                2,212
                                                                                           20,297               38,610




117   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                             (CONTINUED)
                                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




9.   DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S EMOLUMENTS
     Directors’ and chief executive’s remunerations for the year, disclosed pursuant to the applicable Listing Rules
     and the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, are as follows:

                                                                     Year ended 31 December 2025
                                                                                                                      Executive
                                                       Non-                      Independent                           Director
                                    Executive        executive                  Non-executive                         and chief
                                    Director     Director                          Directors                          executive
                                    (Note b) (Notes b and d)                       (Note c)                           (Note b)

                                     Chen             Chen              Fung       Leung            Luo,
                                      Yan             Hong             Ching,      Chong           Laura                 Lam
                                     Ling             Bing             Simon       Shun            Ying                 Kong        Total
                                    RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000             RMB’000      RMB’000
                                                                                                                       (Note a)

     Fees                                329                 219          329             329             329               329      1,864
     Other emoluments
      Salaries and other benefits      4,261               2,207            -                -              -             5,463     11,931
      Contributions to retirement
       benefits schemes                   34                     -          -                -              -                 66       100

     Total emoluments                  4,624               2,426          329             329             329             5,858     13,895

                                                                      Year ended 31 December 2024
                                                                                                                       Executive
                                                          Non-                         Independent                      Director
                                      Executive         executive                      Non-executive                   and chief
                                       Director         Director                         Directors                     executive
                                       (Note b)      (Notes b and d)                     (Note c)                      (Note b)
                                        Chen              Chen             Fung           Leung           Luo,
                                         Yan              Hong            Ching,          Chong           Laura          Lam
                                         Ling             Bing            Simon            Shun           Ying           Kong       Total
                                       RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000
                                                                                                                        (Note a)


     Fees                                     330                 330           330              330        330             330      1,980
     Other emoluments
      Salaries and other benefits          4,521                 4,777             -                 -            -       5,806     15,104
      Contributions to
       retirement benefits schemes              34                   76            -                 -            -           50       160

     Total emoluments                      4,885                 5,183          330              330        330           6,186     17,244




                                                                                         CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED               118
                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      9.    DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S EMOLUMENTS - continued
            Notes:

            (a)      Mr. Lam Kong is also the chief executive of the Company and his emoluments disclosed above include
                     those for services rendered by him as the chief executive.

            (b)      The executive directors’ and non-executive director’s emoluments shown above were mainly for their
                     services in connection with the management of the affairs of the Company and the Group.

            (c)      The independent non-executive director’s emoluments shown above were mainly for their services as
                     directors of the Company.

            (d)      Mr. Chen Hong Bing was re-designated as a non-executive director of the Company on 15 August 2024
                     and was retired on 18 August 2025.

            There was no arrangement under which a director or the chief executive waived or agreed to waive any
            remuneration during both years.


      10. EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS
            The five highest paid individuals for the year ended 31 December 2025 included two directors (2024: three
            directors), details of whose emoluments are set out in Note 9 above. The emoluments of the remaining three
            (2024: two) individuals for the year ended 31 December 2025 were as follows:

                                                                                             2025                2024
                                                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000
            Employees
             - basic salaries and allowances                                                 8,803                5,656
             - retirement benefits scheme contributions                                        257                  239

                                                                                             9,060                5,895


            The number of the highest paid individuals who are not the directors of the Company whose remuneration fell
            within the following bands is as follows:

                                                                                         Number of employees
                                                                                            2025                  2024

            HK$3,000,001 to HK$3,500,000                                                          3                   2


            During both years, no emoluments were paid by the Group to the directors or the highest paid individuals
            (including directors and employees) as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for
            loss of office.


119   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    (CONTINUED)
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




11. INCOME TAX EXPENSE
                                                                                      2025                 2024
                                                                                   RMB’000              RMB’000

   Current tax:
    The PRC Enterprise Income Tax (“EIT”)                                            528,332             249,610
    Hong Kong Profits Tax                                                              2,558               5,470
    Macau Complementary Income Tax                                                    74,050              42,917
    Dubai Income Tax                                                                   4,723              14,664
    Withholding tax                                                                        -              85,000

                                                                                     609,663             397,661

   (Over) under provision in prior years:
    The PRC EIT                                                                          (785)              2,936
    Hong Kong Profits Tax                                                                 149               2,524
    Macau Complementary Income Tax                                                          -                (733)

                                                                                         (636)              4,727

   Deferred taxation (Note 30):
    - Current year                                                                    50,757               (5,161)

                                                                                     659,784              397,227

   Notes:

   (a)      The PRC Enterprise Income Tax

            The provision for PRC Enterprise Income Tax is based on the estimated taxable income for the PRC
            taxation purposes at the applicable rates for both years.

            Under the Law of the PRC on Enterprise Income Tax (the “EIT Law”) and Implementation Regulation of
            the EIT Law, the tax rate of the PRC subsidiaries is 25% except for those described below.

            天津康哲醫藥科技發展有限公司 (formerly known as 天津康哲維盛醫藥科技發展有限公司 ) (Tianjin
            Kangzhe Pharmaceutical Technology Development Co., Ltd.) (“Tianjin Kangzhe”) is entitled to a reduced
            tax rate of 15% (2024: 15%) granted by the local tax authority until 2027. 西藏康哲藥業發展有限公司
            (Tibet Kangzhe Pharmaceutical Development Co., Ltd ) (“Tibet Kangzhe Development”) is entitled to a
            reduced tax rate of 15% (2024: 9%) granted by local tax authority until 2030. 海南德鎂醫藥科技有限
            公司 (formerly known as 海南康哲美麗科技有限公司 ) (Hainan Dermavon Pharmaceutical Technology
            Co., Ltd) and 海南康哲維盛科技有限公司 (Hainan Kangzhe Vision Technology Co., Ltd) are entitled to a
            reduced tax rate of 15% (2024: 15%) granted by local tax authority until 2027.

            During the year ended 31 December 2025, Tibet Kangzhe Development did not be eligible for local
            income tax concessions, which is the exemption of the local income tax portion owned by the local
            government. As a result, the applicable enterprise income tax rate for this subsidiary for the calendar
            year of 2025 increased from 9% to 15%.


                                                                         CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        120
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      11. INCOME TAX EXPENSE - continued
            Notes: - continued

            (b)   Hong Kong Profits Tax

                  On 21 March 2018, the Hong Kong Legislative Council passed The Inland Revenue (Amendment) (No.
                  7) Bill 2017 (the “Bill”) which introduces the two-tiered profits tax rates regime. The Bill was signed into
                  law on 28 March 2018 and was gazetted on the following day. Under the two-tiered profits tax rates
                  regime, the first HK$2 million of profits of the qualifying group entity will be taxed at 8.25%, and profits
                  above HK$2 million will be taxed at 16.5%, while only one entity nominated by a group of “connected”
                  entities will be entitled to select the lower tax rate. The profits of group entities not elected/qualified for
                  the two-tiered profits tax rates regime will continue to be taxed at a flat rate of 16.5%.

                  The directors of the Company considered the amount involved upon implementation of the two-tiered
                  profits tax rates regime as insignificant to the consolidated financial statements. Hong Kong Profits Tax
                  is calculated at 16.5% of the estimated assessable profit for both years.

            (c)   PRC Withholding Income Tax

                  PRC withholding income tax of 10% shall be levied on the dividend declared by the companies
                  established in the PRC to their foreign investors out of their profits earned after 1 January 2008. A lower
                  5% withholding rate may be applied when the immediate holding company of the PRC subsidiaries
                  are incorporated or operated in Hong Kong and fulfil the requirements to the tax treaty arrangements
                  between the PRC and Hong Kong.

            (d)   Overseas Income tax

                  The company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited liability
                  under the Companies Law, Cap.22 of Cayman Islands and accordingly, is exempted from the Cayman
                  Islands Income Tax.

            (e)   Macau Complementary Income Tax

                  Macau Complementary Income Tax is calculated at the progressive rate on the estimated assessable
                  profits. The maximum tax rate is 12% for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024.

            (f)   Dubai Tax

                  United Arab Emirates Corporate Tax is calculated at 9% on assessable profits exceeding 375,000 United
                  Arab Emirate Dirham (“AED”) for the year ended 31 December 2025 and 2024.




121   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     (CONTINUED)
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




11. INCOME TAX EXPENSE - continued
   The tax charge for the year can be reconciled to the ‘profit before tax’ per the consolidated statement of profit
   or loss and other comprehensive income as follows:
                                                                                        2025                 2024
                                                                                     RMB’000              RMB’000


   Profit before tax                                                                2,103,061             2,010,307

   Tax at PRC EIT rate of 25%                                                         525,765              502,577
   Tax effect of share of results of associates                                        (59,698)             (84,637)
   Tax effect of share of result of a joint venture                                       (876)                (689)
   Tax effect of expenses that are not deductible in
    determining taxable profit                                                         45,200               99,177
   Tax effect of income that is not taxable in
    determining taxable profit                                                         (14,178)             (11,633)
   Tax effect of tax losses not recognised                                              79,052               21,295
   Tax effect of deductible temporary differences
    not recognised                                                                       (2,783)                 (547)
   Tax effect of tax concession                                                        (92,044)            (186,472)
   Effect on different applicable tax rates of subsidiaries                            (47,301)              (34,186)
   Additional tax in relation to change in tax rate of a subsidiary                   223,835                       -
   (Over) under provision in prior years                                                    (636)              4,727
   Withholding tax                                                                             -              85,000
   Others                                                                                 3,448                2,615

   Income tax expense for the year                                                    659,784              397,227


12. PROFIT FOR THE YEAR
                                                                                       2025                 2024
                                                                                    RMB’000              RMB’000
   Profit for the year has been arrived at after charging:

   Directors’ remuneration (Note 9)
    Fees                                                                               1,864                1,980
    Salaries and other benefits                                                       11,931               15,104
    Contribution to retirement benefits schemes                                          100                  160

                                                                                      13,895               17,244
   Other staff costs                                                               1,506,392            1,338,076
   Contribution to retirement benefits schemes                                       335,300              301,007
   Employee benefits expense (Note 39)                                                32,830                7,680

   Total staff costs                                                               1,888,417            1,664,007

   Auditor’s remuneration                                                              3,414                3,938
   Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                      47,236               50,755
   Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                20,591               23,500
   Amortisation of intangible assets (included in
    cost of goods sold)                                                              199,101              184,983
   Cost of inventories recognised as an expense                                    2,049,007            1,826,933
   Write-down of inventories                                                          20,000                    -

                                                                         CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           122
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      13. DIVIDENDS
                                                                                              2025                 2024
                                                                                           RMB’000              RMB’000
            Dividends paid

            Dividends recognised as distributions during the year:
             2025 Interim - RMB0.1555 (2024: 2024 Interim dividend
               RMB0.1507) per share                                                         376,388              364,171
             2024 Final - RMB0.1174 (2024: 2023 final dividend
               RMB0.0783) per share                                                         284,167              191,991

                                                                                            660,555              556,162

            Dividends proposed

            Dividends proposed during the year:
             2025 final - RMB 0.1366 (2024: 2024 final
               - RMB0.1174) per share                                                       330,641              283,700


            Subsequent to the end of the reporting period, the Board of Directors have declared a final dividend of
            RMB0.1366 per ordinary share for the year ended 31 December 2025 (2024: RMB0.1174 per ordinary share).


      14. EARNINGS PER SHARE
            The calculation of the basic earnings per share attributable to owners of the Company is based on the following
            data:

                                                                                              2025                 2024
                                                                                           RMB’000              RMB’000

            Earnings for the purposes of basic earnings
             per share (profit for the year attributable to
             owners of the Company)                                                       1,488,892            1,619,788


                                                                                        Number of ordinary shares
                                                                                          as at 31 December
                                                                                              2025                2024
            Number of shares
            Weighted average number of ordinary shares
             for the purpose of basic earnings per share                              2,419,522,170        2,427,382,419


            No diluted earnings per share for both 2025 and 2024 were presented as there were no potential ordinary
            shares in issue for both 2025 and 2024.



123   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                            (CONTINUED)
                                                                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




15. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                                                                                Furniture,
                                                                                                 fixtures
                                                 Leasehold     Plant and        Motor               and          Construction
                               Buildings       improvement     machinery       vehicles        equipment         in progress      Total
                               RMB’000            RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000            RMB’000       RMB’000
   COST
   At 1 January 2024             310,864            81,513         179,007        33,320            53,127                  -      657,831
   Additions                          75             8,701           2,159         1,840            19,272               572        32,619
   Disposals                           -                 -             (609)       (2,311)           (7,985)                -       (10,905)
   Transfer                          430                 -             142              -                 -              (572)            -

   At 31 December 2024           311,369            90,214         180,699        32,849            64,414                 -       679,545
   Additions                           -             5,428           3,786           486            13,400            17,937        41,037
   Eliminated on disposals             -                 -              (70)         (833)           (3,016)               -         (3,919)
   Eliminated on disposal
    of a subsidiary(Note40)                -          (291)          (2,024)              -                  -              -        (2,315)

   At 31 December 2025           311,369            95,351         182,391        32,502            74,798            17,937       714,348

   ACCUMULATED
    DEPRECIATION
   At 1 January 2024              88,886            37,904          82,245        31,592            19,588                  -      260,215
   Provided for the year          15,131            13,205          12,389         2,388             7,642                  -       50,755
   Eliminated on disposals             -                 -             (548)       (2,010)           (4,760)                -        (7,318)

   At 31 December 2024           104,017            51,109          94,086        31,970            22,470                  -      303,652
   Provided for the year          15,131            11,865           9,717         1,307             9,216                  -       47,236
   Eliminated on disposals             -                 -              (61)         (775)             (847)                -        (1,683)
   Eliminated on disposal
    of a subsidiary(Note 40)               -          (267)          (1,292)              -                  -              -        (1,559)

   At 31 December 2025           119,148            62,707         102,450        32,502            30,839                  -      347,646

   CARRYING VALUES
   At 31 December 2025           192,221            32,644          79,941                -         43,959            17,937       366,702

   At 31 December 2024           207,352            39,105          86,613           879            41,944                  -      375,893



   The above items of property, plant and equipment are depreciated over their estimated useful lives as follows:

   Buildings                                                  Over the shorter of the lease terms, or 20/40 years
   Leasehold improvement                                      Over the shorter of the lease terms, or 10 years
   Plant and machinery                                        5 to 10 years
   Motor vehicles                                             5 years
   Furniture, fixtures and equipment                          5 years

   As at 31 December 2025, the Group had pledged property, plant and equipment to source bank borrowing
   and banking facilities granted to the Group. As at 31 December 2024, the Group had no pledged property,
   plant and equipment to source bank borrowing and banking facilities granted to the Group.




                                                                                      CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED                    124
                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      16. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS
                                                                          Leasehold
                                                                            land            Building           Total
                                                                           RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000
            As at 31 December 2025
            Carrying amount                                                     43,512            35,876           79,388
            As at 31 December 2024
            Carrying amount                                                     44,699            27,498           72,197
            For the year ended 31 December 2025
            Depreciation charge                                                   1,187           19,404           20,591
            For the year ended 31 December 2024
            Depreciation charge                                                   1,191           22,309           23,500

                                                                                           Year ended       Year ended
                                                                                           31/12/2025       31/12/2024
                                                                                            RMB’000          RMB’000

            Expense relating to short-term leases                                                 19,823           21,134

            Total cash outflow for leases                                                        (41,518)          (45,563)

            Additions to right-of-use assets                                                      27,782           19,573


            For both years, the Group leases offices premises and warehouses for its operations. For the year ended
            31 December 2025, lease contracts are entered into for fixed term of 1 year to 20 years with fixed payment.
            The Group does not have the option to purchase the leased properties for a nominal amount at the end of
            the relevant lease terms or any extension/termination options which are solely at the Group’s discretion. The
            Group’s obligations are secured by the rental deposits for such leases. Lease terms are negotiated on an
            individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. The Group determines the lease
            period to be the non-cancellable period based on the contractual terms of the contract.

            In addition, the Group owns several industrial buildings and office buildings. The Group is the registered owner
            of these property interests, including the underlying leasehold lands. Lump sum payments were made upfront
            to acquire these property interests. The leasehold land components of these owned properties are presented
            separately only if the payments made can be allocated reliably.

            As at 31 December 2025, the Group had pledged right-of-use assets to secure general banking facilities
            granted to the Group. As at 31 December 2024, the Group had no pledged right-of-use assets to secure
            general banking facilities granted to the Group.

            The Group regularly entered into short-term leases for offices premises and warehouses. As at 31 December
            2025 and 2024, the portfolio of short-term leases is similar to the portfolio of short-term leases to which the
            short-term lease expense disclosed above.

            During the year ended 31 December 2025, no payment for leasehold land was made. All the Group’s leasehold
            lands represented prepaid land use right, are located in the PRC.


125   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                   (CONTINUED)
                                                                                       FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




17. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES/A JOINT VENTURE
   (a)   Interests in associates

                                                                                                   2025                   2024
                                                                                                RMB’000                RMB’000
         Cost of investments in associates
          Listed outside Hong Kong                                                              2,304,356             2,304,356
          Unlisted                                                                                604,394               479,229
         Impairment loss recognised (Note iii)                                                   (120,000)             (100,000)
         Share of post-acquisition profits and other comprehensive
          income, net of dividends received                                                       689,345                682,399
         Adjustment for the disposal of the associate (Note ii)                                     (8,008)                    -
         Exchange adjustments                                                                      39,507                 23,843

                                                                                                3,509,594             3,389,827

         Fair value of listed investment (note)                                                 5,123,196             4,416,423

         Note: As at 31 December 2025, the fair value of the Group’s interest in its listed associate, Tibet
               Rhodiola Pharmaceutical Holding Company (“Tibet Pharmaceutical”), of which its shares are
               listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (the “SSE”), was approximately RMB 5,123 million (2024:
               approximately RMB 4,416 million) based on the quoted market price available on the SSE, which
               is a level 1 input in terms of IFRS 13 Fair Value Measurement.
         As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, details of the associates are as follows:
                                                                                           Proportion of
                                                             Place of      Principal     ownership interest
                                                          establishment/    place of       /voting rights
         Names of associates                              incorporation    business      held by the Group     Principal activities
                                                                                         2025         2024

         Tibet Pharmaceutical (Note i)                         PRC           PRC         37.36%      37.36%   Production of
                                                                                                               medicines and sale
                                                                                                               of drugs

         Shenzhen Kangmai                                      PRC           PRC          N/A        50.00%   Research and
          Biotechnology Co., Ltd. (Note ii)                                                                   development of
                                                                                                              antibodies medicines

         Eye Tech Care (Note iii)                             France        France       36.21%      36.17%   Research and
                                                                                                               development of
                                                                                                               therapeutic ultrasound
                                                                                                               device

         PharmaGend Global Medical                          Singapore      Singapore     41.98%      41.98%   Production of
          Services Pte. Ltd (“PharmaGend”) (formerly                                                          medicines and sale
          known as Rxilient Biohub                                                                            of drugs
          Pte. Ltd (Note iv))

         Notes:
         (i)    As the Group is able to exercise significant influence over Tibet Pharmaceutical in both
                years, it is accounted for as an associate of the Group. Included in the cost of investment
                in Tibet Pharmaceutical as at 31 December 2025, there is a goodwill of approximately
                RMB1,654,481,000 (2024: RMB1,654,481,000).
                As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, no impairment indicator on interest in Tibet Pharmaceutical
                and no impairment assessment was carried out.
                                                                                     CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED              126
                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      17. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES/A JOINT VENTURE - continued
            (a)   Interests in associates - continued

                  Notes: - continued

                  (ii)    The Group owns 50.00% of equity interest in Shenzhen Kangmai Biotechnology Co., Ltd
                          (“Shenzhen Kangmai”), however, the Group appointed one director out of three directors and
                          is able to exercise significant influence over Shenzhen Kangmai. On 7 August 2025, Shenzhen
                          Kangmai has ceased its business.

                          At the time of the cessation of business of Shenzhen Kangmai, the carrying amount of interest
                          in an associate related to Shenzhen Kangmai was RMB12,308,000. The consideration received
                          by the Group includes the cash and cash equivalents balance of RMB 1,208,000 at the time
                          of cessation, as well as the compensation payment of RMB 6,800,000 received from the other
                          shareholder of Shenzhen Kangmai. The investment on Shenzhen Kangmai was disposed,
                          resulting in a disposal loss of RMB 4,300,000.

                  (iii)   As the Group is able to exercise significant influence over Eye Tech Care (“ETC”) in both years,
                          it is accounted for as an associate of the Group. As at 31 December 2025, included in the
                          investment cost, there is a goodwill of approximately RMB48,075,000 (2024: RMB68,075,000)
                          arising from the investment in ETC.

                          The Group performed impairment assessment on the interest in ETC, an associate of the Group.
                          As at 31 December 2025 impairment indicator was observed and the Group engaged a third
                          party qualified valuer to perform the valuation. Determining whether impairment loss should be
                          recognised requires an estimation of the recoverable amount of the relevant associate which
                          is the higher of value in use and fair value less costs of disposal. The recoverable amount of
                          the Group’s interest in ETC has been determined based on a value in use calculation. The
                          recoverable amount is based on certain key assumptions including discount rate and the
                          estimated cash flows. The value in use calculation uses cash flow projections based on financial
                          forecasts approved by management covering a 5-year period with a pre-tax discount rate of
                          22.0% (2024:21.2%). Cash flow projections beyond the 5-year period are extrapolated using
                          a steady 2% (2024:2%) growth rate. This growth rate does not exceed the average long-
                          term growth rate for the relevant industry in which the business of ETC operates. Cash flow
                          projections during the forecast period for ETC are also based on management’s estimation of
                          cash inflows/outflows including gross revenue, gross margin, operating expenses and working
                          capital requirements during the forecast period. The assumptions and estimations are based on
                          ETC’s past performance, management’s expectations of the market development. Due to the
                          continuing unfavourable market conditions, ETC faced a lower than expected demand during the
                          year ended 31 December 2025, its financial performance is less satisfactory than expected. As a
                          result, an impairment loss of RMB20,000,000 (2024:RMB100,000,000) has been recognised in
                          respect of the Group’s interest in ETC during the year ended 31 December 2025.




127   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                  (CONTINUED)
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




17. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES/A JOINT VENTURE - continued
   (a)   Interests in associates - continued

         Notes: - continued

         (iv)   During the year ended 31 December 2024 and 2025, PharmaGend has increased its share
                capital from US$30,000,000 to US$50,000,000 and then US$50,000,000 to US$100,000,000,
                respectively and the Group and other shareholders of PharmaGend have made capital injection
                into PharmaGend in proportion to the original equity interest held by them.

                Summarised financial information of associates

                Summarised financial information in respect of each of the Group’s associates is set out below.
                The summarised financial information below represents amounts shown in the associate’s
                financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards. All of these
                associates are accounted for using the equity method in these consolidated financial statements.

                Tibet Pharmaceutical
                                                                               31.12.2025          31.12.2024
                                                                                 RMB’000             RMB’000

                Current assets                                                  4,637,317           3,569,908

                Non-current assets                                              1,630,071           1,177,430

                Current liabilities                                             (1,640,126)           (766,571)

                Non-current liabilities                                          (489,780)             (28,662)

                                                                                    2025                2024
                                                                                 RMB’000             RMB’000

                Revenue                                                         2,981,538           2,806,713

                Profit for the year                                               937,931           1,051,288

                Other comprehensive (expense) income for the year                  (18,052)            16,352

                Total comprehensive income for the year                           919,879           1,067,640

                Dividends received from the associate during the year             225,276             184,691


                Reconciliation of the above summarised financial information to the carrying amount of the
                interest in the associate recognised in the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                        CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED      128
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      17. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES/A JOINT VENTURE - continued
            (a)   Interests in associates - continued

                  Summarised financial information of associates – continued

                  Tibet Pharmaceutical - continued

                                                                                            31.12.2025            31.12.2024
                                                                                              RMB’000               RMB’000

                    Net assets of Tibet Pharmaceutical                                        4,137,482            3,952,105
                    Non-controlling interests                                                  (339,052)              (34,289)

                                                                                              3,798,430            3,917,816
                    Proportion of the Group’s ownership interest in
                     Tibet Pharmaceutical                                                       37.36%                37.36%

                                                                                              1,419,093            1,463,696
                    Goodwill                                                                  1,654,481            1,654,481
                    Effect of fair value adjustment at acquisition                               32,861               32,861
                    Effect of deferred tax relating to fair value adjustment
                     at acquisition                                                                (8,215)              (8,215)
                    Effect of redemption liabilities adjustment (Note)                          162,911                      -
                    Other adjustments                                                            (13,649)             (11,357)

                    Carrying amount of the Group’s interest in Tibet Pharmaceutical           3,247,482            3,131,466

                    Note: Recognition of redemption liabilities arising from redemption rights embedded in preferred shares
                          held by non-controlling interest holders in a subsidiary acquired through a business combination,
                          including the initial measurement of the liability at amortization cost and the related interest over
                          the expected settlement period.

                    ETC
                                                                                            31.12.2025            31.12.2024
                                                                                              RMB’000               RMB’000

                    Current assets                                                               66,576               85,417

                    Non-current assets                                                           15,054               13,870

                    Current liabilities                                                         (22,919)              (22,253)

                    Non-current liabilities                                                       (5,773)             (12,530)




129   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    (CONTINUED)
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




17. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES/A JOINT VENTURE - continued
   (a)   Interests in associates - continued

         Summarised financial information of associates - continued

         ETC – continued

                                                                                      2025                 2024
                                                                                   RMB’000              RMB’000

         Revenue                                                                      1,124                 1,604

         Loss for the year                                                           (29,040)             (31,272)

         Other comprehensive income for the year                                        488                  146

         Total comprehensive loss for the year                                       (28,552)             (31,126)


         Reconciliation of the above summarised financial information to the carrying amount of the interest in the
         associate recognised in the consolidated financial statements.

                                                                                31.12.2025            31.12.2024
                                                                                  RMB’000               RMB’000

         Net assets of ETC                                                           52,938               64,504
         Proportion of the Group’s ownership interest in ETC                        36.21%               36.17%
                                                                                      19,169              23,331
         Goodwill                                                                   168,075              168,075
         Impairment loss recognised                                                (120,000)            (100,000)
         Exchange adjustment of goodwill                                              33,844              16,441
         Effect of fair value adjustment at acquisition                               24,841              24,841
         Others                                                                      (10,049)              (7,288)
         Carrying amount of the Group’s interest in ETC                             115,880              125,400


         Aggregate information of associates that are nor individually material

                                                                                31.12.2025            31.12.2024
                                                                                  RMB’000               RMB’000

         The Group’s share of losses and total comprehensive
          expense for the year                                                       (98,731)             (40,513)




                                                                        CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         130
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      17. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES/A JOINT VENTURE - continued
            (b)   Interest in a joint venture

                                                                                              31.12.2025           31.12.2024
                                                                                                RMB’000              RMB’000

                    Cost of investment in a joint venture                                       220,161                 220,161
                    Share of post-acquisition (loss) profits and
                     other comprehension income net of dividends received                          (3,853)                5,643
                    Impairment loss on interest in a joint venture                               (44,000)               (44,000)
                                                                                                172,308                 181,804


                  Details of the Group’s joint venture at the end of the reporting period are as follows:


                                                            Place of    Principal   ownership interest
                                                         establishment/ place of      /voting rights
                    Name of joint venture                incorporation business held by the Group Principal activities
                                                                                       2025       2024

                    Hebei Xinglong Xili Pharmaceutical       PRC          PRC        52.01%      52.01% Production of
                     Co., Ltd. (“Xili Pharmaceutical”)                                                       medicines and sale
                                                                                                             of drugs

                  Summarised financial information of a joint venture

                  Summarised financial information in respect of the Group’s material joint venture is set out below.
                  The summarised financial information below represents amounts shown in the joint venture’s financial
                  statements prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards.

                  The joint venture is accounted for using the equity method in these consolidated financial statements.

                    Xili Pharmaceutical
                                                                                              31.12.2025           31.12.2024
                                                                                                RMB’000              RMB’000

                    Current assets                                                               90,258                 100,646
                    Non-current assets                                                           64,137                  69,807
                    Current liabilities                                                          (22,947)               (20,745)
                    Non-current liabilities                                                      (13,621)               (13,622)

                  The above amounts of assets and liabilities include the following:
                                                                                              31.12.2025           31.12.2024
                                                                                                RMB’000              RMB’000

                    Cash and cash equivalents                                                    23,342                  40,057



131   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                       (CONTINUED)
                                                                                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




17. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES/A JOINT VENTURE - continued
   (b)   Interest in a joint venture - continued

         Xili Pharmaceutical - continued

                                                                                           2025              2024
                                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000

         Revenue                                                                         119,275           130,535

         Profit for the year                                                               6,739             5,297

         Total comprehensive income for the year                                           6,739             5,297

         Dividends received from the joint venture during the year                        13,001                  -

         The above profit for the year includes the following:
         Depreciation and amortisation                                                     6,882             6,882

         Interest income                                                                      52                26

         Interest expense                                                                       -                 -

         Income tax expense                                                                (2,247)           (1,766)

         Reconciliation of the above summarised financial information to the carrying amount of the interest in
         the joint venture recognised in the consolidated financial statements:
                                                                                      31.12.2025        31.12.2024
                                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000

         Net assets of Xili Pharmaceutical                                               117,827           136,086
         Proportion of the Group’s ownership interest in Xili Pharmaceutical             52.01%            52.01%

                                                                                           61,282            70,778
         Goodwill                                                                        155,026           155,026
         Impairment loss recognised                                                       (44,000)          (44,000)

         Carrying amount of the Group’s interest in Xili Pharmaceutical                  172,308           181,804




                                                                               CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED   132
                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      18. INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                 Exclusive
                                                distribution      Patent    Product
                                                   rights         rights      rights    Others     Total
                                                 RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000   RMB’000
                                                   (Note a       (Note b)    (Note c)
                                                 & Note b(i))

            COST
            At 1 January 2024                    2,590,093       244,648    895,217       1,687   3,731,645
            Transfer from deposits
             paid for acquisition of
             intangible assets                     152,636              -      2,927          -    155,563
            Additions                              114,674              -          -          -    114,674
            At 31 December 2024                  2,857,403       244,648    898,144       1,687   4,001,882
            Transfer from deposits
             paid for acquisition of
             intangible assets                       87,405            -      62,821          -    150,226
            Disposal of a subsidiary(Note 40)             -      (38,706)          -          -     (38,706)
            At 31 December 2025                  2,944,808       205,942    960,965       1,687   4,113,402
            AMORTISATION
            At 1 January 2024                      889,173       135,148    400,548         331   1,425,200
            Charge for the year                    138,064         4,001     42,750         168     184,983
            At 31 December 2024                  1,027,237       139,149    443,298         499   1,610,183
            Charge for the year                    148,544         2,752     47,645         160     199,101
            At 31 December 2025                  1,175,781       141,901    490,943         659   1,809,284
            IMPAIRMENT LOSS
            At 1 January 2024,
            31 December 2024 and 2025                32,755       57,598           -          -     90,353
            CARRYING VALUES
            At 31 December 2025                  1,736,272         6,443    470,022       1,028   2,213,765
            At 31 December 2024                  1,797,411        47,901    454,846       1,188   2,301,346




133   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                           (CONTINUED)
                                                                                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




18. INTANGIBLE ASSETS - continued
   Notes:

   (a)      Exclusive distribution rights

            (i)    On 9 March 2008, the Group entered into an exclusive distribution agreement and a
                   supplementary agreement (the “XinHuoSu Agreements”) with Tibet Pharmaceutical in connection
                   to a finished drug product (Lyophilized Recombinant Human Brain Natriuretic Peptide) which was
                   distributed in the PRC market under the trade name of XinHuoSu for a term of three years with
                   effect from 1 July 2008 to 30 June 2011.

                   Pursuant to the XinHuoSu Agreements, the Group obtained the exclusive distribution right of
                   XinHuoSu for nil consideration and committed to handle the Phase IV clinical trials of XinHuoSu
                   for 2,000 cases in the PRC to meet the drug safety standards set by the China Food and Drug
                   Administration. The drug, XinHuoSu, to be used in the 2,000 case clinical trials would be
                   provided by Tibet Pharmaceutical free of charge. All other costs of the 2,000 case clinical trials
                   should be borne by the Group.

                   In the opinion of the directors of the Company, the Group obtained the exclusive distribution
                   right of XinHuoSu on the basis that the Group should complete the clinical trials of XinHuoSu
                   and would bear all the costs of the clinical trials. Therefore, the costs incurred in clinical trials of
                   approximately RMB4,745,000 were capitalised as an intangible asset.

                   As at 31 December 2011, the exclusive distribution right was fully amortised.

            (ii)   On 23 August 2012, the Group entered into a product rights transfer agreement with an
                   independent third party (the “Seller”). According to the Agreement, Tianjin Kangzhe purchased
                   from the Seller the exclusive distribution rights of three Traditional Chinese Medicinal Products -
                   Yin Lian Qing Gan Ke Li, Xiang Fu Yi Xue Kou Fu Ye, Ma Jiang Jiao Nang (collectively referred to
                   as the “Three Products”) for a term of 20 years with effect from 23 August 2012 at a consideration
                   of RMB33,000,000. Tianjin Kangzhe exclusively promotes and sells the Three Products in the
                   PRC and the Seller is responsible for the production of the Three Products as required by Tianjin
                   Kangzhe and sells the Three Products exclusively to Tianjin Kangzhe.




                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           134
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      18. INTANGIBLE ASSETS - continued
            Notes:           - continued

            (a)      Exclusive distribution rights - continued

                     (ii)       - continued

                                During the year ended 31 December 2016, as the market base of the Three Products was
                                relatively weak and the actual sales of the Three Products was lower than previously expected,
                                there was an impairment indicator. Management performed an impairment assessment by
                                estimating the recoverable amount of the Three Products. The recoverable amount of the
                                Three Products had been determined from a value in use, based on the expected free cash
                                flow up to the end of the exclusive distribution right at a discount rate of 11%. The recoverable
                                amount of approximately RMB5,850,000 was lower than the carrying amount of approximately
                                RMB25,850,000, an impairment loss of RMB20,000,000 was recognised for the year ended 31
                                December 2016.

                                During the year ended 31 December 2019, the management considered that there is an
                                impairment indicator on the carrying amount of the Three Products as the actual sales of the
                                Three Products was lower than previously expected. Management performed an impairment
                                assessment by estimating the recoverable amount of Three Products. The recoverable amount
                                of the Three products has been determined from a value in use, based on the expected free
                                cash flow up to the end of the exclusive distribution right as at a discount rate of 11% and an
                                impairment loss of RMB4,730,000 was recognised for the year ended 31 December 2019.

                                During the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, management reviews the performance
                                of the Three Products and concludes that there is no indication that the impairment losses
                                previously recognised no longer exist or have decreased.

                                As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the exclusive distribution rights are fully impaired.

                     (iii)      On 26 February 2016, the Group entered into an exclusive license agreement with an
                                independent third party, pursuant to which an exclusive license was granted to the Group for the
                                commercialisation of Plendil (Felodipine Sustained Release Tablet) in the PRC, at a consideration
                                of US$310,000,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB2,029,012,000). US$155,000,000 had
                                been paid in 2016 and the remaining balance of US$155,000,000 had been paid in 2017. As
                                at 31 December 2025, the carrying amount of the exclusive distribution right was approximately
                                RMB1,031,414,000 (2024: RMB1,132,865,000).

                                Under the exclusive license agreement, the Group has agreed to meet certain pre-agreed annual
                                sales target in relation to the sales of Pendil in the PRC for the first three years of the term of the
                                exclusive license agreement from years ended 31 December 2016 to 2018 and the annual sales
                                target of respective years has been met. No additional annual sales target is required under the
                                exclusive license agreement during the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024.

                                The expected useful life of the exclusive license right is 20 years.


135   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                           (CONTINUED)
                                                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




18. INTANGIBLE ASSETS - continued
   Notes:          - continued

   (a)      Exclusive distribution rights - continued

            (iv)      The Group acquired 100% of equity interest in Luqa Ventures Co., Limited (“Luqa”) on 1 February
                      2021. This included the acquisition of the exclusive agency rights of prescription medical aesthetic
                      products including Aethoxysklerol and other aesthetic medical drugs. The exclusive agency rights
                      were measured at their fair values at the date of acquisition and the valuation of the intangible
                      assets was performed by an independent valuer.

                      The fair value of the exclusive agency rights at the date of acquisition was determined based on
                      the royalty rate method by capitalising future royalty income which a market participant would be
                      willing to pay to use the exclusive agency rights for the remaining term of the exclusive agency
                      rights. As at the acquisition date, the exclusive agency rights of prescription medical aesthetic
                      products owned by Luqa amounted to RMB101,509,000. As at 31 December 2025, the carrying
                      amount was approximately RMB43,642,000 (2024: RMB52,365,000).

                      The expected useful lives of the exclusive agency rights are ranging from 2 years to 10 years.

            (v)       On 27 June 2019, the Group entered into an exclusive license agreement with an independent
                      third party, pursuant to which an exclusive license was granted to the Group for the
                      commercialisation of Tildrakizumab Injection in the PRC, at a consideration of US$32,000,000
                      (equivalent to approximately RMB221,687,000). During the year ended 31 December 2023,
                      regulatory approval of Tildrakizumab Injection has been obtained from the National Medical
                      Products Administration of the People’s Republic of China (“NMPA”) and the related deposits
                      paid for acquisition of the exclusive distribution right has been transferred to intangible assets
                      accordingly. As at 31 December 2025, the carrying amount of the exclusive distribution right under
                      intangible assets was of approximately RMB265,512,000 (2024: RMB280,331,000).

            (vi)      On 3 December 2020, the Group entered into an exclusive license agreement with an
                      independent third party, pursuant to which an exclusive license was granted to the Group for
                      the commercialisation of Methylthioninium Chloride Cosmo in the PRC, at a consideration of
                      approximately RMB105,291,000. During the year ended 31 December 2024, regulatory approval
                      of Methylthioninium Chloride Cosmo has been obtained from the NMPA. The related deposits
                      paid for acquisition of the exclusive distribution right of approximately RMB105,291,000 has been
                      transferred to intangible assets accordingly. As at 31 December 2025, the carrying amount of the
                      exclusive distribution right under intangible assets was of approximately RMB99,149,000(2024:
                      RMB104,414,000).




                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          136
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      18. INTANGIBLE ASSETS - continued
            Notes:            - continued

            (a)      Exclusive distribution rights - continued

                     (vii)       On 2 February 2024, the Group entered into a novation agreement with independent third parties,
                                 pursuant to which an exclusive license was novated to the Group for the commercialisation of
                                 sucroferric oxyhydroxide chewable tablets in the PRC, at a consideration of USD15,000,000 and
                                 CHF1,000,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB114,674,000). As at 31 December 2025, the
                                 carrying amount of the exclusive distribution right under intangible assets was of approximately
                                 RMB104,639,000 (2024: RMB110,372,000).

                     (viii)      The Group entered into an exclusive license agreement with an independent third party, pursuant
                                 to which an exclusive license was granted to the Group for the commercialisation of the injectable
                                 poly-L-lactic acid microsphere filler Lichenran in the PRC. This product was approved for market
                                 launch in China in July 2025. As at 31 December 2025, the carrying amount of the exclusive
                                 distribution right was approximately RMB45,597,000.

            (b)      Acquisition of exclusive distribution rights and patent rights

                     (i)         The Group acquired 100% of equity interest in Great Move Enterprises Limited (“Great Move”)
                                 and 51% of equity interest in Guangxi Kangzhe Guangming Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Kangzhe
                                 Guangming”) on 3 April 2011 and 30 April 2011, respectively. This included the acquisition of
                                 exclusive distribution rights and patent rights for the sales of several products. The exclusive
                                 distribution rights and patent rights were measured at their fair values at the date of acquisition
                                 and the valuation of the intangible assets was performed by Vigers Appraisal & Consulting Limited,
                                 an independent valuer.

                                 The fair value of the patent rights at the date of acquisition was determined based on the royalty
                                 rate method by capitalising future royalty income which a market participant would be willing to
                                 pay to use the patents for the remaining term of the patent right. The fair value of the exclusive
                                 distribution rights at the date of acquisition was determined based on the multi-period excess
                                 earnings method by capitalising future cash flows derived from the intangible assets for the
                                 remaining term of the distribution rights.




137   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                          (CONTINUED)
                                                                                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




18. INTANGIBLE ASSETS - continued
   Notes:          - continued

   (b)      Acquisition of exclusive distribution rights and patent rights - continued

            (i)       - continued

                      As at the acquisition date, the major patent rights owned by Tianjin Kangzhe, the wholly owned
                      subsidiary of Great Move, represented YiNuoShu and ShaDuoLiKa amounting to RMB137,917,000
                      and RMB8,287,000, respectively and the exclusive distribution rights owned by Tianjin Kangzhe
                      amounted to RMB39,350,000.

                      During the year ended 31 December 2020, the management considers that there is an impairment
                      indicator on the carrying amount of YiNuoShu as there is adverse change in the Group’s market
                      shares in selling YiNuoShu. Therefore, a full impairment loss of RMB57,598,000 was recognised
                      for the year ended 31 December 2020.

                      During the year ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, management reviews the performance of
                      YiNuoShu and concludes that there is no indication that the impairment loss previously recognised
                      no longer exist or have decreased.

                      As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the carrying amounts of patent rights of YiNuoShu,
                      ShaDuoLiKa and other exclusive distribution rights owned by Tianjin Kangzhe were RMB nil, nil
                      and nil, respectively.

                      The Group also acquired the exclusive distribution right and patent right of XiDaKang amounting
                      to RMB5,813,000 and RMB7,715,000, respectively through the acquisition of a former subsidiary,
                      Kangzhe Guangming. As at 31 December 2025, the carrying amount of the exclusive distribution
                      right and patent right of XiDaKang were approximately RMB700,000 and RMB557,000,
                      respectively (2024: RMB1,000,000 and RMB787,000).

                      The expected useful lives of the exclusive distribution rights and patent rights are ranging from 1
                      year to 17 years.

            (ii)      On 27 December 2013, the Group entered into a transfer agreement with the shareholders of non-
                      controlling interests of Kangzhe Guangming (the “Sellers”) in connection with the transfer of the
                      patent right of XiDaKang at a consideration of RMB40,000,000. The Sellers, who directly held
                      49% equity interest of Kangzhe Guangming, agreed to transfer the 49% interest in the patent right
                      of XiDaKang to Kangzhe Hunan, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. The consideration
                      will be settled by the first payment of RMB30,000,000 and annual payment of RMB1,000,000 to
                      the Kangzhe Guangming over the next ten years. The directors of the Company recognised the
                      payable as a deferred consideration payable in the amount of RMB6,145,000 at initial recognition
                      which represents the present value of the annual consideration of RMB1,000,000 over next ten
                      years discounted at 10%.

                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         138
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      18. INTANGIBLE ASSETS - continued
            Notes:           - continued

            (b)      Acquisition of exclusive distribution rights and patent rights - continued

                     (ii)       - continued

                                Pursuant to the transfer agreement, the 51% interest in the patent right of XiDaKang was also
                                transferred from Kangzhe Guangming to Kangzhe Hunan. Starting from 27 December 2013,
                                Kangzhe Hunan has replaced Kangzhe Guangming as the patent right owner of XiDaKang. As at
                                31 December 2025, the carrying amount of the patent right was approximately RMB 5,884,000
                                (2024: RMB8,405,000).

                                The expected useful lives of the patent right is 14 years.

                     (iii)      The Group acquired 100% of equity interest in Kangzhe Lengshuijiang Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
                                (formerly known as Sinopharm Traditional Chinese Medicine Lengshuijiang Pharmaceutical Co.,
                                Ltd.) (“Kangzhe Lengshuijiang”) on February 2013. This included the acquisition of the patent
                                right of GanFuLe. The patent right was measured at their fair values at the date of acquisition and
                                the valuation of the intangible assets was performed by Vigers Appraisal & Consulting Limited, an
                                independent valuer.

                                The fair value of the patent right at the date of acquisition was determined based on the royalty
                                rate method by capitalising future royalty income which a market participant would be willing to
                                pay to use the patents for the remaining term of the patent right. As at the acquisition date, the
                                patent right of GanFule owned by Kangzhe Lengshuijiang amounted to RMB16,005,000.

                                During the year ended 31 December 2016, Kangzhe Lengshuijiang was deregistered and merged
                                with Kangzhe Hunan. The assets and liabilities held by Kangzhe Lengshuijiang were transferred
                                to Kangzhe Hunan at the time of merger and Kangzhe Hunan is responsible for the production of
                                GanFuLe after the merger. As at 31 December 2025, the carrying amount of the patent right of
                                GanFuLe was fully amortised.

                     (iv)       The Group acquired 52.01% of equity interest in Xili Pharmaceutical on 16 February 2015. This
                                included the acquisition of the patent right of DanShenTong. The patent right was measured at
                                their fair values at the date of acquisition and the valuation of the intangible assets was performed
                                by Vigers Appraisal & Consulting Limited, an independent valuer.




139   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                            (CONTINUED)
                                                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




18. INTANGIBLE ASSETS - continued
   Notes:          - continued

   (b)      Acquisition of exclusive distribution rights and patent rights - continued

            (iv)      - continued

                      The fair value of the patent right at the date of acquisition was determined based on the royalty
                      rate method by capitalising future royalty income which a market participant would be willing to
                      pay to use the patents for the remaining term of the patent right. As at the acquisition date, the
                      patent right of DanShenTong owned by Xili Pharmaceutical, amounted to RMB114,489,000. The
                      expected useful live of the patent right is 18 years.

                      In February 2023, the patent right of DanShenTong was disposed through the deemed disposal of
                      Xili Pharmaceutical.

            (v)       The Group acquired 64.81% of equity interest in Shanghai Carnation Medical Technology Co.,
                      Ltd. (“Carnation”) on 8 June 2021. This included the acquisition of the patent right of a medical
                      aesthetic device, FUBA5200 Focused Ultrasound Body Contouring System. The patent right was
                      measured at its fair value at the date of acquisition and the valuation of the intangible assets was
                      performed by Vigers Appraisal & Consulting Limited, an independent valuer.

                      The fair value of the patent right at the date of acquisition was determined based on the royalty
                      rate method by capitalising future royalty income which a market participant would be willing to pay
                      to use the patent right for the remaining term of the patent right. As at the acquisition date, the
                      patent right of the medical aesthetic device owned by Carnation amounted to RMB38,706,000.
                      During the year ended 31 December 2025, this patent right was disposal as part of a disposal of
                      subsidiary. For details, please refer to Note 40. The expected useful life of the patent rights is 10
                      years.

   (c)      Acquisition of product rights

            (i)       On 1 July 2014, the Group entered into a series of agreements related to Stulln with an independent
                      third party in connection with the transfer of all assets related to Stulln for the Chinese market
                      (including Hong Kong and Macau Special Administration Regions (“SAR”)), including but not limited
                      to the right of manufacturing Stulln for the Chinese market, marketing authorisation for the Chinese
                      market and relevant intellectual property rights, including trademark in Chinese characters and
                      know-how of Stulln, and has been licensed the exclusive right to utilise the trademark in English
                      characters, at a consideration of EUR10,000,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB72,317,000).
                      During the year ended 31 December 2014, the residual balance of the exclusive agency right of
                      Stulln of approximately RMB14,625,000 was transferred to product right accordingly. As at 31
                      December 2025, the carrying amount of the product right was approximately RMB32,437,000
                      (2024: RMB36,253,000).The expected useful life of the product right is 20 years.


                                                                               CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          140
                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      18. INTANGIBLE ASSETS - continued
            Notes:           - continued

            (c)      Acquisition of product rights - continued

                     (ii)       On 17 December 2014, the Group entered into a series of agreements related to Lamisil Tablet
                                and Parlodel Tablet (the “Products”) with two independent third parties, the suppliers of the
                                Products in Switzerland in connection with the transfer of all assets related to the Products,
                                including the drug production license of Lamisil Tablet, co-marketing authorisation in Switzerland
                                and imported drug license in China of Parlodel Tablet, all know-how, books and records,
                                commercial and medical information exclusively to the Products for Chinese market (For Lamisil
                                Tablet, Chinese market refers to Chinese Mainland; For Parlodel Tablet, Chinese market refers
                                to Chinese Mainland and Hong Kong SAR and Taiwan), at a consideration of US$25,000,000
                                (equivalent to approximately RMB152,972,000). As at 31 December 2025, the carrying amount
                                was approximately RMB73,053,000 (2024: RMB81,170,000).

                                The expected useful life of the product rights is 20 years.

                     (iii)      On 25 March 2015, the Group entered into a series of agreements related to Combizym and
                                Hirudoid (the “Purchased Products”) with an independent third party in connection with the
                                purchase of (i) all trademarks regarding the Purchased Products; (ii) all market authorisations or
                                similar licenses, certificates or approvals regarding the Purchased Products and all rights, benefits
                                or other interests obtained; (iii) the exclusive right and title to develop, manufacture, register, apply
                                for registration, import, market, distribute, sell or otherwise use and/or exploit the Purchased
                                Products; and (iv) all books and records, commercial information and medical information related
                                to the Purchased Products, with respect to Combizym in China, Hong Kong and Switzerland, and
                                certain other designated countries or areas in Asia, and with respect to Hirudoid in China, at a
                                consideration of Swiss Franc (“CHF”) 76,600,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB486,019,000).
                                As at 31 December 2025, the carrying amount was approximately RMB237,644,000 (2024:
                                RMB263,335,000).

                                The expected useful life of the product rights is 20 years.

                     (iv)       On 30 December 2014, the Group entered into an agreement related to Movicol (the “Product”)
                                with an independent third party in connection with the purchase of the right to import, register,
                                market, distribute, promote and sell the Product in the PRC including Hong Kong and Macau
                                (the “Product Right”), at a consideration of EUR9,000,000 (equivalent to approximately
                                RMB72,100,000), and such consideration has been recognised as deposit paid for acquisition of
                                intangible asset as the Product is still under approval by the regulatory body. During the year ended
                                31 December 2019, the commercialisation of the Product has been approved by relevant regulatory
                                body and therefore, the deposit has been transferred to intangible assets as it is probable that
                                the expected future economic benefits that are attributable to the Product Right will flow to the
                                Group. As at 31 December 2025, the carrying amount was approximately RMB46,865,000 (2024:
                                RMB50,470,000). The expected useful life of the product rights is 20 years.

141   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                          (CONTINUED)
                                                                                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




18. INTANGIBLE ASSETS - continued
   Notes:         - continued

   (c)      Acquisition of product rights - continued

            (v)      The Group entered into an entrusted development agreement with an independent third party,
                     pursuant to which the Group obtained all the rights including but not limited to results of research
                     and development, registration, production and commercialisation of the product Irbesartan/
                     Amlodipine Besilate. This product was approved for market launch in China in 2025. As at 31
                     December 2025, the carrying amount of the product right was approximately RMB45,833,000.


19. GOODWILL
                                                                                                              RMB’000

    COST
    At 1 January 2024 and 31 December 2024                                                                   1,717,903
    Disposal of a subsidiary (Note 40)                                                                          (36,642)
    At 31 December 2025                                                                                      1,681,261
    IMPAIRMENT LOSS
    At 1 January 2024,31 December 2024 and 2025                                                                170,000

    CARRYING VALUES
    At 31 December 2024                                                                                      1,547,903
    At 31 December 2025                                                                                      1,511,261


   For the purposes of impairment testing, the entire amount of goodwill has been allocated to seven (2024:
   eight) CGUs, representing seven (2024: eight) subsidiaries, namely Tianjin Kangzhe, Kangzhe Hunan, Sky
   United Trading Limited (“Sky United”), Tibet Kangzhe Development, Luqa, Xuli and Heling Medical (Guangzhou)
   Company Limited (“Heling”). Tianjin Kangzhe is engaged in marketing, promotion and sale of drugs. Sky United
   and Tibet Kangzhe Development are engaged in trading of drugs. Kangzhe Hunan is engaged in production of
   medicines. Luqa and Xuli are engaged in sales of medical aesthetic products. Heling is engaged in research,
   development and production of skincare products. The carrying amounts of goodwill (net of accumulated
   impairment losses) allocated to these units are as follows:




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          142
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      19. GOODWILL - continued
                                                                                            2025                2024
                                                                                         RMB’000             RMB’000

            Tianjin Kangzhe                                                               990,333             990,333
            Kangzhe Hunan                                                                  21,295              21,295
            Sky United                                                                      2,963               2,963
            Tibet Kangzhe Development                                                       1,854               1,854
            Luqa                                                                          460,002             460,002
            Xuli                                                                           30,576              30,576
            Heling                                                                          4,238               4,238
            Carnation                                                                           -              36,642
                                                                                        1,511,261           1,547,903


            The recoverable amounts of Tianjin Kangzhe, Kangzhe Hunan, Sky United, Tibet Kangzhe Development, Luqa,
            Xuli and Heling are determined based on value in use calculations. The key assumptions for the value in use
            calculations are those regarding the discount rates, growth rates and expected changes to selling prices and
            direct costs during the year. Management estimates discount rates using pre-tax rates that reflect current
            market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the CGUs. The growth rates are
            based on industry growth forecasts. Changes in selling prices and direct costs are based on past performance
            and expectations of future changes in the market.

            Tianjin Kangzhe

            At 31 December 2025, the impairment review is determined based on cash flow projections which were
            derived from the financial budgets approved by management covering a five-year period, with a discount rate
            of 15.1% (2024: 12.6%). Tianjin Kangzhe’s cash flows beyond the five-year period are extrapolated using a
            growth rate of 2% (2024: 2%). This growth rate is based on management’s best estimate and past experience
            on the industry.

            During the year ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, no impairment loss was recognised.

            Kangzhe Hunan

            At 31 December 2025, the impairment review is determined based on cash flow projections which were
            derived from the financial budgets approved by management covering a five-year period, with a discount rate
            of 11.0% (2024: 11.0%). Kangzhe Hunan’s cash flows beyond the five-year period are extrapolated using a
            growth rate of 2% (2024: 2%). This growth rate is based on management’s best estimate and past experience
            on the industry.

            During the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, no impairment loss was recognised.




143   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                  (CONTINUED)
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




19. GOODWILL - continued
   Luqa

   At 31 December 2025, the impairment review is determined based on cash flow projections which were
   derived from the financial budgets approved by management covering a five-year period, with a discount rate
   of 15.6% (2024: 14.8%). Luqa’s cash flows beyond the five-year period are extrapolated using a growth rate of
   2% (2024: 2%). This growth rate is based on management’s best estimate and past experience on the industry.
   During the year ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, no impairment loss was recognised.

   Xuli

   At 31 December 2025, the impairment review is determined based on cash flow projections which were derived
   from the financial budgets approved by management covering a five-year period, with a discount rate of 13.3%
   (2024: 13.3%). Xuli’s cash flows beyond the five-year period are extrapolated using a growth rate of 2% (2024:
   2%). This growth rate is based on management’s best estimate and past experience on the industry. During
   the year ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, no impairment loss was recognised.

   The goodwill of Sky United, Tibet Kangzhe Development and Heling was immaterial as at the end of both
   reporting periods. No impairment loss was recognised for both years.

   Carnation

   At 31 December 2024, the impairment review is determined based on cash flow projections which were
   derived from the financial budgets approved by management covering a five-year period, with a discount rate
   of 24.4%. Carnation’s cash flows beyond the five-year period are extrapolated using a growth rate of 2%. This
   growth rate is based on management’s best estimate and past experience on the industry. During the year
   ended 31 December 2024, no impairment loss was recognised. During the year ended 31 December 2025,
   Carnation was disposed and for details regarding the disposal of subsidiaries, please refer to Note 40.


20. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR
    LOSS/EQUITY INSTRUMENTS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER
    COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
    (a)   Financial assets at FVTPL
                                                                                    2025                 2024
                                                                                 RMB’000              RMB’000
          Listed investments:
          Equity securities listed on the Hong Kong Stock
           Exchange (the “HKEX”) (Note i)                                            7,704                2,474
          Unlisted investments:
          Capital funds (Note ii)                                                1,174,198             926,124
          Equity securities (Note iii)                                           1,727,280           1,051,789
          Convertible bond (Note iv)                                               175,720             179,710
                                                                                 3,077,198           2,157,623
          Total                                                                  3,084,902           2,160,097




                                                                       CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        144
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      20. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR
          LOSS/EQUITY INSTRUMENTS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER
          COMPREHENSIVE INCOME - continued
            (a)     Financial assets at FVTPL - continued

                    Notes:

                    (i)      The listed equity investment represents ordinary shares of two entities listed on the HKEX.(2024:
                             one entity) . These investment is held for trading, and its fair value is based on the quoted market
                             price. During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group invested RMB3,536,000 into listed
                             equity investment (2024: Nil). As at 31 December 2025, the fair values of the equity investments
                             amounted to RMB7,704,000, and a gain on change in fair value of RMB1,694,000 has been
                             recognised in profit and loss (2024: a fair value loss of RMB128,000).

                    (ii)     During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group further invested approximately RMB
                             224,455,000 (2024: RMB97,145,000) into various capital funds. During the year ended 31
                             December 2025, the Group disposed investment in a capital fund amounted to RMB14,478,000
                             (2024: RMB6,007,000). As at 31 December 2025, the fair values of these capital funds amounted
                             to RMB 1,174,198,000 (2024: RMB926,124,000), and a gain on change in fair value of RMB
                             38,097,000 (2024: a loss of RMB8,204,000) has been recognised in profit and loss.

                    (iii)    During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group further invested approximately
                             RMB480,305,000 (2024: RMB68,129,000) in various unlisted equity investments. As at 31
                             December 2025, the fair values of the equity investments amounted to RMB1,727,280,000 (2024:
                             RMB 1,051,789,000), and a gain on change in fair value of RMB 195,186,000 (2024: a loss of
                             RMB2,806,000) has been recognised in profit and loss.

                    (iv)     During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group further invested approximately Nil (2024:
                             RMB177,598,000) in a convertible bond. As at 31 December 2025, the fair values of the
                             convertible bond amounted to RMB 175,720,000 (2024: RMB179,710,000), and a loss on change
                             in fair value of RMB3,990,000 (2024: a gain of RMB2,113,000) has been recognised in profit and
                             loss.

            (b)     Equity instruments at FVTOCI

                                                                                                   2025                  2024
                                                                                                RMB’000               RMB’000
            Listed investments:
            Equity securities listed on
               National Association of Securities Dealers Automated
               Quotations (the “NASDAQ”) (Note i)                                                        -                   20
                                                                                                         -                   20
            Unlisted investments:
            Equity securities (Note ii)                                                          357,593               129,763
            Total                                                                                357,593               129,783




145   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    (CONTINUED)
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




20. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR
    LOSS/EQUITY INSTRUMENTS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER
    COMPREHENSIVE INCOME - continued
   (b)   Equity instruments at FVTOCI - continued

         The directors of the Company have elected to designate these investments in equity instruments as at
         FVTOCI as they believe that recognising short-term fluctuations in these investments’ fair value in profit
         or loss would not be consistent with the Group’s strategy of holding these investments for long-term
         purposes and realising their performance potential in the long run.

         Notes:

         (i)      The listed equity investment represents ordinary shares of Biodexa Pharmaceuticals PLC
                  (“Biodexa”) listed on NASDAQ. The fair values are based on the quoted market price. The Group
                  invested approximately GBP4,000,000 (equivalent to RMB34,705,000) in Biodexa during year
                  ended 31 December 2019. During the year ended 31 December 2023, Biodexa transferred its
                  listing from LSE to NASDAQ. As at 31 December 2025, the fair value of Biodexa amounted to Nil
                  (2024: RMB20,000), and a loss on change in fair value of RMB20,000 (2024: a fair value gain of
                  RMB8,000) has been recognised in other comprehensive income.

         (ii)     The unlisted equity investments represent the Group’s equity interests in the various biotech/
                  pharmaceutical companies.

                  As at 31 December 2025, the fair values of the equity investments amounted to RMB357,593,000
                  (2024: RMB129,763,000). The fair values of the above unlisted equity investments were performed
                  by a professional independent valuer. During the year ended 31 December 2025, a gain on change
                  in fair value of RMB 227,830,000 (2024: a gain of RMB4,419,000) has been recognised in other
                  comprehensive income.


21. INVENTORIES
                                                                                     2025                  2024
                                                                                  RMB’000               RMB’000

   Raw materials                                                                     56,850               56,024
   Work in progress                                                                   7,759                3,595
   Finished goods                                                                   739,349              708,520
                                                                                    803,958              768,139




                                                                        CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         146
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      22. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES AND PREPAYMENTS
                                                                                                 2025                 2024
                                                                                              RMB’000              RMB’000

            Trade receivables                                                                1,599,130             1,232,012
            Less: Allowance for credit losses                                                   (11,256)               (9,533)
                                                                                             1,587,874             1,222,479
            Bills receivables                                                                  226,480               198,805
            Purchase prepayments                                                               261,226               204,617
            Other receivables and deposits                                                     182,986               154,582
                                                                                             2,258,566             1,780,483


            As at 1 January 2024, trade receivables from contracts with customers amounted to RMB1,146,738,000.

            The Group normally allows a credit period ranging from 0 to 90 days to its trade customers, but longer credit
            period up to four months is allowed to some selected customers.

            The following is an analysis of trade receivables by age, net of allowance for credit losses presented based on
            the dates of receipt of goods at the respective reporting dates, which approximate the revenue recognition
            dates and an analysis of bills receivables by age, net of allowance for credit losses, presented based on the bills
            issuance date at the end of the reporting period:

                                                                                                 2025                 2024
                                                                                              RMB’000              RMB’000

            Trade receivables
             0 - 90 days                                                                     1,543,981             1,186,892
             91 - 365 days                                                                      43,893                35,587
                                                                                             1,587,874             1,222,479


            Bills receivables
             0 - 90 days                                                                       123,833               133,854
             91 - 120 days                                                                      38,525                32,616
             121 - 180 days                                                                     64,122                32,335
                                                                                               226,480               198,805


            As at 31 December 2025, total bills receivables amounting to RMB226,480,000 (2024: RMB198,805,000) are
            held by the Group. All bills receivable by the Group are accepted by banks with a maturity period of less than
            six months.




147   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                  (CONTINUED)
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




22. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES AND PREPAYMENTS - continued
   As at 31 December 2025, included in the Group’s trade receivables balance are debtors with aggregate
   carrying amount of RMB4,587,000 (2024: RMB4,243,000) which are past due at the reporting date. RMB
   4,171,000 (2024: RMB525,000) was more than 90 days past due and is not considered as in default. Based
   on the historical experiences of the Group, trade receivables past due are generally recoverable due to the
   long-term relationship and good repayment record.

   The Group does not hold any collateral over these balances. Details of impairment assessment of trade and
   other receivables as at 31 December 2025 and 2024 are set out in Note 34.


23. DEPOSITS PAID FOR ACQUISITION OF INTANGIBLE ASSETS
   These deposits were paid to independent third parties not connected with the Group for certain exclusive
   distribution or product rights of medical products to be approved by relevant regulatory bodies for the
   sales in specific territories. During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group made approximately
   RMB473,374,000 (2024: RMB308,615,000) additional deposits in various medical products. During the
   year ended 31 December 2025, amount of RMB150,226,000 (2024: RMB155,563,000) of certain exclusive
   distribution or product rights have been transferred to intangible assets when regulatory approvals of the
   products have been obtained. During the year ended 31 December 2025, an impairment loss of RMB
   31,740,000 (2024: RMB1,152,000) was recognised in profit or loss.


24. AMOUNTS DUE FROM ASSOCIATES
   As at 31 December 2025, the balance of approximately RMB30,000,000 (2024: RMB30,000,000) was non-
   trade nature and non-interest bearing, represented deposit to Tibet Pharmaceutical for exclusive distribution
   right.

   As at 31 December 2025, the balance of approximately RMB448,493,000(2024: RMB284,088,000) was
   trade nature and non-interest bearing, represented promotion income receivables from Tibet Pharmaceutical
   and associates. The Group allows a credit period of 90 days to Tibet Pharmaceutical. The balance as at 31
   December 2025 was aged within three months (2024: within three months) based on the invoice date.




                                                                      CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        148
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      25. BANK BALANCES AND CASH
            Cash and cash equivalents/pledged/restricted bank deposits

            Cash and cash equivalents include short term deposits for the purpose of meeting the Group’s short term cash
            commitments, which carry interest at market rates range from 0.0001% to 3.60% (2024: 0.0001% to 4.47%).
            Included in bank balances mainly are the following amounts denominated in currencies other than functional
            currency of the relevant group entities:

                                                                                              2025                 2024
                                                                                           RMB’000              RMB’000

            Euro (“EUR”)                                                                     77,638              116,671
            Hong Kong Dollar (“HK$”)                                                         18,081               22,384
            United States Dollar (“US$”)                                                    864,876            1,457,783


            Details of the impairment of bank balances are set out in Note 34.


      26. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
            An aging analysis of the trade payables presented based on the invoice date at the end of the reporting periods
            is as follows:

                                                                                              2025                 2024
                                                                                           RMB’000              RMB’000

            0 - 90 days                                                                       99,938             135,883
            91 - 365 days                                                                      2,803               4,212
            Over 365 days                                                                      3,834               2,337
            Trade payables                                                                  106,575              142,432
            Payroll and welfare payables                                                    235,252              214,922
            Other tax payables                                                               85,087               27,416
            Accrued promotion expenses                                                       23,818               26,315
            Accruals                                                                         29,794               61,232
            Other payables                                                                   15,190               12,480
                                                                                            495,716              484,797


            The credit period on purchases of goods is ranging from 0 to 120 days.




149   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                         (CONTINUED)
                                                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




27. LEASE LIABILITIES
                                                                                          2025                  2024
                                                                                       RMB’000               RMB’000
   Lease liabilities payable:

   Within one year                                                                        16,597                16,933
   Within a period of more than one year
    but not more than two years                                                           10,743                 7,192
   Within a period of more than two years
    but not more than five years                                                          10,924                 5,318
                                                                                          38,264                29,443
   Less: Amount due for settlement with 12 months
          shown under current liabilities                                                (16,597)              (16,933)


   Amount due for settlement after 12 months shown under
    non-current liabilities                                                               21,667                12,510


   The weighted average incremental borrowing rate applied to lease liabilities is 4.75% for both years.


28. CONTRACT LIABILITIES
                                                                                          2025                  2024
                                                                                       RMB’000               RMB’000

   Receipts in advance from customers - finished goods                                    12,133                16,610


   As at 1 January 2024, contract liabilities amounted to RMB12,733,000.

   The following table shows how much of the revenue recognised in the current year relates to carried-forward
   contract liabilities.
                                                                                          2025                  2024
                                                                                       RMB’000               RMB’000
   Revenue recognised that was included in the contract
    liabilities balance at the beginning of the year                                      16,610                12,733


   When the Group receives a deposit from customers before the goods are delivered to and received by the
   customers, this will give rise to contract liabilities at the start of a contract, until the revenue recognised on the
   relevant contract exceeds the amount of the deposit.




                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           150
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      29. BANK BORROWINGS
                                                                                          2025                2024
                                                                                       RMB’000             RMB’000

            Bank loans                                                                  651,815             831,300
            Analysed as:
            Unsecured                                                                   650,033             831,300
            Secured                                                                       1,782                   -


                                                                                          2025                2024
                                                                                       RMB’000             RMB’000

            The carrying amounts of the above borrowings are repayable*:
             Within one year                                                            651,815             831,300
                                                                                        651,815             831,300
            Less: Amounts due within one year shown under current
             liabilities                                                                (651,815)          (831,300)
            Amounts shown under non-current liabilities                                        -                    -

            * The amounts due are based on scheduled repayment dates set out in the loan agreements.

            The ranges of effective interest rates (which are also equal to contractual interest rate) on the Group’s
            borrowings and their carrying values are as follows:
                                                                                          2025                2024
                                                                                       RMB’000             RMB’000
            Fixed-rate borrowing
             Denominated in RMB at fixed rate of 1.00%
               per annum as at 31 December 2025                                           8,000                    -
             Denominated in RMB at fixed rate of 1.10%
               per annum as at 31 December 2024                                                -             40,300
             Denominated in RMB at fixed rate of 1.35%
               per annum as at 31 December 2024                                                -             19,000
             Denominated in RMB at fixed rate of 1.90%
               per annum as at 31 December 2025                                         360,000                    -
             Denominated in RMB at fixed rate of 2.40%
               per annum as at 31 December 2025 and 2024                                270,000             185,000
             Denominated in RMB at fixed rate of 2.50%
               per annum as at 31 December 2025 and 2024                                  5,000             500,000
             Denominated in RMB at fixed rate of 2.51%
               per annum as at 31 December 2025                                           1,782                    -
             Denominated in RMB at fixed rate of 2.60%
               per annum as at 31 December 2024                                                -             87,000
            Denominated in RMB at fixed rate of 3.00%
               per annum as at 31 December 2025                                           7,033                    -
            Total                                                                       651,815             831,300



151   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                              (CONTINUED)
                                                                                     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




29. BANK BORROWINGS - continued
   As at 31 December 2025, the Group had unutilised banking facilities of approximately RMB 3,895,427,000
   (2024: RMB1,880,341,000). And approximately RMB 1,782,000 (2024: Nil)borrowings secured by land,
   property, plant and equipment.


30. DEFERRED TAX
   The following are the deferred tax assets (liabilities) recognised and movements thereon during the current and
   prior years:

                                                      Fair value
                                                    adjustments      Unrealised      Unrealised
                                                      to assets       profit of       profit of
                                        Unrealised     acquired        equity          equity
                                         profits on  in business    instruments     instruments    Tax
                                        inventories combinations     at FVTOCI        at FVTPL   losses  Others  Total
                                          RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000   RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000

   At 1 January 2024                       25,044        (10,205)       (63,964)        (34,804)   14,151    1,201     (68,577)
   Credit (charge) to profit or
    loss for the year (Note 11)             6,566         1,255               -          (8,391)    5,731        -      5,161

   At 31 December 2024                     31,610         (8,950)       (63,964)        (43,195)   19,882    1,201     (63,416)
   Credit (charge) to profit or
    loss for the year (Note 11)             3,890           (727)             -         (59,391)    4,389    1,082     (50,757)
   Disposal of a subsidiary (Note 40)           -         9,677               -               -    (1,911)       -       7,766

   At 31 December 2025                     35,500              -        (63,964)       (102,586)   22,360    2,283    (106,407)



   The following is the analysis of the deferred tax assets (liabilities) for financial reporting purposes:

                                                                                                2025                2024
                                                                                             RMB’000             RMB’000

   Deferred tax assets                                                                          58,795                 52,693
   Deferred tax liabilities                                                                   (165,202)              (116,109)
                                                                                              (106,407)               (63,416)


   At 31 December 2025, the Group had unused tax losses of approximately RMB955,149,000 (2024:
   RMB455,987,000) available for offset against future profits. A deferred tax asset has been recognised in respect
   of approximately RMB168,758,000 (2024: RMB138,603,000) of such losses. No deferred tax asset has been
   recognised in respect of the remaining approximately RMB786,391,000 (2024: RMB317,384,000) due to the
   unpredictability of future profit streams. Included in unrecognised tax losses at 31 December 2025 are tax
   losses of approximately RMB309,388,282 (2024: RMB73,650,000) that will expire within 5 years from the year
   of originating. Other tax losses may be carried forward indefinitely. During the year ended 31 December 2025,
   tax losses of approximately RMB1,086,000 (2024: RMB1,364,000) was expired.



                                                                                   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          152
                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      30. DEFERRED TAX - continued
            As at 31 December 2025, the Group had deductible temporary differences of RMB859,223,000 (2024:
            RMB844,095,000) available for offsetting against future profits. A deferred tax asset has been recognised
            in respect of RMB152,696,000 (2024: RMB126,436,000) of such deductible temporary difference. No
            deferred tax asset has been recognised in respect of the remaining balance of RMB706,527,000 (2024:
            RMB717,659,000) as it is not probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible
            temporary differences can be utilised.

            Under the EIT Law, withholding tax is imposed on dividends declared in respect of profits earned by the PRC
            subsidiary, from 1 January 2008 onwards. Deferred taxation has not been provided for in the consolidated
            financial statements in respect of temporary differences attributable to accumulated profits of the PRC
            subsidiaries amounting to RMB8,955,832,000 (2024: RMB7,753,081,000) as the Group is able to control the
            timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that the temporary differences will not
            reverse in the foreseeable future.


      31. SHARE CAPITAL
                                                                                         Number of
                                                                                            shares              Amount
                                                                                              ‘000             RMB’000
            Ordinary shares of US$0.005 each
            Authorised
            At 1 January 2024, 31 December 2024 and
             31 December 2025                                                           20,000,000              765,218
            Issued and fully paid
            At 1 January 2024                                                             2,451,989              83,991
            Shares repurchased and cancelled (Note)                                          (12,460)              (427)
            At 31 December 2024 and 2025                                                  2,439,529              83,564


            Note: During the year ended 31 December 2025, The number of ordinary shares is the same as that of the
                  last year. During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Company repurchased its own ordinary shares
                  through The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited as follows:

                                             No. of ordinary
                                               shares of                   Price per share               Aggregated
            Month of repurchase              US$0.005 each               Highest     Lowest           consideration paid
                                                                           HK$        HK$                    HK$

            March 2024                            1,180,000                8.43        8.24                   9,841,438
            April 2024                           21,780,000                8.00        6.95                 161,037,720
            May 2024                             12,500,000                7.63        7.09                  91,913,310
            Total                                35,460,000                                                 262,792,468




153   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    (CONTINUED)
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




31. SHARE CAPITAL - continued
   During the year ended 31 December 2025, 3,973,000 shares were issued to employees as equity incentives,
   reducing treasury stock. The remaining 19,027,000 shares were held as treasury stock at a cost of
   HK$142,132,000 (RMB130,661,000), presented as a deduction from equity.

   During the year ended 31 December 2024, 12,460,000 shares were cancelled, the rest of 23,000,000 shares
   were repurchased by the trustee of the Company and were not cancelled and remained as treasury stock as at
   31 December 2024 at a cost of HK$171,810,000 (equivalent to RMB157,947,000) in equity.


32. RESERVES
   Capital reserve

   Capital reserve resulted from transactions between the Group and its shareholders. It mainly represents
   equity shares of Shenzhen Kangzhe granted by Mr. Lam Kong, a director and former shareholder of Shenzhen
   Kangzhe, to certain employees for their services rendered in prior year, rights granted by Mr. Lam Kong to
   certain employees to receive cash at a pre-determined formula for their services rendered in prior year, waiver
   of an advance to the Company by Mr. Lam Kong in 2006, discount on acquisitions of additional interest in
   subsidiaries from Mr. Lam Kong in 2004 and 2005, the difference between the transfer of the entire interest in
   Shenzhen Kangzhe to Sino Talent Limited (“Sino Talent”) pursuant to the group restructuring in 2005 and the
   nominal value of Shenzhen Kangzhe’s share capital, and difference between the par value of shares issued
   by the Company for the entire interest in CMS International Limited (“CMS International”) and Healthlink
   Consultancy Inc. (“Healthlink”) pursuant to the group reorganisation in 2006 and the nominal value of the issued
   share capital of CMS International and Healthlink in preparation for the listing of the Company’s shares. The
   balance was reduced by the capitalisation issue in 2007. The equity shares and rights granted by Mr. Lam
   Kong to certain employees had been terminated on or before 2006.

   On 19 April 2010, the Group acquired an additional interest in Sky United. An amount of approximately
   RMB15,026,000, representing the excess of the fair value of the new ordinary shares issued by the Company
   over the decrease in the carrying value of the non-controlling interests is charged to capital reserve.

   During the year ended 31 December 2010, a deemed distribution to a shareholder was charged to capital
   reserve in respect of expenses incurred for a shareholder during the initial public offering exercise by the
   Company.

   Surplus reserve fund

   Articles of Association of the Group’s subsidiaries established in the PRC require the appropriation of certain
   percentage of their profit after taxation each year to the surplus reserve fund until the balance reaches 50%
   of the registered capital of the relevant subsidiaries. In normal circumstances, the surplus reserve fund shall
   only be used for making up losses, capitalisation into registered capital and expansion of the subsidiaries’
   production and operation. For the capitalisation of surplus reserve fund into registered capital, the remaining
   amount of such reserve shall not be less than 25% of the registered capital.


                                                                        CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         154
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      33. CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT
            The Group manages its capital to ensure that the group entities will be able to continue as a going concern
            while maximising the return to stakeholders through the optimisation of the debt and equity balance. The
            Group’s overall strategy remains unchanged from prior year. The capital structure of the Group consists of cash
            and cash equivalents, bank borrowings and equity attributable to owners of the Company, comprising issued
            share capital and reserves including accumulated profits.

            The directors of the Company review the capital structure on a regular basis. As part of this review,
            the directors consider the cost of capital and the risks associated with each class of capital. Based on
            recommendations of the directors, the Group will balance its overall capital structure through the payment of
            dividends, new share issues and share buy-backs.


      34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
            Categories of financial instruments

                                                                                                    2025                  2024
                                                                                                 RMB’000               RMB’000

            Financial assets
            Financial assets at amortised cost                                                  5,297,429             5,668,682
            Equity instruments at FVTOCI                                                          357,593               129,783
            Financial assets at FVTPL                                                           3,084,902             2,160,097

            Financial liabilities
            At amortised cost                                                                  (1,008,832)            (1,201,134)


            Financial risk management objectives and policies

            The Group’s major financial instruments include financial assets at FVTPL, equity instruments at FVTOCI,
            trade and other receivables, bill receivable, loan receivable, amounts due from associates, bank balances and
            cash, trade and other payables and bank borrowings. Details of these financial instruments are disclosed in
            the respective notes. The risks associated with these financial instruments include market risk (interest rate
            risk, foreign currency risk and other price risk), credit risk, liquidity risk and risks arising from the interest rate
            benchmark reform. The policies on how to mitigate these risks are set out below. The management manages
            and monitors these exposures to ensure appropriate measures are implemented on a timely and effective
            manner.




155   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                         (CONTINUED)
                                                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
   Market risk

   Interest rate risk management

   The Group and the Company are exposed to fair value interest-rate risk in relation to fixed rate
   bank borrowings (Note 29) and lease liabilities (Note 27). The Group is exposed to fair value interest rate risk in
   relation to lease liabilities (see Note 27). The Group is also exposed to cash flow interest rate risk in relation to
   variable-rate bank balances (see Note 25).

   Interest income of RMB82,348,000 was earned (2024: RMB126,344,000) from financial assets that are
   measured at amortised cost (including cash and cash equivalents) for the year ended 31 December 2025.

   Interest expense of RMB 20,297,000(2024: RMB38,610,000) was incurred on financial liabilities not measured
   at FVTPL that are measured at amortised cost for the year ended 31 December 2025.

   Sensitivity analysis

   The directors of the Company considers that the exposure of fair value interest rate risk in relation to fixed-rate
   lease liabilities and bank borrowings and cash flow interest rate risk arising from variable-rate bank balances is
   insignificant. No sensitivity analysis is presented accordingly.

   Foreign currency risk management

   Some subsidiaries of the Company have foreign currency purchases, which expose the Group to foreign
   currency risk. Approximately 73% (2024: 67%) of the Group’s purchases are denominated in currencies
   other than the functional currencies of the group entities making the purchase. All sales of the Group are
   denominated in functional currency of the group entities making the sale. Management conducts periodic
   review of exposure and settlements of various currencies and will consider hedging significant foreign currency
   exposures should the need arise.

   The carrying amounts of the Group’s foreign currency denominated monetary assets (representing financial
   assets at FVTPL, trade and other receivables, loan receivable and bank balances and cash) and monetary
   liabilities (representing trade and other payables and bank borrowings) at the reporting date are as follows:

                                                          Assets                              Liabilities
                                                        2025               2024              2025            2024
                                                     RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000

   US$                                               2,227,364         2,380,684              9,805             2,130
   EUR                                                 236,480           214,648              6,881             5,182
   HK$                                                  27,675            31,085                  -             1,530




                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           156
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
            Financial risk management objectives and policies - continued

            Market risk - continued

            Foreign currency risk management - continued

            The Group is mainly exposed to currency risk of the US$, Eur and HK$. The following table details the Group’s
            sensitivity to a 5% (2024: 5%) increase and decrease in the functional currencies of the relevant group entities
            against the relevant foreign currencies. The sensitivity analysis includes only outstanding foreign currency
            denominated monetary items and adjusts their translation at the end of the reporting period for a 5% (2024:
            5%) change in foreign currency rates. The sensitivity analysis includes financial assets at FVTPL, derivative
            financial instruments, loan receivable, bank balances, trade and other payables and bank borrowings of which
            the foreign currency exposures are not hedged with hedging instruments. A positive/negative number below
            indicates an increase/decrease in post-tax profit for the year where the functional currencies of the relevant
            group entities strengthen 5% (2024: 5%) against the relevant foreign currencies. If there is a 5% (2024: 5%)
            weakening in functional currencies of the relevant group entities against the relevant foreign currencies, there
            would be an equal and opposite impact on the profit for the year:

                                                                                                2025                  2024
                                                                                             RMB’000               RMB’000

            RMB (as functional currency of the
             relevant group entities) against US$                                              (83,158)              (89,196)
            RMB (as functional currency of the
             relevant group entities) against EUR                                                (8,610)              (7,855)
            RMB (as functional currency of the
             relevant group entities) against HK$                                                (1,038)              (1,108)


            In management’s opinion, the sensitivity analysis is unrepresentative of the inherent foreign exchange risk as the
            year end exposure at the end of the reporting period does not reflect the exposure during both years.

            Other price risk managemen t

            The Group is exposed to equity price risk through its investments in equity securities. The Group’s equity price
            risk is mainly concentrated on equity instruments operating in pharmaceutical industry sector quoted in the
            LSE, ENV and NYSE.




157   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                        (CONTINUED)
                                                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
   Financial risk management objectives and policies - continued

   Market risk - continued

   Sensitivity analysis

   The following details the Group’s sensitivity to a 10% (2024: 10%) increase and decrease in the quoted market
   price of the equity securities. 10% (2024: 10%) is the sensitivity rate used when reporting other price risk
   internally to key management personnel and represents management’s assessment of the reasonably possible
   change in the quoted market price of the equity securities measured at FVTOCI. If there is a 10% (2024:10%)
   higher/lower in the quoted market price of the equity securities, the other comprehensive income would be
   increased/decreased by Nil (2024: RMB2,000).

   The management considers that the other price risk in respect of financial assets at FVTPL is minimal due to
   the insignificant balance as at 31 December 2025 and 2024.

   Credit risk and impairment assessment

   Credit risk refers to the risk that the Group’s counterparties default on their contractual obligations resulting in
   financial losses to the Group. The Group’s credit risk exposures are primarily attributable to trade and other
   receivables, bank balances, amounts due from associates and loan receivable. The Group does not hold any
   collateral or other credit enhancements to cover its credit risks associated with its financial assets.

   In order to minimise the credit risk, management of the Group has delegated a team responsible for
   determination of credit limits and credit approvals. Before accepting any new customer, the Group assess
   the potential customer’s credit quality and defines credit limits by customer. Limits attributed to customers
   are reviewed once a year. Other monitoring procedures are in place to ensure that follow-up action is taken
   to recover overdue debts. In this regard, the directors of the Company consider that the Group’s credit risk
   is significantly reduced. In addition, the Group performs impairment assessment under ECL model on trade
   balances individually or based on provision matrix based on share credit risk characteristics by reference to
   repayment history for recurring customers and current past due exposure for the new customers.

   Except for the derivative financial instruments, financial assets at FVTPL and equity instruments at FVTOCI, the
   Group performed impairment assessment for financial assets and other items under ECL model.




                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          158
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
            Financial risk management objectives and policies - continued

            Credit risk and impairment assessment - continued

            Trade receivables arising from contracts with customers

            Before accepting any new customer, the Group uses an internal credit scoring system to assess the potential
            customer’s credit quality and defines credit limits by customer. Limits and scoring attributed to customers
            are reviewed every year. Other monitoring procedures are in place to ensure that follow-up action is taken to
            recover overdue debts. The Group only accepts bills issued or guaranteed by reputable PRC banks, if trade
            receivables are settled by bills and therefore the management of the Group considers the credit risk arising from
            the endorsed or discounted bills is insignificant.

            The Group’s concentration of credit risk by geographical locations is mainly in the PRC, which almost
            accounted for 100% (2024: 100%) of the total trade receivables as at 31 December 2025. In order to minimise
            the credit risk, the management of the Group has delegated a team responsible for determination of credit
            limits and credit approvals.

            In addition, the Group performs impairment assessment under ECL model on trade balances individually or
            based on provision matrix. Except for credit-impaired trade receivables, the remaining trade receivables are
            grouped under a provision matrix based on shared credit risk characteristics by reference to repayment histories
            for recurring customers and current past due exposure for new customers and forward-looking information. An
            impairment loss of RMB1,723,000 (2024:net reversal of impairment loss of RMB499,000) is recognised for the
            year ended 31 December 2025. Details of the quantitative disclosures are set out below in this note.

            Bank balances

            Credit risk on bank balances is limited because the counterparties are reputable banks with high credit ratings
            assigned by international credit agencies. The Group assessed 12m ECL for bank balances by reference
            to information relating to probability of default and loss given default of the respective credit rating grades
            published by external credit rating agencies. Based on this, the 12m ECL on bank balances is considered to
            be insignificant.

            Amounts due from associates

            The Group regularly monitors the business performance of the associate. The Group’s credit risk in this
            balance is mitigated through the value of the assets held by this entity and the power to participate in the
            financial and operating policy decision of this entity. The Group assessed the loss allowance for trade related
            balance with the associate on lifetime ECL basis and non-trade related balance with the associate on 12m ECL
            basis. The Group performs impairment assessment under ECL model on this trade balance individually and
            the directors of the Company believe that there are no significant increases in credit risk at the reporting date
            of these amounts and the trade receivables due from the associates have been subsequently settled. For the
            years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, the Group assessed the ECL for amounts due from associates to
            be insignificant and thus no loss allowance was recognised.



159   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                       (CONTINUED)
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
   Financial risk management objectives and policies - continued

   Credit risk and impairment assessment - continued

   Other receivables and deposits

   For other receivables and deposits, the directors of the Company make periodic individual assessment on the
   recoverability of other receivables and deposits based on historical settlement records, past experience, and
   also quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable and forward-looking information
   available without undue costs or effort. The directors of the Company believe that there is no significant
   increase in credit risk at the reporting date of these amounts since initial recognition. During the year ended 31
   December 2025 and 2024, no impairment has been recognised.

   Loan receivable

   The Group has a policy for assessing the impairment on loans receivable on individual basis. These debtors
   include a supplier of the Group and an entity in which the Group has invested in its equity interest and
   accounted for as equity instrument at FVTOCI. The ECL rates are estimated based on the credit quality
   classification and forward-looking information, including but not limited to the financial status of each borrower.
   During the year ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, no impairment has been recognised and the accumulated
   impairment loss was RMB35,414,000.

   The Group’s internal credit risk scoring assessment comprises the following categories:

   Internal                                                                                   Other
   credit rating     Description                                   Trade receivables          financial assets
   Normal risk       The counterparty has either a low risk         Lifetime ECL -             12m ECL
                     of default and does not have any past-         not credit-impaired
                     due amounts or frequently settles after
                     due dates but usually settle in full

   Doubtful          There have been significant increases          Lifetime ECL -             Lifetime ECL -
                     in credit risk since initial recognition       not credit-impaired        not credit-impaired
                     through information developed
                     internally or external resources

   Loss              There is evidence indicating the asset         Lifetime ECL -             Lifetime ECL -
                     is credit-impaired                             credit-impaired            credit-impaired

   Write-off         There is evidence indicating that the          Amount is written off      Amount is written off
                     debtor is in severe financial difficulty
                     and the Group has no realistic prospect
                     of recovery




                                                                          CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          160
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
            Financial risk management objectives and policies - continued

            Credit risk and impairment assessment - continued

            The tables below detail the credit risk exposures of the Group’s financial assets, which are subject to ECL
            assessment:

                                                              Internal
                                                               credit          12m or                  2025                  2024
                                                      Notes    rating      lifetime ECL        Gross carrying amount Gross carrying amount
                                                                                                RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000

            Financial assets at amortised cost

            Trade receivables                          22     Note 1       Lifetime ECL -
                                                                              not credit-
                                                                             impairment
                                                                          Provision matrix     1,595,615               1,225,639

                                                               Loss       Credit-impaired          3,515   1,599,130      6,373    1,232,012

            Bills receivables (Note 2)                 22     Low risk       12m ECL             226,480                198,805

            Amounts due from
             associates (Notes 2 and 3)                24     Low risk       12m ECL              30,000                 30,000


                                                                           Lifetime ECL -
                                                                         Not credit-impaired     448,493    478,493     284,088     314,088

            Bank balances (Note 2)                     25     Low risk       12m ECL           2,701,380               3,706,501

            Other receivables and deposits (Note 2)    22     Low risk       12m ECL             182,986                154,582

            Loan receivable (Note 2)                          Low risk       12m ECL             120,216                 72,227
                                                               Loss       Credit-impaired         35,414    155,630      35,414     107,641


            Notes:


            (1)      For trade receivables, the Group has applied the simplified approach in IFRS 9 to measure the loss
                     allowance at lifetime ECL. Except for credit-impaired balances, the Group determines the ECL on these
                     items by using a provision matrix, grouped by internal credit rating.

                     Provision matrix - internal credit rating

                     As part of the Group’s credit risk management, the Group applies internal credit rating for its customers.
                     The following table provides information about the exposure to credit risk for trade receivables which
                     are assessed based on provision matrix as at 31 December 2025 and 2024 within lifetime ECL (not
                     credit-impaired). Debtors with credit-impaired with gross carrying amount of RMB3,515,000 as at 31
                     December 2025 (2024: RMB6,373,000) were assessed individually.



161   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                          (CONTINUED)
                                                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
   Financial risk management objectives and policies - continued

   Credit risk and impairment assessment - continued

   Notes:      - continued

   (1)      - continued
            Gross carrying amount

                                                                      2025                             2024
                                                          Average           Trade          Average           Trade
            Internal credit rating                        loss rate      receivables       loss rate      receivables
                                                                             RMB’000                          RMB’000

            Normal risk                                      0.5%             1,592,591          0.2%          1,214,804
            Doubtful                                         6.7%                 3,024          6.3%             10,835
                                                                              1,595,615                        1,225,639


            The estimated loss rates are estimated based on historical observed default rates over the expected life
            of the debtors and are adjusted for forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or
            effort. The grouping is regularly reviewed by management to ensure relevant information about specific
            debtors is updated.

            During the year ended 31 December 2025, a provision of impairment of RMB1,723,000 was recognised
            (2024: net reversal impairment loss of RMB499,000) impairment allowance for trade receivables based
            on provision matrix. Impairment allowance of RMB3,515,000 (2024: RMB6,373,000) were made on
            credit-impaired debtors.

            The following table shows the movement in lifetime ECL that has been recognised for trade receivables
            under the simplified approach.

                                                             Lifetime ECL              Lifetime ECL
                                                              (not credit-                (credit-
                                                               impaired)                 impaired)              Total
                                                               RMB’000                   RMB’000               RMB’000

            As at 1 January 2024                                       3,659                  6,373              10,032
            Impairment losses reversed                                  (499)                     -                (499)
            As at 31 December 2024                                     3,160                   6,373              9,533
            Impairment losses provision(reversed)                      4,581                  (2,858)             1,723
            As at 31 December 2025                                     7,741                  3,515              11,256




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         162
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
            Financial risk management objectives and policies - continued

            Credit risk and impairment assessment - continued

            Notes:       - continued

            (1)      - continued

                     Gross carrying amount - continued

                     The Group writes off a trade receivable when there is information indicating that the debtor is in severe
                     financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, e.g. when the debtor has been placed
                     under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings, or when the trade receivables are over
                     three years past due, whichever occurs earlier. The Group has taken legal action against the debtors to
                     recover the amount due.

            (2)   The Group assessed the loss allowance for bills receivables, other receivables, bank balances, amounts
                  due from associates and loan receivable on 12m ECL basis. In determining the ECL of the bank
                  balances, the Group has taken into account the counterparties are reputable banks with high credit
                  ratings assigned by international credit agencies and forward-looking information as appropriate. The
                  Group assessed 12m ECL for bank balances by reference to information relating to probability of default
                  and loss given default of the respective credit rating grades published by external credit rating agencies
                  and the management considers that the ECL on the bank balances is immaterial. In determining the
                  ECL other than the bank balances, the Group has taken into account the historical default experience
                  and forward-looking information as appropriate, including changes in growth rate of gross domestic
                  product of the PRC. There had been no significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. The
                  Group has considered the consistently low historical default rate in connection with payments and
                  concluded that the ECL on these balances is immaterial.

            (3)      The Group assessed the loss allowance for amounts due from associates with trade nature on lifetime
                     ECL basis. In determining the ECL, the Group has taken into account the value of the assets held by
                     this entity and the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decision of this entity. There
                     had been no significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. The Group has considered the
                     consistently low historical default rate in connection with payments and concluded that the ECL on
                     these balances is immaterial.

                     The Group rebuts the presumption of default under ECL for trade receivables over 90 days past due
                     based on the strong financial position with good repayment records of those customers and continuous
                     business relationship with the Group.




163   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                       (CONTINUED)
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
   Financial risk management objectives and policies - continued

   Liquidity risk

   In the management of the liquidity risk, the Group monitors and maintains a level of cash and cash equivalents
   deemed adequate by the management to finance the Group’s operations and mitigate the effects of fluctuations
   in cash flows. The management of the Group monitors the utilisation of bank borrowings.

   The Group relies on bank borrowings as a significant source of liquidity. As at 31 December 2025, the Group
   has available unutilised banking facilities of approximately RMB3,895,427,000 (2024: RMB1,880,341,000 )
   respectively. Details of which are set out in Note 29.

   The following table details the Group’s remaining contractual maturity for its financial liabilities. The table has
   been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities based on the earliest date on which
   the Group can be required to pay. The maturity dates for financial liabilities are based on the agreed repayment
   dates.

   The table includes both interest and principal cash flows. To the extent that interest flows are floating rate, the
   undiscounted amount is derived from current interest rate at the end of the reporting period.

   In addition, the following table details the Group’s liquidity analysis for its derivative financial instruments,
   The tables have been drawn up based on the undiscounted contractual net cash (inflows) and outflows on
   derivative instruments that settle on a net basis. The liquidity analysis for the Group’s financial instruments
   are prepared based on the contractual settlement dates as the management of the Group considers that the
   settlement dates are essential for an understanding of the timing of the cash flows of financial instruments.

                                           Weighted     Repayable on                      Total      Carrying
                                           average       demand or                    undiscounted  amount at
                                           interest       less than        1 to 5         cash     31 December
                                             rate           1 year         years         flows         2025
                                              %           RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000

   As at 31 December 2025
   Non-derivative financial liabilities
   Trade and other payables                     -             357,017           -          357,017          357,017
   Fixed-rate bank borrowings                 2.12            665,611           -          665,611          651,815
   Lease liabilities                          4.75             17,385      24,505           41,890           38,264
                                                            1,040,013      24,505        1,064,518        1,047,096




                                                                          CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          164
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
            Financial risk management objectives and policies - continued

            Liquidity risk - continued

                                                      Weighted     Repayable on                        Total      Carrying
                                                      average       demand or                      undiscounted  amount at
                                                      interest       less than         1 to 5          cash     31 December
                                                        rate           1 year          years          flows         2024
                                                         %           RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000

            As at 31 December 2024
            Non-derivative financial liabilities
            Trade and other payables                       -             369,834             -           369,834           369,834
            Fixed-rate bank borrowings                   2.39            851,202             -           851,202           831,300
            Lease liabilities                            4.75             17,737        13,727            31,464            29,443
                                                                       1,238,773        13,727         1,252,500         1,230,577


            Fair value measurements of financial instruments


            (i)   Fair value of the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis

                  Some of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities are measured at fair value at the end of each
                  reporting period. The following table gives information about how the fair values of these financial assets
                  and financial liabilities are determined (in particular, the valuation technique(s) and inputs used) as well as
                  the level of the fair value hierarchy into which the fair value measurements are categorised (Levels 1 to 3)
                  based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements is observable.

                  Level 1 fair value measurements are those derived from quoted prices (unadjusted) in active market for
                  identical assets or liabilities at measurement date;

                  Level 2 fair value measurements are those derived from inputs other than quoted prices included within
                  Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived
                  from prices); and

                  Level 3 fair value measurements are those derived from valuation techniques that include inputs for the
                  asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).




165   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                   (CONTINUED)
                                                                                      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
   Fair value measurements of financial instruments - continued

   (i)   Fair value of the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis - continued

                                                                                         Valuation                 Significant
           Financial                                                       Fair value    technique(s)              unobservable
           assets/liabilities                Fair value as at              hierarchy     and key input(s)          inputs
                                31/12/2025            31/12/2024

           1)   Equity          Nil                    Listed equity        Level 1      Quoted bid prices in      Nil
                instruments                            securities on the                 an active market
                at FVTOCI -                            LSE, ENV, NYSE
                listed equity                          and NASDAQ-
                securities                             RMB20,000

           2)   Equity          Unlisted equity        Unlisted equity      Level 3      Market approach           The ratio of
                instruments     investments -          investments -                     by applying market        market capital
                at FVTOCI       RMB 357,593,000        RMB129,763,000                    multiples such as the     to net book
                - unlisted                                                               ratio of market capital   value from
                equity                                                                   to net book value         comparable
                securities                                                               from comparable           companies
                                                                                         companies

           3)   Financial       Listed equity          Listed equity        Level 1      Quoted bid prices in      Nil
                asset at        securities on the      securities on the                 an active market.
                FVTPL -         HKEX –                 HKEX -
                listed equity   RMB7,704,000           RMB2,474,000
                securities

           4)   Financial       Assets -               Assets -             Level 3      Direct comparison –       Recent
                assets at       RMB                    RMB926,124,000                    reference to market       transaction
                FVTPL -         1,174,198,000                                            evidence of recent        prices of
                capital funds                                                            transaction prices of     underlying
                                                                                         the underlying            investments
                                                                                         investments

           5)   Financial       Assets -               Assets -             Level 2      Recent Transaction        Nil
                assets at       RMB                    RMB801,581,000                    method, quoted bid
                FVTPL -         1,375,526,000                                            prices in an inactive
                unlisted                                                                 market
                equity
                securities

           6)   Financial       Assets -               Assets -             Level 2      Recent Transaction        Nil
                assets at       RMB 175,720,000        RMB179,710,000                    method, quoted bid
                FVTPL -                                                                  prices in an inactive
                convertible                                                              market
                bond

           7)   Financial       Assets -               Assets -             Level 3      Market approach           The ratio of
                assets at       RMB 351,754,000        RMB250,208,000                    by applying market        market capital
                FVTPL -                                                                  multiples such as the     to net book
                unlisted                                                                 ratio of market capital   value from
                equity                                                                   to net book value         comparable
                securities                                                               from comparable           companies
                                                                                         companies




                                                                                CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED               166
                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
            Fair value measurements of financial instruments - continued

            (ii)    Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements

                                                                              Equity              Financial
                                                                         instruments at           assets at
                                                                             FVTOCI                FVTPL              Total
                                                                            RMB’000               RMB’000            RMB’000

                    As at 1 January 2024                                        125,344           1,319,120          1,444,464
                    Purchases                                                         -               97,145             97,145
                    Disposal                                                          -                (6,007)            (6,007)
                    Transfers into level 2 from level 3                               -              (87,740)           (87,740)
                    Total gains
                     - in profit                                                       -           (146,186)          (146,186)
                     - in other comprehensive income                               4,419                  -              4,419
                    As at 31 December 2024                                      129,763           1,176,332          1,306,095
                    Purchases                                                         -             224,455            224,455
                    Disposal                                                          -              (14,478)           (14,478)
                    Transfers into level 3 from level 2                               -             240,177            240,177
                    Transfers into level 2 from level 3                               -              (43,880)           (43,880)
                    Total gains
                     - in profit                                                      -              (56,654)           (56,654)
                     - in other comprehensive income                            227,830                    -           227,830
                    As at 31 December 2025                                      357,593           1,525,952          1,883,545


            (iii)   Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are not measured at fair value on a
                    recurring basis (but fair value disclosures are required)

                    The directors of the Company consider that the carrying amounts of financial assets and financial
                    liabilities recorded at amortised cost in the consolidated financial statements approximate their fair
                    values.




167   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                          (CONTINUED)
                                                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




35. RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
   The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities arising from financing activities, including both cash
   and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flows were, or
   future cash flows will be, classified in the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows used in
   financing activities.

                                                             Deferred
                                          Bank             consideration      Dividend         Lease
                                       borrowings            payables         payables      liabilities      Total
                                        RMB’000              RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000
                                        (Note 29)                             (Note 13)      (Note 27)

    At 1 January 2024                     1,269,650                1,000              -        32,087       1,302,737
    Financing cash flows                   (479,248)              (1,000)      (556,162)      (24,429)     (1,060,839)
    Dividends declared                            -                    -        556,162             -         556,162
    Finance costs                            36,398                    -              -         2,212          38,610
    Net foreign exchange loss                 4,500                    -              -             -           4,500
    Commencement of new leases                    -                    -              -        19,573          19,573

    At 31 December 2024                     831,300                    -              -        29,443         860,743
    Financing cash flows                   (197,048)                           (660,555)      (21,695)       (879,298)
    Dividends declared                            -                    -        660,555             -         660,555
    Finance costs                            17,563                    -              -         2,734          20,297
    Commencement of new leases                    -                    -              -        27,782          27,782

    At 31 December 2025                     651,815                    -              -        38,264        690,079



36. CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
                                                                                        2025                   2024
                                                                                     RMB’000                RMB’000

    Capital Expenditure is respect of the acquisition of
     property, plant and equipment contracted for but not
     provided in the consolidated financial statements
                                                                                          76,020                    -

    Capital expenditure in respect of the acquisition of
     below items contracted for but not provided in the
     consolidated financial statements
     - financial assets at FVTPL                                                      409,813                576,499
     - interests in an associate                                                      172,206                 34,541




                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        168
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      37. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
            Balances and transactions between the Company and its subsidiaries, which are related financial parties of the
            Company, have been eliminated on consolidation and are not disclosed in this note. Details of transactions
            between the Group and other related parties are disclosed below, in addition to the transactions and balances
            disclosed elsewhere in the consolidated financial statements.

            (a)   The Group entered into the following transactions with related parties during the year:

                    Name of
                    related company             Relationship        Nature of transactions          2025        2024
                                                                                                 RMB’000       RMB’000

                    Tibet Pharmaceutical        Associate           Promotion income            1,468,071     1,395,476
                    ETC                         Associate           Purchase of goods              16,183         9,337
                    ETC                         Associate           Promotion income                5,505         9,110
                    Shenzhen Mediportal
                     Health Medical
                     Internet Limited           Related party       Service fee                      6,880         6,904
                    Shenzhen Mediportal
                     Health Technology
                     Co. Ltd.                   Related party       Service fee                        515         1,030
                    A&B (HK) Company
                     Limited                    Related party       Royalty expenses                 2,018         2,699
                    PharmaGend
                     Global Medical
                     Services Pte. Ltd.         Related party       Service fee                      9,408              -


            (b)   On 8 May 2015, A&B entered into agreements with Faron Pharmaceuticals, Ltd (“Faron”), to acquire
                  15.72% of the shareholding of Faron, assets related to a drug, Traumakine in China (including Hong
                  Kong SAR, Macau SAR and Taiwan) (the “Territory”), intellectual properties related to Traumakine from
                  the Territory and the right to exchange Traumakine information with Faron.

                  On 19 May 2015, the Group entered into agreements with A&B and/or Faron respectively, to acquire the
                  assets related to Traumakine in the Territory (the “Acquisition of Assets”). On 31 December 2024, the
                  Group entered into a termination agreement with A&B for the acquisition of asset.

                  The Group has not paid any consideration to A&B in respect of this acquisition as at 31 December 2025
                  and 2024.




169   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                  (CONTINUED)
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




37. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS - continued

   (c)   On 14 August 2018, the Group entered into an asset transfer and license agreement with Blueberry
         Therapeutics Limited (“Blueberry”). According to the terms of such agreement, the Group has acquired
         all related assets of Blueberry’s leading product BB2603 (for the treatment of onychomycosis and tinea
         pedis) in China (including Hong Kong SAR Macau SAR and Taiwan), Republic of Korea and Mongolia (the
         “Asia Territory”) and the Group further acquired access to all related assets of other pipeline products
         being or to be developed subsequently by Blueberry utilizing its unique nano formulation delivery system
         in dermatology and other fields (such as products used for treating atopic dermatitis and acne, etc.,
         together with the product BB2603 as the “Product of BB2603”) in the Asia Territory in consideration of
         (1) an upfront payment of USD600,000 (equivalent to RMB4,090,000), (2) fixed lump sum payments
         upon the achievement of the pre-determined milestones stipulated in the agreement and (3) a royalty
         at a fixed rate on the basis of the net sales of Product of BB2603 in Asia Territory. The aforementioned
         assets include, among others, all the national patents covering the development, commercialization and
         formulation of the Product of BB2603, national trademarks and necessary regulatory approvals in or for
         the Asia Territory.

         As the milestone as well as the commercialisation of Product of BB2603 has not yet been achieved as at
         31 December 2025 and 2024, the Group has only paid the upfront payment of USD600,000 (equivalent
         to RMB4,090,000) as the consideration for Product of BB2603 during year ended 31 December
         2018. Such amount has been included in deposits paid for acquisition of intangible assets (see Note
         23) as at 31 December 2025 and 2024. During the year ended 31 December 2023, the amount of
         RMB4,090,000 was fully impaired.

   (d)   On 20 August 2018, the Group entered into a framework asset transfer agreement with A&B relating
         to the portable neurostimulation devices (the “Product of PoNS”) developed by or for Helius Medical
         Technologies group (“Helius”). According to the terms of such agreement, the Group has agreed to
         acquire from A&B all assets related to the Product of PoNS (the “Assets of PoNS”) in the Territory (the
         “Transaction of PoNS”). The Assets were originally purchased by A&B from Helius, in which A&B has
         equity interest. Both the Group and A&B have not agreed on the definitive terms and conditions of the
         Transaction, including the consideration for the transfer of the Assets of PoNS under the agreement. On
         31 December 2024, the Group entered into a termination agreement with A&B for the Transaction of
         PoNS. The Group has not paid any consideration to A&B in respect of the Transaction of PoNS as of 31
         December 2025 and 2024.




                                                                       CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        170
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      37. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS - continued

            (e)   On 20 August 2018, the Group entered into a framework asset transfer agreement with A&B relating to
                  the pharmaceutical preparation, formulation, dosage form, or delivery vehicle, containing or comprising
                  NRL-1 etc. and/or line extensions developed by or for Neurelis, Inc. (“Neurelis”) (collectively, the “Product
                  of NRL-1”). Neurelis is one of Group’s unlisted equity investments under Note 20(b)(ii). According to
                  terms of such agreement, the Group has agreed to acquire from A&B all assets related to the Product
                  of NRL-1 (the “Assets of NRL-1”) in the Territory (the “Transaction of NRL-1”). A&B obtained the Assets
                  of NRL-1 from its related entity which in turn obtained the Assets of NRL-1 from Neurelis. During
                  the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group and A&B had negotiated and agreed on the terms of
                  the Transaction of NRL-1, the Group has agreed to pay A&B a royalty payment of up to US$0.6 per
                  Unit of NRL-1 imported into or sold in the Territories, and the Group has agreed to pay A&B a royalty
                  payment of 9.0% on the net sales of NRL-1 sold by the Group in the Territories. Royalty expenses of
                  RMB2,018,000 was recognised during the year ended 31 December 2025 (2024: RMB2,699,000).

            (f)   The key management personnel includes solely the directors of the Company and the compensation
                  paid to them as disclosed in Note 9.


      38. RETIREMENT BENEFITS SCHEMES
            The employees of the Group’s subsidiary in the PRC are members of the state-managed retirement benefit
            schemes operated by the PRC government. The PRC subsidiaries are required to contribute a certain
            percentage of their payroll to the retirement benefit schemes to fund the benefits. The only obligation of the
            Group with respect to the retirement benefit schemes is to make the required contributions under the schemes.

            The employees employed in Hong Kong are required to join the Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme (the “MPF
            Scheme”). Contributions to the MPF Scheme are made in accordance with the statutory limits prescribed by
            the Mandatory Provident Fund Ordinance of Hong Kong.

            The employees employed in Macau are required to join the Social Security Fund (the “FSS”). Contributions to
            FSS are made in accordance with the statutory limits prescribed by the Social Security System of Macau.

            The employees employed in Dubai are required to be entitled to gratuity based on the years of services under
            the labour law of United Arab Emirates Ministry of Human Resources and Emiratisation.

            During the year, the total expense recognised in the profit or loss for the above schemes amounted to RMB
            335,400,000(2024: RMB301,167,000).




171   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     (CONTINUED)
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




39. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT SCHEME
   The 2009 Scheme was adopted by the Board on 31 July 2009 (“Adoption Date”). Unless terminated earlier by
   the Board, the 2009 Scheme shall be valid and effective for a term of 20 years commencing on the Adoption
   Date. Pursuant to the rules of the 2009 Scheme, the Company set up a trust through a trustee (the “Trustee”),
   Fully Profit Management (PTC) Limited, for the purpose of administration the 2009 Scheme. A summary of
   some of the principal terms of the 2009 Scheme is set out in below.


   (a)   The purpose of the 2009 Scheme is to recognise the contributions by certain employees who have
         been actively involved in the business development of the Group and to establish and maintain a
         superannuation fund for the purpose of providing retiring allowances for certain employees (including
         without limitation employees who are also directors) of the Group, and to give incentive in order to retain
         them for the continual operation and development of the Group.

   (b)   Under the 2009 Scheme, the Board of Directors (the “Board”) may, from time to time, at its absolute
         discretion and subject to such terms and conditions as it may think appropriate select an employee
         (the “Member”) who completed 10 years’ services in the Group (subject to consent of the Board if the
         employee completed 5 years’ services in the Group) for participation in the 2009 Scheme for 10 years
         after retirement (the “Payment Year”) (subject to adjustment set out in (d) below).

   (c)   The Company will, on a yearly basis, contribute the sum equal to an amount not less than 0.5%, but
         no more than 3% of its after tax profits shown on the audited consolidated financial statements of the
         Group, or issue such number of shares of the Company to the Trustee in consideration of payment of
         such amount as the Board may determine with reference to the aforesaid contribution as against the
         then market value of the shares of the Company (the “Yearly Contributions”), subject to the Board’s
         approval.

   (d)   The amount payable to the Members depends on the value of the assets held by the Trustee (the
         “Fund”). If the value of the Fund is less than the aggregate amount of contributions previously made by
         the Company, the amount payable to the Members and the Payment Year will be adjusted by a factor
         derived from the value of the Fund and the aggregate amount of contributions previously made by the
         Company. The only obligation of the Company is to make the Yearly Contributions to the Fund. As such,
         the 2009 Scheme is classified as defined contribution scheme.

   On 22 December 2016, the Board has resolved to adopt two new employee incentive schemes, with details as
   follows:

   (a)   The Bonus Scheme
         i.     This scheme is for the purpose of providing discretionary cash bonuses to selected employees of
                the Group to recognise their contribution to the Group.

         ii.    This scheme is open to the employees employed by the Group, except for the directors of the
                Company.




                                                                        CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          172
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      39. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT SCHEME - continued
            (b)   The New KEB Scheme
                  i.     The New KEB Scheme will replace the 2009 Scheme and shall comprise terms which are
                         substantially similar to the 2009 Scheme, except for the ratio of contribution, which was
                         determined by the audited consolidated financial performance.

                  ii.    The subsisting rights of all participants under 2009 Scheme will be rolled over to the New KEB
                         Scheme.

            For the purposes of effecting the merger and facilitating the administration of the Bonus Scheme and the
            New KEB Scheme, the Company has resolved to set up a new trust comprising the Bonus Scheme and KEB
            Scheme (collectively referred to as the “Master Scheme”). Unless terminated earlier by the Board, the Master
            Scheme shall be valid and effective until the later of the termination of the Bonus Scheme or the New KEB
            Scheme. The term of each of the Bonus Scheme and the New KEB Scheme is 20 years subject to the terms
            of their respective scheme rules. TMF Trust (HK) Limited (“TMF”), a company incorporated in Hong Kong, is
            appointed as the initial trustee of the new trust (the “New Trustee”).

            The amount payable to the members of the Bonus Scheme in a financial year depends on a variety of factors,
            including the value of the assets held by the New Trustee (the “New Fund”), the appreciation in the value of the
            assets held under the New Fund, the financial performance of the Group and the performances of individual
            employees during the year. The New Fund is independent from the Company and the change in value of the
            New Fund has no impact on the Group’s financial performance and financial position. The only obligation of
            the Company is to make the Annual Contributions to the New Fund subject to the terms of the scheme rules of
            the Bonus Scheme. The Bonus Scheme is classified as a discretionary scheme of the Company. No employee
            benefit expenses were recognised by the Company and the Group for both years.

            During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Company recognised an expense of RMB5,520,000 (2024:
            RMB7,680,000) on the Master Scheme based on the Group’s financial performance, in which such amount
            was recognised as employee benefit expenses in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
            comprehensive income.

            CMS SHARE AWARD SCHEME

            On 17 January 2024, the Board has resolved to adopt a new employee incentive scheme and has a validity
            period of 10 years from the date of adoption. The Company has engaged an independent professional trustee
            to administer the CMS share award scheme (“CMS Scheme”), and the trustee will use the Company’s funds
            to purchase the Company’s shares (the “Shares”) from the secondary market. No more than 100 million
            Shares will be granted at nil consideration to eligible participants, comprising the Group’s core management,
            key employees in the product team (including employees responsible for product launch, research and
            development, and registration), key employees in the sales team (including employees responsible for marketing
            and promotion), and key employees in the operations team.




173   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     (CONTINUED)
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




39. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT SCHEME - continued
   The CMS Scheme shall be subject to the administration of the Board whose decisions on all matters arising
   in relation to the Scheme shall be final and conclusive. The Board has authorized to establish a management
   committee (the “Management Committee”), which will exercise such powers as delegated by the Board.

   Performance Targets:


   (a)   Share awards for the launch of new products: the Group will implement incentive programme with three-
         year (or other durations to be determined by the Board) cycles to encourage the introduction of new
         products. Eligible participants who contribute to the launch of new products will be considered for share
         awards. The vesting of these awards is contingent upon the achievement of defined product launch
         targets within the specified timeframes. The criteria for what constitutes a qualified new product include,
         but are not limited to, the anticipated investment, the potential for sales revenue, and the expected
         profitability of the new product, and the performance targets will be set accordingly.

   (b)   Share awards for the sale of new products: the Group will set sales targets for the new products and
         other relevant existing products within a specified period. Vesting of the relevant share awards will
         depend on whether such sales targets are met. These awards will be allocated to eligible participants
         who are expected to make significant contributions to achieving the outlined sales performance.

   During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Company recognised an expense of RMB27,310,000 (2024: Nil)
   on the CMS Scheme based on individual’s contributions to meeting those targets, in which such amount was
   recognised as share-based payment in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive
   income.


40. DISPOSAL OF A SUBSIDIARY
   For the year ended 31 December 2025

   In December 2025, the Group entered into a shareholder agreement with the other shareholders of Shanghai
   Carnation Medical Technology Co., Ltd., which was a subsidiary of the Group at the time, pursuant to which
   the Articles of Hainan Kangzhe Venture Capital Co., Ltd. transferred its entire 64.81% equity interest in the
   subsidiary to a third party. As a result, the Group has fully disposed the subsidiary. The net assets of Shanghai
   Carnation Medical Technology Co., Ltd. at the date of disposal were as follows:




                                                                         CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         174
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      40. DISPOSAL OF A SUBSIDIARY - continued
            Analysis of assets and liabilities over which control was lost:

                                                                                                              RMB’000

            Property, plant and equipment (Note 15)                                                                  756
            Goodwill (Note 19)                                                                                   36,642
            Intangible assets (Note18)                                                                           38,706
            Deferred tax assets (Note 30)                                                                          1,911
            Inventories                                                                                               86
            Trade and other receivables                                                                            1,676
            Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                  9
            Deferred tax liability (Note 30)                                                                      (9,677)
            Trade and other payables                                                                            (12,342)
                                                                                                                57,767

            Consideration:
                                                                                                              RMB’000

            Cash received                                                                                       35,000
            Consideration receivable(Note)                                                                      35,000

            Total consideration received and receivable                                                         70,000

            Gain on disposal of a subsidiary:
                                                                                                              RMB’000

            Consideration received and receivable                                                                70,000
            Net assets disposed of                                                                              (57,767)
            Non-controlling interest                                                                              7,361
            Gain on disposal                                                                                    19,594

            Net cash inflow arising on disposal:
                                                                                                              RMB’000

            Cash consideration                                                                                  35,000
            Less: cash and cash equivalents disposed of                                                              9
                                                                                                                34,991


            Note: The consideration receivable will be settled in cash by the purchaser three months after the completion
                  of the business registration change.




175   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                               (CONTINUED)
                                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




41. PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY
   As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the details of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are set as follows:
                              Place of                      Issue and
                              incorporation/                 fully paid
                              establishment               share capital/                        Equity interest
   Name of subsidiaries       and operation            registered capital                    held by the Group               Principal activities
                                                 31 December          31 December      31 December         31 December
                                                    2025                 2024              2025                2024
                                                                                     Directly Indirectly Directly Indirectly

   Kangzhe Hunan              PRC                RMB36,750,000      RMB36,750,000       -      100%        -       100%    Production of
    (wholly-owned                                                                                                           medicines
    domestic enterprise)

   Tibet Kangzhe Enterprise   PRC                RMB10,000,000      RMB10,000,000       -      100%        -       100%    Investment holding
    Management Co. Ltd.
    (wholly-owned domestic
    enterprise)

   Shenzhen Kangzhe           PRC               RMB355,000,000     RMB355,000,000       -      100%        -       100%    Marketing,
    (wholly foreign-owned                                                                                                   promotion
    enterprise)                                                                                                             and sale of drugs

   Sino Talent                Hong Kong                    HK$1               HK$1      -      100%        -       100%    Investment holding

   Sky United                 Hong Kong                   HK$10              HK$10      -      100%        -       100%    Trading of drugs

   Kangzhe Pharmaceutical     PRC                RMB50,000,000      RMB50,000,000       -      100%        -       100%    Investment holding
    Investment Co., Ltd.
    (wholly-owned domestic
    enterprise)

   Tianjin Kangzhe            PRC               RMB500,000,000     RMB500,000,000       -      100%        -       100%    Marketing,
    (wholly foreign-owned                                                                                                   promotion
     enterprise)                                                                                                            and sale of drugs

   Tibet Kangzhe              PRC               RMB100,000,000     RMB100,000,000       -      100%        -       100%    Marketing,
    Development                                                                                                             promotion
    (wholly-owned                                                                                                           and sale of drugs
    domestic enterprise)

   CMS Bridging Limited       Hong Kong        HK$1,000,000,000 HK$1,000,000,000        -      100%        -       100%    Investment holding

   CMS Medical Venture        Hong Kong        HK$2,268,542,500 HK$2,268,542,500        -      100%        -       100%    Investment holding
    Investment (HK) Limited

   CMS International          Macau             MOP113,340,100     MOP113,340,100       -      100%        -       100%    Trading of drugs
    Development and
    Management Limited

   CMS Pharma DMCC            Dubai              AED104,490,000    AED104,490,000       -      100%        -       100%    Trading of drugs

   Shanghai Carnation Medical PRC                            N/A     RMB2,842,105       -       N/A        -      64.81% Research and
    Technology Co., Ltd                                                                                                  development of medical
    (Note 40)                                                                                                            aesthetics devices

   Shanghai Dermavon          PRC                RMB10,000,000      RMB10,000,000       -      100%        -       100%    Marketing and
    Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd                                                                                                 promotion of drugs
    (wholly foreign-owned
    enterprise)

   Hainan Dermavon            PRC               RMB400,000,000     RMB345,000,000       -      100%        -       100%    Marketing, promotion
    Pharmaceutical                                                                                                          and sale of drugs
    Technology Co., Ltd
    (wholly foreign-owned
    enterprise)

   Hainan Kangzhe Venture     PRC              RMB1,000,000,000    RMB807,050,000       -      100%        -       100%    Investment holding
    Capital Co. Ltd

   Dermavon Limited           Hong Kong                    HK$1               HK$1      -      100%        -       100%    Trading of drugs
    (formerly known as CMS
    Skinhealth Limited)

   RXILIENT MEDICAL           Hong Kong                    HK$1               HK$1      -      100%        -       100%    Trading of drugs
    (HONG KONG) LIMITED




                                                                                       CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED                        176
                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      41. PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY - continued
                                       Place of                    Issue and
                                       incorporation/               fully paid
                                       establishment            share capital/                      Equity interest
            Name of subsidiaries       and operation          registered capital                  held by the Group                  Principal activities
                                                        31 December          31 December     31 December      31 December
                                                            2025               2024               2025                2024
                                                                                           Directly Indirectly Directly Indirectly

            Heling Medical (Guangzhou) PRC                RMB3,000,000      RMB3,000,000      -       60%         -       60%        Production of
            Company Limited                                                                                                           skincare products
            (wholly-owned domestics
            enterprise)

            Hainan Kangzhe Vision      PRC              RMB130,000,000    RMB130,000,000      -      100%         -       100%       Marketing, promotion
            Technology Co., Ltd                                                                                                       and sale of drugs
             (wholly foreign-owned
             enterprise)

            CMS Vision International   Macau                MOP25,000          MOP25,000      -      100%         -       100%       Trading of drugs
            Management Limited

            DERMAVON                   Macau                MOP25,000          MOP25,000      -      100%         -       100%       Trading of drugs
            INTERNATIONAL
            BUSINESS LIMITED



            The above table lists the subsidiaries of the Company, in the opinion of the directors of the Company, which
            principally affected the results or assets of the Group. To give details of other subsidiaries would, in the opinion
            of the directors of the Company, result in particulars of excessive length.

            None of the subsidiaries had issued any debt securities at the end of the year.

      42. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY
                                                                                                                 2025                           2024
                                                                                                              RMB’000                        RMB’000
            Non-current asset
             Interests in subsidiaries                                                                       5,837,014                      3,554,735
            Current assets
             Other receivable                                                                                         -                          3,695
             Bank balances and cash                                                                              20,081                         14,470
                                                                                                                 20,081                         18,165
            Current liabilities
             Amount due to a subsidiary                                                                           2,958                          2,958
             Other payables and accruals                                                                          9,105                         20,172
             Bank borrowings                                                                                    630,000                        772,000
                                                                                                                642,063                        795,130
            Net current liabilities                                                                            (621,982)                      (776,965)
            Total assets less current liabilities                                                            5,215,032                      2,777,770
            Capital and reserves
             Share capital (Note 31)                                                                            83,564                         83,564
             Reserves                                                                                        5,131,468                      2,694,206
            Total equity                                                                                     5,215,032                      2,777,770


177   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                               (CONTINUED)
                                                                      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




42. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY - continued
   Movement in reserves


                                      Share        Capital   Accumulated    Dividend    Treasury
                                     premium      reserve       profits     reserve       stock      Total
                                     RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000


   Balance at 1 January 2024         2,105,621       6,960     1,264,593    191,991            -    3,569,165
   Repurchase of ordinary shares             -           -             -           -    (237,967)    (237,967)
   Cancellation of ordinary shares     (80,020)          -             -           -     80,020             -
   Loss and total comprehensive
    expense for the year                     -           -       (80,830)          -           -      (80,830)
   Dividends paid                            -           -      (364,171)   (191,991)          -     (556,162)
   Dividends proposed                        -           -      (283,700)   283,700            -            -

   Balance at 31 December 2024       2,025,601       6,960      535,892     283,700     (157,947)   2,694,206
   Distribution of treasury stock
    to employee(Note 31)                   24            -             -           -     27,286       27,310
   Profit and total comprehensive
    income for the year                      -           -     3,070,507           -           -    3,070,507
   Dividends paid                            -           -      (376,855)   (283,700)          -     (660,555)
   Dividends Proposed                        -           -      (330,641)   330,641            -            -

   Balance at 31 December 2025       2,025,625       6,960     2,898,903    330,641     (130,661)   5,131,468




                                                                  CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          178
                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025
