CONTENTS

CORPORATE INFORMATION................................................................................................................................... 1

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS......................................................................................................................................... 2

BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS. ........................................................................................................................................ 3

CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT...................................................................................................................................... 5

MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS. ....................................................................................................... 9

DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT............................................................................................................. 37

DIRECTORS’ REPORT............................................................................................................................................. 42

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT. .................................................................................................................. 58

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT ........................................................................................................................................ 72

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME............................... 77

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION....................................................................................................... 78

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY....................................................................................................... 80

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS..................................................................................................................... 81

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS................................................................................................. 84
    CORPORATE INFORMATION


    Board of Directors                           Principal Bankers
    Executive Directors                          China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
    Mr. LAM Kong                                 Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited
    Mr. CHEN Hongbing                            DBS Bank (Hong Kong) Limited
    Ms. CHEN Yanling                             The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited
    Independent Non-Executive Directors
    Mr. LEUNG Chong Shun                         Registered Office
    Ms. LUO Laura Ying
                                                 Maples Corporate Services Limited
    Mr. FUNG Ching Simon
                                                 PO Box 309
                                                 Ugland House
    Company Secretary
                                                 Grand Cayman, KY1-1104
    Ms. WU Sanyan                                Cayman Islands

    Authorized Representatives                   Headquarters and Principal Place
    Ms. WU Sanyan                                of Business in Hong Kong
    Mr. LAM Kong
                                                 Unit 2106, 21/F
                                                 Island Place Tower
    Audit Committee                              510 King’s Road
    Mr. FUNG Ching Simon (Chairman)              North Point
    Mr. LEUNG Chong Shun                         Hong Kong
    Ms. LUO Laura Ying
                                                 Principal Contact Address in the PRC
    Remuneration Committee
                                                 6F - 8F, Block B, Majialong Chuangxin Building
    Mr. LEUNG Chong Shun (Chairman)              198 Daxin Road
    Ms. LUO Laura Ying                           Nanshan District
    Mr. FUNG Ching Simon                         Shenzhen 518052
                                                 Guangdong Province
    Nomination Committee                         The PRC
    Ms. LUO Laura Ying (Chairman)
    Mr. LAM Kong                                 Branch Share Registrar in Hong Kong
    Mr. LEUNG Chong Shun
                                                 Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
    Mr. FUNG Ching Simon
                                                 Shops 1712-1716, 17/F, Hopewell Centre
                                                 183 Queen’s Road East
    Environmental, Social and
                                                 Wan Chai
    Governance Committee                         Hong Kong
    Ms. CHEN Yanling (Chairman)
    Mr. LEUNG Chong Shun                         Stock Code
    Mr. FUNG Ching Simon
                                                 867

    Auditors
                                                 Company’s Website
    Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
    Registered Public Interest Entity Auditors   www.cms.net.cn


1   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                 FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS


•   Turnover down 12.4% to RMB8,013.3 million (2022: RMB9,150.3 million); in the case that all medicines were
    directly sold by the Group, turnover down 9.8% to RMB9,472.2 million (2022: RMB10,497.5 million)

•   Gross profit down 13.2% to RMB6,109.2 million (2022: RMB7,035.8 million); in the case that all medicines were
    directly sold by the Group, gross profit down 12.4% to RMB6,053.7 million (2022: RMB6,910.5 million)

•   Profit for the year down 27.2% to RMB2,384.4 million (2022: RMB3,276.2 million); normalized profit for the year*
    down 18.8% to RMB2,709.3 million (2022: RMB3,338.3 million)

•   Basic earnings per share down 26.3% to RMB0.9792 (2022: RMB1.3281)

•   As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s bank balances and cash amounted to RMB4,311.1 million while readily
    realizable bank acceptance bills amounted to RMB181.0 million

•   Proposed final dividend of RMB0.0783 per share, bringing the total dividend for the year ended 31 December
    2023 to RMB0.3917 per share, representing a decrease of 26.7% over last year (2022: final dividend of
    RMB0.2414 and total dividend of RMB0.5344 per share)

Turnover (in the case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group) and annual profit of the Group in the last
fifteen years are set out below:




*Normalized profit for the year represents profit for the year excluding provisions of impairment losses on related assets.

Summary of Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

                                                                   As at 31 December
                                         2019              2020              2021               2022                2023
                                      RMB'000           RMB'000           RMB'000            RMB'000             RMB'000
Total assets                        11,170,976        12,701,067        15,807,879         17,753,539          17,730,837
Total liabilities                    1,654,844         1,598,352         2,960,892          3,016,462           2,174,430
Net assets                           9,516,132        11,102,715        12,846,987         14,737,077          15,556,407

                                                                                CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         2
                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023
    BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS


    During the Reporting Period, the chemical names of the Group's three products have been successively included
    in the National Volume Based Procurement (the “National VBP”), and with the implementation of the relevant
    National VBPs, bringing a negative impact on financial performance. However, the Group’s exclusive products with
    differentiated advantages continued to maintain sustained growth. The Group's three innovative drugs have been
    successfully approved for marketing in China and all included in the National Reimbursement Drug List (NRDL),
    solidifying the foundation for rapid commercialization and adding growth momentum to the Group’s development.
    In addition, the independent operational structures of its dermatology/medical aesthetics business, ophthalmology
    and international business have been progressively improved, further injecting impetus into the Group’s long-term
    sustainable development, and ushering the Group into a “New CMS, New Rise”.

    Three Innovative Products Approved for Marketing in China and All Been Included in the NRDL

    •     Diazepam Nasal Spray (VALTOCO) - was approved by NMPA for marketing in China in June 2023, becoming
          the first drug approved for the treatment of seizure clusters. The product can be administered at anytime and
          anywhere, meeting clinical needs for accessible and convenient treatment option of epilepsy patients with
          seizure clusters.

    •     Tildrakizumab Injection (ILUMETRI) - a monoclonal antibody that specifically targets IL-23 (innovative biological
          agent), was approved by NMPA for marketing in China in May 2023. The product provides a new treatment
          option for psoriasis patients with lower dosing frequency.

    •     Methotrexate Injection for the treatment of psoriasis (METOJECT) – the first MTX pre-filled injection for
          subcutaneous administration in China, was approved for marketing by NMPA in March 2023.


    Clinical Development of Four Innovative Drugs Progressed Steadily in China

    •     The NDA for an additional indication of Methotrexate Injection for the treatment of active rheumatoid arthritis
          (RA) in adults patients was accepted in China in December 2023.

    •     The NDA for Methylthioninium Chloride Enteric-coated Sustained-release Tablets was accepted in China in
          February 2023. The product is an oral methylene blue sustained release formulation that enhances diagnosis
          sensitivity in detecting lesions during colonoscopy.

    •     Desidustat Tablets is a novel oral HIF-PHI. The phase III clinical trial for the product was progressing steadily,
          and completed the enrollment of all subjects in August 2023.

    •     Ruxolitinib cream, the first and only topical JAK inhibitor approved by the U.S. FDA and the European EMA for
          repigmentation in vitiligo, in December 2023, it received a drug clinical trial approval notice issued by China NMPA.


    Innovation Pipeline Continued to Expand

    •     In August 2023, obtained the permanent exclusive promotion rights of Y-3 Injection, a Class 1 innovative drug
          for anti-ischemic stroke brain cytoprotectant in mainland China, Hong Kong and Macau. In January 2024,
          NeuroDawn Pharmaceutical announced the successful completion of Phase II clinical trial for Y-3 Injection,
          advancing towards Phase III clinical trial in China. The product is expected to become the first novel type of
          brain cytoprotectant that treats both stroke and post-stroke depression.


3   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                          BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS
                                                                                                         (CONTINUED)




•     In February 2024, obtained the exclusive license of the first-line phosphorus-lowering innovative drug sucroferric
      oxyhydroxide chewable tablets (VELPHORO) in mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan. The product
      has been approved for marketing in China in February 2023, and was newly included in the China’s NRDL.


Dermatology and Medical Aesthetic Business “CMS Skinhealth”


Dermatology prescription products achieved breakthroughs:
•     The innovative drug Tildrakizumab Injection has entered large-scale clinical application.

•     The innovative drug ruxolitinib cream has been approved by Hainan Medical Products Administration for Urgent
      Clinical Import, and become available to applicable patients in the Boao Super Hospital in Hainan Lecheng
      for the topical treatment of non-segmental vitiligo in adolescents and adults aged 12 and above with facial
      involvement.


Light medical aesthetic products continued to expand:
•     In May 2023, obtained the exclusive license for a regenerative medical aesthetic product, Poly-L-lactic Acid
      Microparticle Filler Injection, in Mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan.

•     In January 2024, obtained the exclusive license for regenerative medical aesthetic products, Polycaprolactone
      Microsphere Gel for Injection and Calcium Hydroxylapatite Microsphere Gel for Injection in Mainland China,
      Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan.


Ophthalmology Business “CMS Vision”

•     Innovative medical device, EyeOP1 Glaucoma Treatment Device, has completed market access in many
      provinces and cities, and synergized with the exclusive marketed product Augentropfen Stulln Mono Eye Drops
      in marketing and promotion.

•     VEGFA/ANG2 Tetravalent Bispecific Antibody, a class I innovative biological agent, has obtained drug clinical
      trials approval, and been in the Phase I clinical trial stage in China.


Southeast Asia Business

•     Continue to enrich product portfolio: in March 2023, Rxilient Health entered into a collaboration agreement
      with Junshi Biosciences to promote the commercialization of toripalimab in Southeast Asia via a joint venture,
      providing quality China innovative drug for local cancer patients.

•     In December 2023, CMS and Rxilient Health joined forces with Pharmaron and Legend Fund to jointly complete
      the acquisition of a manufacture plant in Singapore and accelerate the process of CDMO business in Southeast
      Asia, expected to improve the accessibility of quality drugs with unmet clinical needs in Southeast Asian
      markets. Besides, the acquisition of Singapore manufacture plant will optimize the Group’s overseas supply
      chain and manufacturing capabilities, ensuring the safety of the international supply chain and enhancing
      supply stability.



                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         4
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023
    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


    Looking back at the year 2023, the impact of geopolitical conflicts, energy crises, and the COVID-19 pandemic on
    the international industrial-chain was persisting. Concurrently, the global-wide inflation has triggered a continuous
    tightening of the international monetary and financial environment, causing greater instability in world economy
    development. In this macroeconomic environment, emerging markets and developing economies have demonstrated
    robust resilience and vitality, with new demands and challenges generating from prevalent aging population structure.
    This dynamic has propelled continuous refinement of the development environment in the pharmaceutical industry,
    releasing unprecedented opportunities for biotechnology innovation, internationalization, and industrial collaboration in
    the emerging markets and developing economies.


    Over the past year, China Medical System Holdings Limited (the “Company”) has remained rooted in its core business
    and continually reinforced competitive edge, while accelerated its development under the guidance of “transformation
    and openness”, having firmly ushered in a new era of innovation and international development.


    Hereby, on behalf of the Board of Directors of the Company (the “Board of Directors’’ or the “Board’’), I extend my
    heartfelt gratitude to all employees, shareholders, and partners, and gladly present the Annual Report of the Company
    and its subsidiaries (the “Group’’ or “CMS”) for the year ended 31 December 2023 (the “Reporting Period’’).


    Forging Ahead with Innovation and Accumulating Strengths for the Future

    The year 2023 meant a lot to CMS. We have started to face the challenges posed by the implementation of
    the National Volume Based Procurement. Over the past five years, by promoting innovation transformation and
    organizational reformation with concerted efforts, the Group has systematically reshaped its development resilience
    to be better prepared for the challenges. With the approval and commercialization of three innovative products, we
    successfully achieved the transition of business dynamics from old to new. Simultaneously, the organizational system
    with higher efficiency and more controllable costs that could support massive innovation has been built, to facilitate the
    yearly launches of innovative products starting from the year of 2023, injecting vitality into future development. Despite
    the turbulence of our operational performance during the Reporting Period, we have been well-prepared for a brighter
    future going forward.


    Embracing “New Products, New CMS, and New Era”
    In 2018, CMS initiated an innovation development strategy with “CMS characteristics”. By iterative strategy refinement,
    we have articulated a strategic position as “a platform linking pharmaceutical innovation and commercialization”.


    CMS’s robust commercialization gene provided ample nourishment for innovative development, endowing us
    with profound insight into the pharmaceutical market. Leveraging our strengths, we wholeheartedly advanced the
    deployment, development, and clinical application of innovative products. Following the “collaborative R&D and
    investment” innovation strategy and focusing on real clinical needs, we have established a close connection with
    extensive innovation forces and pipelines worldwide with promising scientific and commercial potentials, forming
    an influential innovation R&D ecosystem. Currently, CMS possesses about 30 innovative pipeline products with
    differentiated advantages, and efficiently advances the clinical development and commercialization processes of
    products, offering accessible and affordable global novel and quality drugs for patients.




5   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                          CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
                                                                                                             (CONTINUED)




In 2023, we delivered quality innovation outcomes with three innovative drugs approved in China, including Diazepam
Nasal Spray (VALTOCO), Tildrakizumab Injection (ILUMETRI), and Methotrexate Injection (METOJECT), making a great
success in innovation transformation from the scratch.


The marketing approvals were marked as the starting point of the commercialization of innovative products. In order
to ensure the smooth and large-scale clinical application of innovative products, all relevant departments of the Group
have collaborated closely to overcome challenges in manufacturing, supply chain, customs clearance, drug inspection
and others. Preparatory work had been completed prior to the national reimbursement negotiations, and all three
newly launched innovative products were successfully included in the National Reimbursement Drug List, significantly
improving the accessibility and affordability of these innovative drugs.


Innovative achievements continue to emerge. At the beginning of 2024, we have obtained the exclusive license of
a globally new generation iron-based, non-calcium phosphate binder, Sucroferric Oxyhydroxide Chewable Tablets
(Velphoro). Velphoro has been newly included in the National Reimbursement Drug List, and marked the fourth
commercialized innovative drug in our product portfolio. At this point of time, CMS has successfully embarked on the
commercialization era of innovative products.


We believe to integrate innovation strategy and capability into the organizational structure will facilitate us to do better
in our innovation development. In order to better align with the innovation-driven strategy, we have conducted a
comprehensive organizational optimization, continually enhancing our management and execution capabilities across
the entire lifecycle of innovative products, from target selection to product commercialization. We adhere to the
allocation principles of “strivers and undertakers”, optimizing employee compensation and incentive mechanism, and
constructing a comprehensive and “no weak link” talent pool. Furthermore, we have established and interconnected
various responsibility centers to coordinate supervision, early warning, review and approval, as well as support
functions. This approach achieves collaborative working and decision-making, and promotes the institutionalization,
digitization, and intellectualization development of the management system, creating a more agile modern
organization.


Persistent innovation investment and transformation bring us the great confidence to embrace “New Future, New
Rise” with “New CMS, New Product”.


Striving to Root and Grow in Specialty Therapeutical Fields
Commercialization capability stands as the cornerstone of our competitive edge. We focus on advantageous
specialty therapeutical fields, and adhere to evidence-based academic promotion guided by scientific research.
Actively adapting to changes in product structure, we have refined organizational structure and upgraded supporting
digital tools, while constantly improving our compliance control system covering every operational node. Leveraging
on these enhancements, we have built several robust commercialization forces characterized by strong self-drive,
high professionalism and ethical discipline. This evolving commercialization system escorted innovative products
to rapidly achieve clinical and commercial values. Meanwhile, the system has facilitated the in-depth development
and accelerated expansion of cardio-cerebrovascular/gastroenterology, dermatology/medical aesthetics, and
ophthalmology business segments, solidifying the foundation for the continued healthy development of the Group.




                                                                               CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           6
                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023
    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
    (CONTINUED)




    Leveraging in-house development and external collaboration, our dermatology and medical aesthetics business
    “CMS Skinhealth” has continuously improved its skin-health management solution by forming a product structure
    centered on dermatology prescription products, and extended to dermatology-grade skincare products and light
    medical aesthetic products. Confronted with new business, new products and new demands, CMS Skinhealth has
    been striving to grow with brand influence building, execution efficiency improvement, and channel management
    optimization, firmly moving towards to its strategic goal of becoming “the largest and most professional skin-health
    management company in China”.


    The Group’s ophthalmology business “CMS Vision” has undergone profound exploration and system optimization,
    resulting in more mature management structure, product strategies, and business models. Capitalizing on its
    comprehensive capabilities in the identification, incubation and commercialization of ophthalmic medicines and
    devices, CMS Vision has continued to drive the improvement and breakthroughs in urgently needed clinical practice
    in the ophthalmology field, aiming to develop into “a leading ophthalmology pharmaceutical and device company in
    China”.


    Accelerating International Business Development, Forging New Growth Engines
    The strengths of the Group, including rich global investment and acquisition experiences, quality product resources,
    and mature commercialization capabilities, have paved the way for us to gain a competitive edge in exploring
    Southeast Asia and other emerging markets. Insightfully seizing the market opportunities presented by rapid economic
    growth, an aging population structure, and high dependence on imported drugs in emerging economies, the Group
    has continued to enhance its one-stop platform integrating R&D, manufacture, and commercialization in emerging
    markets including Southeast Asia.


    The Group’s Southeast Asia business “Rxilient Health” targets unmet medical needs in the local market. Leveraging
    the Group’s advantageous resource, Rxilient Heath, operated by a local team with rich pharmaceutical industry
    expertise, has rapidly introduced a diverse product portfolio and established a business network covering various
    Southeast Asian countries/region. While anchoring in the Southeast Asian market, the Group has expanded its
    international business to more developing countries including the Middle East and North Africa, gradually establishing
    a commercialization network that penetrates into emerging markets.


    Meanwhile, the Group has continued to reinforce its international supply chain and production capabilities to ensure
    supply chain security and stability. Through the acquisition of a manufacturing plant in Singapore, the Group has
    accelerated the development of formulation CDMO (Contract Development and Manufacturing Organization) business
    in Southeast Asia, laying a solid foundation for the large-scale clinical applications of existing and innovative products
    across countries and regions.


    Through the international commercialization network and supply chain deployment in emerging markets, the Group will
    empower Chinese and global pharmaceutical companies to realize a global strategy in emerging markets, continuously
    building a collaborative, mutually beneficial pharmaceutical innovation ecosystem.




7   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                          CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
                                                                                                            (CONTINUED)




Shouldering Profound Social Responsibilities
We always remain true to our original aspiration and fulfill corporate mission with action, while actively shouldering
the social and corporate responsibilities. Responding to the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals from
a strategic perspective, we have been committed to safeguarding public health and supporting the sustainable
development and prosperity of both the industry and society.


We have paid close attention to life-threatening/ chronic diseases and other clinical pain points affecting the health
and well-being of the masses, efficiently developing quality, affordable pharmaceutical products with differentiated
advantages. Furthermore, in order to improve the accessibility of advanced global biotechnologies for patients in
China and other developing countries, we have actively promoted product inclusion in medical insurance coverage.
Meanwhile, we have also been concerned about the needs of the public, actively engaging in charity programs such
as disaster relief and poverty alleviation. Simultaneously, we have invested resources in building a corporate culture
that is green, clean, friendly and inclusive, while collaborating with stakeholders to contribute to a better and healthier
future for humanity.


Unveiled a New and Brighter Future
The journey of innovation and internationalization development is challenging, but also meaningful and fruitful, leading
us to a new and brighter future. Here, I sincerely thank all CMS employees for their unwavering dedication and efforts
over the past year. In the upcoming future, we will continue to step forward with perseverance and pragmatism, and
seek for sustained robust development with untiring innovation and exploration.




                                                                                                          Chairman
                                                                                                          Lam Kong
                                                                                                       Hong Kong, China
                                                                                                        27 March 2024




                                                                               CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          8
                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION
    AND ANALYSIS

    Company Overview

    CMS is a platform company linking pharmaceutical innovation and commercialization with strong product lifecycle
    management capability, dedicated to providing competitive products and services to meet unmet medical needs.


    Leveraging core advantages, including proven clinical development and commercialization capabilities, clinical
    demand-oriented project management capabilities and substantial cash flow, the Group has formed an innovation
    strategy centered on “collaborative R&D and investment”. The Group has collaborated extensively with global
    innovation forces through its innovation product incubation platform, to continuously deploy global first-in-class (FIC)
    and best-in-class (BIC) innovative products, and efficiently promote their clinical development and commercialization
    process, empowering the continuous transformation of scientific research outcomes into clinical practices. As of
    the end of the Reporting Period, the Group has deployed approximately 30 innovative products with differentiated
    competitive advantages, and at various developmental stages, among which three have been successfully approved
    for marketing in China in the first half of 2023, steadily entering the phase of scaled clinical application.


    Deeply rooted in the China’s pharmaceutical market for thirty-one years, the Group has gained leading academic and
    market positions for its major marketed products, leveraging on the extensive channel coverage and expert resources
    generated from its successful commercialization capabilities. Focused on the specialty areas while expanding
    its business boundaries, the Group continues to strengthen the competitiveness of its cardio-cerebrovascular/
    gastroenterology business, and simultaneously promotes the steady development of its independently operated
    dermatology/medical aesthetics business and ophthalmology business, aiming to gain leading positions in specialty
    therapeutic markets. Meanwhile, the Group has expanded its business footprint to Southeast Asia, precisely
    empowering global quality pharmaceutical products to develop in Southeast Asian market.


    Business Review
    In 2023, the reform of the pharmaceutical industry continued to deepen, the growth rate of the pharmaceutical
    industry continued to adjust, and the restructuring of the industrial ecology also constantly evolved. However, the
    positive prospect of the pharmaceutical industry remains unchanged. Driven by increasing market demands, the
    pharmaceutical industry is poised for quality development through structural adjustment and efficiency improvement.


    In 2023, Deanxit has been affected by implementation of the seventh batch of National Volume Based Procurement
    (“National VBP”), and Plendil and Ursofalk have been affected by implementation of the eighth batch of National
    VBP, which had a negative impact on the Group’s sales performance. However, the Group’s exclusive products
    with differentiated advantages continued to maintain sustained growth. The Group has entered the harvest cycle of
    innovation development, with three innovative drugs have been successfully approved for marketing and all included in
    China’s National Reimbursement Drug List for Basic Medical Insurance, Work-Related Injury Insurance and Maternity
    Insurance (2023 Version) ("NRDL"). All three drugs have begun to enter large-scale clinical applications, adding growth
    momentum for the business development and solidifying the most important foundation for the year of 2024.




9   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                        (CONTINUED)




During the Reporting Period, the Group recorded a turnover of RMB8,013.3 million (2022: RMB9,150.3 million),
representing a year-on-year decrease of 12.4%; in the case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group, the
turnover would be RMB9,472.2 million (2022: RMB10,497.5 million), a year-on-year decrease of 9.8%. Profit for the
year was RMB2,384.4 million (2022: RMB3,276.2 million), representing a decrease of 27.2% year on year; normalized
profit for the year* down 18.8% to RMB2,709.3 million (2022: RMB3,338.3 million).


* Normalized profit for the year represents profit for the year excluding provisions of impairment losses on related
assets.


I. Innovative R&D
The Group relies on advantageous resources in specialty therapeutic fields to fully explore unmet clinical needs.
Based on an innovative product incubation platform, it broadly links innovation sources with a global perspective, to
proactively build an innovation pipeline with differentiated advantages, and efficiently promotes the entire process of
innovative products from R&D to commercialization in an orderly manner, to produce innovative products with both
societal value and clinical significance.


The Group continues to improve its R&D system covering the full lifecycle management of innovative products, and
introduces external consultants to provide professional advice and improve management efficiency. Simultaneously,
the Group focuses on building a more agile and modern organization, and promotes a comprehensive digital and
institutional transformation of the product center, to improve execution capabilities in product assessment, medical
development, clinical operations and registration management, and systematically incubates products that can meet
the urgent needs of patients and with commercial potential, providing sustained growth momentum for the Group.


1. Efficient and quality R&D investment unleashing innovative value
After six years of innovative strategic transformation, the Group’s innovative achievements have begun to materialize.
During the Reporting Period, three innovative products with differentiated advantages have been approved for
marketing in China, all of which were included in the National Reimbursement Drug List (NRDL) and have steadily
entered the commercialization stage. These products, including Diazepam Nasal Spray (VALTOCO), Tildrakizumab
Injection (ILUMETRI), and Methotrexate Injection for psoriasis indication (METOJECT), further enrich the existing
commercialized product matrix in advantageous specialty areas, and develop synergistically with the existing marketed
products, thereby accelerating the continuous transformation of old and new kinetic energy of its business.


The Group has also been steadily advancing the clinical development of innovative pipelines. During the Reporting
Period, two products, Methylthioninium Chloride Enteric-coated Sustained-release Tablets and Methotrexate Injection
- rheumatoid arthritis (METOJECT), have been under review for their New Drug Application (NDA) in China; In addition,
a total of about ten projects have been prepared/launched for their clinical trials of registration, mainly randomized
controlled trials (RCT), forming a good echelon effect.




                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         10
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     1.1 Three Innovative Products Approved, and Included in the NRDL in China
     •      In June 2023, the first Diazepam Nasal Spray (VALTOCO) was approved for marketing in China. The
            product can be administered at anytime and anywhere, and meets clinical needs for accessible and
            convenient treatment option for seizure clusters of patients with epilepsy. In December 2023, the
            product was newly included in the Category B of the NRDL, and the first prescription in China was
            issued.


     Diazepam Nasal Spray is the first drug approved by the China National Medical Products Administration (NMPA)
     for the treatment of cluster seizures. It is indicated for the acute treatment of intermittent, stereotypic episodes of
     frequent seizure activity (i.e. seizure clusters, acute repetitive seizures) that are distinct from a patient’s usual seizure
     pattern in patients with epilepsy of age 6 years and above. VALTOCO is a proprietary formulation of diazepam
     administered through the nasal mucosa, with high bioavailability, outstanding absorbability, tolerability and reliability.
     VALTOCO’s product formulation incorporates a combination of Vitamin E-based solvents and Intravail® absorption
     enhancer. Intravail® transmucosal absorption enhancement technology enables the non-invasive delivery of a broad
     range of proteins, peptides and small-molecule drugs. Under the prescription and guidance of doctors and medical
     staffs, VALTOCO can be administered intranasally at any time and any place with rapid onset of action. It has the
     differentiated advantages in seizure rescue and convenient administration, meeting the current clinical needs of acute
     treatment of domestic epilepsy patients with cluster seizures in China.


     During the Reporting Period, Diazepam Nasal Spray was included in the "2023 Chinese Expert Consensus on
     Diagnosis and Treatment of Dravet Syndrome" published in the "Journal of Epilepsy" and the "Clinical Diagnosis and
     Treatment Strategy of Dravet Syndrome" published in the "Chinese Journal of Pediatrics".


     •      In May 2023, Tildrakizumab Injection (ILUMETRI), a monoclonal antibody that specifically targets
            IL-23, was approved for marketing in China. It can provide a new treatment option for psoriasis
            patients, with lower dosing frequency. In December 2023, the product was newly included in the
            Category B of the NRDL, and the first prescription in China was issued.


     ILUMETRI is a humanized lgG1/κ monoclonal antibody designed to selectively bind to the p19 subunit of interleukin-23
     (IL-23) and inhibit its interaction with the IL-23 receptor, thereby suppressing the release of pro-inflammatory cytokines
     and chemokines. The product is approved by China NMPA for the treatment of adult patients with moderate-to-severe
     plaque psoriasis who are candidates for systemic therapy or phototherapy.


     Results from a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multi-center Phase III clinical trial in China for the basic
     and extended study of Tildrakizumab Injection demonstrated that, the primary efficacy assessment indicator PASI
     75 response rate continued to increase over treatment time. The PASI 75 response rate reached a high level after 28
     weeks of treatment with ILUMETRI and maintained at 91.3% at week 52, and the product showed good long-term
     safety and tolerance. This study results were included in the academic journal "Chinese Medical Journal" in June 2023
     and officially published in January 2024.


     ILUMETRI requires only 4 administrations per year during its maintenance period, which may lead to higher patient
     compliance.


11   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                           (CONTINUED)




Tildrakizumab Injection has been unanimously recommended by authoritative psoriasis diagnosis and treatment
guidelines in China, the United States, Europe, the United Kingdom, Germany and other countries and regions around
the world, and was recommended by the "Chinese Psoriasis Diagnosis and Treatment Guidelines (2023 Edition)"
issued by the Dermatology and Venereology Branch of the Chinese Medical Association during the Reporting Period.


•      In March 2023, Methotrexate Injection (METOJECT) was approved for marketing in China, becoming
       China's first pre-filled Methotrexate (MTX) Injection for subcutaneous administration for the
       treatment of psoriasis. During the Reporting Period, the product was directly included in Category A
       of the NRDL due to its generic name, and its first prescription in China was issued in October.


Methotrexate Injection is China's first subcutaneously administered MTX pre-filled injection. It has been approved by
China NMPA for the treatment of severe recalcitrant disabling psoriasis, which is not adequately responsive to other
forms of therapy such as phototherapy, PUVA, and retinoids.


MTX has anti-inflammatory, anti-proliferative and immunomodulatory effects, and is currently one of the most effective
traditional drugs for the treatment of psoriasis. However, oral MTX has poor patient compliance due to relatively
large gastrointestinal side effects. The product is administered subcutaneously (this form of administration was
recommended by domestic and foreign guidelines), which can increase bioavailability, and has lower side effects
than oral MTX, in particular less adverse reactions in the gastrointestinal tract, and can improve patient treatment
compliance and achieve a greater balance among efficacy, good safety tolerance and compliance. The product is
available in a variety of small-capacity strengths, which are easy to use, allowing patients to self-administer medication
at home under the judgment and guidance of a doctor to facilitate long-term disease management.


Methotrexate Injection has been unanimously recommended by many authoritative diagnosis and treatment guidelines
for psoriasis indications, and was included in the "Chinese Psoriasis Diagnosis and Treatment Guidelines (2023
Edition)" published by the “Chinese Journal of Dermatology”, and "Expert Guidance on Subcutaneous Injection of
Methotrexate for the Treatment of Psoriasis" published by the “Chinese Journal of Dermatology and Venereology”
during the Reporting Period.


1.2 Clinical development in China advanced in an orderly manner
Methotrexate Injection - for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis (RA) – It is expected to become the
first pre-filled MTX injection to treat RA by subcutaneous administration in China (approved in Europe,
Australia, Japan)


In December 2023, the NDA for an additional indication of Methotrexate Injection for the treatment of active RA in
adults patients was accepted in China.




                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          12
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     The bridge clinical trial of the product in China aims to compare the changes of DAS28-ESR score of patients with
     RA treated by methotrexate injection and methotrexate tablets compared with the baseline, and to judge whether
     the non-inferiority is established. The study reached the preset main endpoint, and the experimental group (given the
     product) was not inferior to the control group (given methotrexate tablets). In addition, the results of secondary efficacy
     indicators suggest that the efficacy of the product is significantly better than that of methotrexate tablets or there is
     a trend of better. The results also show that some of the curative effects that can be observed in the early stage of
     the product are more obvious than those of methotrexate tablets, suggesting that the curative effect of the product
     appears earlier. The product has some advantages over methotrexate tablets in gastrointestinal safety, and no new
     safety risks have been found in the study.


     Methotrexate is recognized internationally as the first choice first-line and anchor drug for the treatment of RA.


     Methylthioninium Chloride Enteric-coated Sustained-release Tablets - an oral methylene blue sustained
     release formulation that enhances diagnosis sensitivity in detecting lesions during colonoscopy (approved
     in Europe)


     In February 2023, the NDA for Methylthioninium Chloride Enteric-coated Sustained-release Tablets was accepted in
     China.


     The NDA is supported by a phase III clinical trial in China, which is a randomized, double-blind, placebo controlled,
     multi-centered bridging trial, involving 1,802 subjects enrolled in total (only 6 months was taken), aiming to evaluate
     the efficacy of the product in improving the detection rate of histologically confirmed non-polypoid colorectal lesions in
     subjects undergoing colonoscopic screening or colonoscopic monitoring, and the trial obtained positive results. The
     result of primary study endpoint of this clinical trial, the detection rate of nonpolypoid colorectal lesions (the proportion
     of subjects with at least one histologically confirmed non-polypoid colorectal lesion), showed it was 51% in the test
     group (the product was given) and 41.2% in the control group (placebo was given). The difference between the two
     groups was statistically significant (P<0.0001), indicated that the product could significantly increase the detection rate
     of non-polypoid colorectal lesions.


     Methylthioninium Chloride Enteric-coated Sustained-release Tablets is a novel oral sustained-release formulation
     for diagnosis, which can help to improve the detection rate of colorectal lesions by enhancing visualization of the
     colorectal lesions in adult patients undergoing screening or surveillance colonoscopy.


     Desidustat Tablets – a novel oral HIF-PHI (approved in India)


     During the Reporting Period, the China Phase III bridging trial of Desidustat Tablets progressed steadily. In August, the
     trial completed the enrollment of all the 152 subjects. It is a randomized, double-blind, placebo controlled, and multi-
     centered bridging clinical trial, aiming to evaluate the efficacy of Desidustat Tablets in the treatment of anemia caused
     by non-dialysis chronic kidney disease (CKD) based on changes in hemoglobin (Hb) level from baseline. Led by Peking
     Union Medical College Hospital, Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences, the study had been conducted in 28 centers
     nationwide.



13   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                             (CONTINUED)




Desidustat Tablets is a novel oral Hypoxia-inducible factor-prolyl hydroxylase inhibitor (HIF-PHI) with good compliance
and is expected to meet this unmet treatment needs in the field of CKD-caused anemia (including hemodialysis and
non-dialysis patients).


Ruxolitinib cream – As of the end of the Reporting Period, the product is the first and only topical JAK
inhibitor approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and the European Medicines Agency
(EMA) for repigmentation in vitiligo


In December 2023, ruxolitinib cream received the drug clinical trial approval notice issued by China NMPA, agreeing to
conduct a clinical trial evaluating the safety and efficacy of ruxolitinib cream for the treatment of non-segmental vitiligo.


Benefiting from the Early and Pilot Implementation Policy granted by the state to Hainan Boao Lecheng International
Medical Tourism Pilot Zone in Hainan Free Trade Port (the “Pilot Zone”), in August 2023, the product has been
approved by Hainan Medical Products Administration for Urgent Clinical Import, and officially became available to
applicable patients in the Pilot Zone, for the topical treatment of non-segmental vitiligo in adolescents and adults
aged 12 and above with facial involvement, although the product is not approved by the NMPA for any indication in
China. Patients with vitiligo in China can apply for the product at Boao Super Hospital first and receive treatment from
the expert team. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the product had been prescribed more than 2,000 times in
Boao Super Hospital, benefiting more than 1,200 patients. The Group will also cooperate with Boao Super Hospital
to conduct the Real World Study (RWS) for the product, which could support the product’s registration and launching
process in China.


Ruxolitinib cream, a novel cream formulation of Incyte’s selective JAK1/JAK2 inhibitor ruxolitinib. As of the end of
the Reporting Period, the product is the first and only topical JAK inhibitor approved for use in the United States,
indicated for the topical treatment of nonsegmental vitiligo in adult and pediatric patients 12 years of age and older
and for the topical short-term and non-continuous chronic treatment of mild to moderate atopic dermatitis (AD) in
non-immunocompromised patients 12 years of age and older whose disease is not adequately controlled with topical
prescription therapies, or when those therapies are not advisable.


The product is also approved in Europe for the treatment of adolescents and adults (age >12 years) with
non-segmental vitiligo with facial involvement.


2. Scientific exploration and replenishment of quality pipeline creating high potentials
Y-3 Injection – expected to become the first novel brain cytoprotectant that treats both stroke and
post-stroke depression


In August 2023, the Group entered into a Collaboration Agreement with Nanjing NeuroDawn Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd.
(“NeuroDawn Pharmaceutical”) for anti-ischemic stroke brain cytoprotectant, the class 1 innovative drug Y-3 Injection,
and gained an exclusive promotion right of the product in Mainland China, Hong Kong Special Administrative Region
(“Hong Kong”) and Macao Special Administrative Region (“Macao”). The term of the Agreement is permanent.




                                                                                CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           14
                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     Y-3 Injection is a Class 1 innovative drug - small molecule compound, which is used to alleviate neurological symptoms
     and dysfunction of daily activities caused by acute ischemic stroke. The mechanism of action of the product is to
     dissociate PSD-95 and nNOS coupling and activate α2-GABAA receptors. With dual-target intervention at the same
     time and its clear mechanism of action, the product is conducive to exerting brain cytoprotection effects. Meanwhile,
     the product has a rapid anti-depression and anti-anxiety function, and is expected to become the first novel brain
     cytoprotectant that treats both stroke and post-stroke depression. The product has compound and formulation
     patents in China. In January 2023, The Phase I clinical trial of the product in China has been completed and the results
     showed a good overall safety. During the Reporting Period, the product was in the Phase II clinical trial in China.


     In January 2024, NeuroDawn Pharmaceutical announced the successful completion of Phase II clinical trial for Y-3
     Injection, advancing towards Phase III clinical trial in China.


     Sucroferric oxyhydroxide chewable tablets (VELPHORO) - the first iron-based, non-calcium phosphate
     binder (PB) approved in China, and filled the gap of phosphorus-lowering treatment for Chinese paediatric
     patients aged 12 to 18 years old with CKD stages 4-5 or CKD on dialysis.


     In February, 2024, the Group entered into a Novation Agreement with Vifor Fresenius Medical Care Renal Pharma
     Ltd. and Winhealth Investment (HK) Limited and obtained an exclusive license of Sucroferric Oxyhydroxide Chewable
     Tablets (VELPHORO) to register, import, promote, distribute, use and sell the product in Mainland China, Hong Kong,
     Macao and Taiwan Region.


     VELPHORO is a Class 5.1 imported innovative drug, which was approved through the priority review and approval
     procedure in China in February 2023 for the control of serum phosphorus (sP) levels in adults with chronic kidney
     disease (CKD) on hemodialysis (HD) or peritoneal dialysis (PD), and for the control of sP levels in paediatric patients
     12 years of age and older with CKD stages 4-5 (defined as glomerular filtration rate <30mL/min/1.73 m²) or CKD on
     dialysis. The product has been included in Category B of China’s NRDL in December 2023.


     VELPHORO is a new generation of iron-based, non-calcium PB, reducing sP levels of patients and increasing the
     sP compliance rate. It is demonstrated in multiple global clinical studies and real-world research data (as published
     in academic journals including International Urology and Nephrology, and Clinical Nephrology) and the Chinese
     instruction of the product that compared with other PBs, patients maintained on VELPHORO used about 50% fewer
     PB pills/day, and the proportion of patients achieving target sP increased by 95%. VELPHORO has characteristics of
     good safety and patient compliance without risk of calcium and heavy metal accumulation. In addition, the product
     holds the advantages of unaffected absorption of oral liposoluble vitamin D, maintaining stable iron parameters,
     improving the nutritional status in patients, reducing hospitalization rates, and alleviating patients’ medical financial
     burdens. VELPHORO is expected to further improve the dialysis patients’ quality of life and become a superior option
     of phosphorus-lowering treatment for CKD dialysis patients in China.




15   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                                                                   (CONTINUED)




3. Innovative Pipeline
Launched in China/ Overseas or Under Marketing Application Review

                        Rights                                                          Clinical  Clinical                                    Major Marketed
      Product         Authorized                      Indication                         Trial    Trial for  Marketing Marketed                 Regions**
                       Region**                                                        Approval Registration Application
                                                                                                                                         CN         US   EU   JP
                                   For the acute treatment of intermittent,
                                   stereotypic episodes of frequent seizure
 Diazepam Nasal                    activity (i.e. seizure clusters, acute repetitive
      Spray                        seizures) that are distinct from a patient’s
                                   usual seizure pattern in patients with epilepsy                                                      2023.6.7
                                   6 years of age and older

   Tildrakizumab                   Treatment of adults with moderate-to-severe
      Injection                    plaque psoriasis who are candidates for
 (Biological Agent)                systemic therapy or phototherapy                                                                     2023.5.26

                                   Severe recalcitrant disabling psoriasis, which
                                   is not adequately responsive to other forms
   Methotrexate                    of therapy such as phototherapy, PUVA, and
    Injection                      retinoids                                                                                            2023.3.24



                                   Adult active rheumatoid arthritis

Methylthioninium                   An diagnostic agent to enhance visualisation
 Chloride Enteric-                 of colorectal lesions in adult patients
coated Sustained-                  undergoing screening or surveillance
  release Tablets                  colonoscopy

Desidustat Tablets                 Anemia in patients with chronic kidney
                                   disease

 Cyclosporine Eye                  Increasing tear secretion in patients with
   Drops 0.09%                     keratoconjunctivitis sicca (dry eye)

                                   An aid for weight management in adults
     PLENITY                       with a BMI of 25-40 kg/m² when used in
                                   conjunction with diet and exercise

 Latanoprost Eye                   Reduction of elevated intraocular pressure in
      Drops                        patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular
                                   hypertension

                                   Topical treatment of nonsegmental vitiligo in
                                   adults and pediatric patients 12 years of age
                                   and older
                                   Topical short-term and non-continuous
Ruxolitinib cream#                 chronic treatment of mild to moderate
                                   eczema (atopic dermatitis) in non-
                                   immunocompromised adult and pediatric
                                   patients 12 years of age and older whose
                                   disease is not adequately controlled with
                                   topical prescription therapies or when those
                                   therapies are not advisable
Levetiracetam XR                   Adjunctive therapy for the treatment of partial-
      Tablet                       onset seizures
      BCG for                      Non-invasive urothelial bladder carcinoma,
    Intravesical              *    including curative treatment of carcinoma in
     Instillation                  situ and prophylactic treatment of recurrence
 (Biological Agent)

       PoNS                        Chronic balance deficit due to mild-to-
                                   moderate traumatic brain injury

     Marketed in China              Under R&D in China                 Overseas
     Designated Asian Regions                 Mainland China, Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan
* Taiwan is not included in the rights authorized region of BCG for Intravesical Instillation
# In March 2024, ruxolitinib cream was approved for clinical trial evaluating the safety and efficacy of the product for the treatment of mild to moderate atopic
dermatitis by China NMPA.
** Major Marketed Regions indicate where products are approved. CMS’s rights are stated by Rights Authorized Region, CMS has NO development,
commercialization or other product rights in unauthorized regions.
Please refer to local prescribing information for more information, including full safety information, on CMS’s marketed medicines, or on medicines marketed by
CMS’s collaboration partners.


                                                                                                       CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED                        16
                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     Under R&D Stages

                                 Rights                                                                     Clinical     Phase Phase Phase Marketing
             Product           Authorized                    Indication                   Pre-clinical       Trial         I     II    III Application**
                                Region**                                                                   Approval

                                              Eye pain and inflammation after
             SDN-037                          cataract surgery

                                              Reduction of elevated intraocular
             PDP-716                          pressure in patients with open-angle
                                              glaucoma or ocular hypertension

              CF101                           Psoriasis

             ACT017                           Acute phase of ischemic stroke
        (Biological Agent)

                                              Hepatocellular carcinoma
              CF102
                                              Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease /
                                              non-alcoholic steatohepatitis

                                              Prevention of post-surgical
                                              staphylococcal infections
              XF-73
                                              Infectious diseases

                                              Used to alleviate neurological
                                         *    symptoms and dysfunction of daily
           Y-3 Injection                      activities caused by acute ischemic
                                              stroke

             BB2603                           Onychomycosis and tinea pedis

              VXM01                           Recurrent glioblastoma
        (Biological Agent)

          VEGFA/ANG2
      Tetravalent Bispecific                  Intended for ocular fundus
             Antibody                         neovascular diseases
        (Biological Agent)

         TYK2 Inhibitor#                      Intended for psoriasis
          (CMS-D001)

         GnRH Receptor                        Intended for moderate to severe pain
          Antagonist##                        associated with endometriosis
          (CMS-D002)

       ~10 Self-developed                     Including large molecules, small
        Innovative Drugs                      molecules and siRNA products, etc.


          China              Overseas
          Global             Designated Asian Regions               Mainland China, Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan

     * Taiwan is not included in the rights authorized region of Y-3 Injection.
     # In January 2024, the Group's self-developed innovative drug, TYK2 inhibitor (CMS-D001), was approved for clinical trial by China NMPA.
     ## In February 2024, the Group's self-developed innovative drug, GnRH receptor antagonist (CMS-D002), was approved for clinical trial by China NMPA.
     ** Major Marketed Regions indicate where products are approved. CMS’s rights are stated by Rights Authorized Region, CMS has NO development,
     commercialization or other product rights in unauthorized regions.
     Please refer to local prescribing information for more information, including full safety information, on CMS’s marketed medicines, or on medicines marketed by
     CMS’s collaboration partners.




17   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                         (CONTINUED)




II. Commercialization System
By continuously reinforcing and integrating the commercialization platform, the Group further consolidates its specialty
therapeutic fields focused operation system with scale, compliance, branding and digitalization. During the Reporting
Period, the Group's three independent specialty businesses segments: cardio-cerebrovascular/gastroenterology,
dermatology/medical aesthetics, and ophthalmology, under the synergized advantageous resources from the Group,
optimized brand promotion capabilities and digitalized operation capabilities based on academic evidence, striving
to achieve scaled clinical application and academic brand building of innovative products, thereby providing patients,
doctors and medical institutions with high-quality products, services and solutions.


As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Group's three innovative drugs had been approved for marketing, and in
February 2024, the Group acquired the fourth marketed innovative drug sucroferric oxyhydroxide chewable tablets
(VELPHORO). The four newly launched innovative products cover central nervous system, dermatology, cardio-
cerebrovascular and other advantageous specially fields, and are expected to synergize with the Group’s existing
marketed products. All four innovative drugs have been newly included in the NRDL, further improving patients’
accessibility and affordability. The Group’s commercialization teams actively cooperated with the implementation and
access of NRDL, and carried out relevant professional academic activities, thereby enabling innovative drugs to benefit
relevant Chinese patients and their families on a broader scale and at an earlier stage.


For marketed exclusive or original products, the Group implemented a promotion approach driven by products’
characteristics, and formulated customized market entry and promotion plans based on each product’s development
stage and competitive landscape, thus creating professional, differentiated, and quality brand images. Concurrently, it
actively carried out post-marketing clinical trials to strengthen the evidence-based medical foundation for the product.


The Group actively carried out patient-oriented innovative promotion model, introducing a patient management
and service platform, and with the aid of disease knowledge popularization and patient assistance programs,
complemented by new media channel operations, enhancing patient recognition and product accessibility as well as
improving disease awareness and consultation rate. In addition, the Group has actively expanded the coverage of
retail market centered on pharmacies closed-to-hospitals and chain pharmacies to better undertake prescription traffic
diversion. Meanwhile it also built a retail training system empowering chain pharmacies to boost terminal sales.


The Group continued to adhere to the operation principle of “compliance first”, closely aligning with national and
industrial compliance trends to continuously optimize its internal policies, and has formed a comprehensive compliance
control and training system at the Group level, to solidify the foundation of its operations. Meanwhile, through routine
employee behavior management, business execution tracking, evaluation and assessment, complemented by
monitoring methods such as unannounced inspections, special inspections, the Group achieved real-time supervision,
effective early warning and comprehensive control of business compliance risks.


As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Group had approximately 4,400 professional marketing and promotion
related employees, with a promotion network covering over 50,000 hospitals and medical institutions, and
approximately 250 thousand retail pharmacies in China.




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         18
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     1. Marketed Products
     The Group’s major marketed products have covered the cardio-cerebrovascular, gastroenterology, ophthalmology,
     dermatology and medical aesthetic fields. An information summary of major products as of the end of the Reporting
     Period is as follows:


         Product line             Product                   Indication/Function                            Product Advantage

                                                       For the acute treatment of
                                                                                            The first diazepam nasal spray approved by China
                                   VALTOCO             frequent seizure activity (i.e.
                                                                                            NMPA, that can be administered at anytime and
                                                       seizure clusters, acute repetitive
                           (Diazepam Nasal Spray)                                           anywhere, meeting the clinical needs for accessible
                                                       seizures) in patients with
                               (innovative drug)                                            and convenient treatment option for epilepsy
                                                       epilepsy 6 years of age and
                                                                                            patients with seizures cluster.
                                                       above

                                  XinHuoSu
                                                                                            The only Recombinant Human Brain Natriuretic
                            (Recombinant Human         Acute decompensated heart
                                                                                            Peptide (rhBNP) medicine approved by China
           Cardio-         Brain Natriuretic Peptide   failure
                                                                                            NMPA
       cerebrovascular           for Injection)
        Line - Related

                                    Plendil                                                 The Calcium Channel Blocker (CCB) medicine
                                                       Hypertension and stable angina       suitable for Chinese patients, providing cardio-
                            (Felodipine Sustained      pectoris                             cerebrovascular protection and high vascular
                               Release Tablets)                                             selectivity

                                    Deanxit           Mild-to-moderate depression,          Original reference preparation, the preferred
                          (Flupentixol and Melitracen anxiety and psychosomatic             medicine for mild to moderate anxiety and
                                    Tablets)          affections                            depression


                                                       For the treatment of severe
                                 METOJECT              recalcitrant disabling psoriasis,
                                                                                            The first MTX pre-filled injection for subcutaneous
                                                       which is not adequately
                           (Methotrexate Injection)                                         administration for the treatment of psoriasis has
                                                       responsive to other forms of
                              (innovative drug)                                             been approved by China NMPA
                                                       therapy such as phototherapy,
                                                       PUVA, and retinoids


                                                       Ulcerative colitis, including the
                                                       treatment of acute exacerbations
                                                                                            Ranking the first in the market share of
                                   Salofalk            and the maintenance treatment
                                                                                            aminosalicylic acid, a first-line treatment for
                                                       to prevent recurrence, as well
                                 (Mesalazine)                                               inflammatory bowel disease in China according to
                                                       as the treatment of acute
                                                                                            2023 IQVIA data
                                                       exacerbations of Crohn’s
                                                       disease
       Gastroenterology
        Line - Related                                 Diarrhea in adults and children,
                                   Bioflor                                                  Probiotics preparations with abundant medical
                                                       as well as diarrhea symptoms
                          (Saccharomyces Boulardii                                          evidence and high-level recommendations from
                                                       induced by intestinal flora
                                  Sachets)                                                  authoritative domestic and overseas guidelines
                                                       disturbance


                                 Combizym                                                   Effective in both stomach and intestines, the
                                                       Dyspepsia caused by a                recommended digestive enzyme preparation for
                          (Oryz-aspergillus Enzyme     decrease in digestive enzymes        the replacement therapy of pancreatic exocrine
                           and Pancreatin Tablets)                                          insufficiency


                                   Ursofalk            Cholesterol gallstones in the        Stably ranking the first in sales among products
                            (Ursodeoxycholic Acid      gallbladder, cholestatic liver       in Chinese cholagogue market according to 2023
                                  Capsules)            disease and biliary reflux gastritis IQVIA data




19   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                                             (CONTINUED)




                                                   For the treatment of adult           The monoclonal antibody that specifically targets
                                ILUMETRI           patients with moderate-to-           to the p19 subunit of IL-23, and only requires 4
                       (Tildrakizumab Injection)   severe plaque psoriasis who are      administrations per year during its maintenance
                            (innovative drug)      candidates for systemic therapy      period, which may lead to higher patient
                                                   or phototherapy                      compliance


                                                   Blunt traumata with and without
                              Hirudoid
                                                   hematomas, and superficial
 Dermatology Line -     (Mucopolysaccharide                                             Repair agent for skin barrier with multiple functions
                                                   phlebitis that cannot be treated
     Related             Polysulfate Cream)
                                                   by compression


                                                   Different specifications for
                                                   sclerotherapy of different
                            Aethoxysklerol                                              A German original brand for the treatment of
                                                   varicose veins, including spider
                                                                                        sclerotherapy of varicose veins with years of clinical
                        (Polidocanol Injection)    veins, central veins of spider
                                                                                        application
                                                   veins, and medium to large
                                                   varicose veins


                      Heling Soothing Product      Skin soothing with a
                                                                                      Composed of four core ingredients that can
 Dermatology Grade             Series              combination of cleansing and
                                                                                      moisturize and soothe the skin, helping to repair
  Skincare Product                                 moisturizing which is suitable for
                       (including 3 products)                                         the skin barrier
                                                   sensitive skin

                                                   Used for mid to deep dermal
                                                   implantation for the correction of
                                                   moderate to severe nasolabial
                                                   folds (medium and macro
                             Vmonalisa
                                                   particle);                         Painless, fashionable and accessible luxury HA
                         (Modified Sodium                                             filler with multiple particle sizes from South Korea,
                        Hyaluronate Filler for                                        featured with safety and natural effect
                                                   Used for the deep dermal to
   Light Medical              Injection)
                                                   subcutaneous implantation for
     Aesthetic                                     the correction of moderate to
      Product                                      severe nasolabial folds (small
                                                   particle)


                      Neauvia Hyaluronic Acid                                           Crossing with polyethylene glycol based on a
                               Series*             Superficial and deep skin filling,   unique cross linker technology SMART, the product
                                                   long-term moisturizing               has excellent rheology, high biocompatibility and
                       (including 4 products)                                           good integrity


                      Augentropfen Stulln Mono
                              Eye Drops                                                 The representative medicine for the treatment of
                                               Senile macular degeneration
                             (Esculin and                                               asthenopia and the safe and convenient treatment
                                               and all forms of asthenopia
                       Digitalisglycosides Eye                                          option of senile macular degeneration
Ophthalmology Line              Drops)
    - Related

                                                                                        Using high-focused ultrasound technology, which
                                                   Glaucoma with intraocular
                         EyeOP1 Glaucoma                                                is a non-invasive procedure with precise targeting
                                                   pressure that cannot be
                          Treatment Device                                              and convenient operations, providing a safe and
                                                   controlled by drugs and surgery
                                                                                        effective innovative treatment for glaucoma



* Neauvia Hyaluronic Acid Series are sold in Hong Kong, China




                                                                                          CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED                  20
                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     During the Reporting Period, Deanxit has been affected by implementation of the seventh batch of National VBP, and
     Ursofalk and Plendil have been affected by implementation of the eighth batch of National VBP. Although Deanxit,
     Plendil and Ursofalk have not been selected in the National VBP, they are all original medicines with oral administration,
     and patients give a high recognition of their brands. Therefore, the overall negative impact could be expected.
     Revenues by product lines were as follows:

     •      The products under cardio-cerebrovascular line recorded a revenue of RMB3,519.2 million, a decrease of
            13.0% compared with the same period last year. In the case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group,
            the revenue of products under cardio-cerebrovascular line would decrease by 8.8% to RMB5,033.3 million
            compared with the same period last year, accounting for 53.1% of the Group’s revenue in the case that all
            medicines were directly sold by the Group.

     •      The revenue of products under gastroenterology line decreased by 15.4% to RMB3,057.0 million compared
            with the same period last year, accounting for 32.3% of the Group’s revenue in the case that all medicines were
            directly sold by the Group.

     •      The revenue of the products under dermatology and medical aesthetic lines increased by 20.2% to RMB569.0
            million, compared with the same period last year, accounting for 6.0% of the Group’s revenue in the case that
            all medicines were directly sold by the Group.

     •      The revenue of the products under ophthalmology line increased by 14.7% to RMB504.7 million, compared
            with the same period last year, accounting for 5.3% of the Group’s revenue in the case that all medicines were
            directly sold by the Group.

     •      Other products recorded revenue of RMB363.4 million, a decrease of 37.4% compared with the same period
            last year. In case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group, the revenue would decrease by 32.4% to
            RMB308.3 million compared with the same period last year, accounting for 3.3% of the Group’s revenue in the
            case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group.


     III. Dermatology and Medical Aesthetic Business

     With the support of the Group-wide resources, the dermatology and medical aesthetic business "CMS Skinhealth"
     has formed a mature business system with rich business formats after three years’ diligent exploration and continuous
     construction, and built a tripartite business structure consisting of dermatology prescription business unit, medical
     aesthetic products business unit, and new retail business unit. The gradual maturation of this system marks that
     CMS Skinhealth has completed the initial establishment of the skin health management ecosystem. Equipped with an
     organizational and talent structure that aligns with business development, CMS Skinhealth has effectively improved
     operational compliance and efficiency, gradually moving toward becoming "the largest and most professional skin-
     health management company in China".

     In terms of product layout, CMS Skinhealth has followed the strategy of “one body” (dermatology prescription
     products) and “two wings” (dermatology-grade skincare products and light medical aesthetic products). Through both
     in-house development and external collaboration, CMS Skinhealth has launched differentiated products in an orderly
     manner, continually optimizing full lifecycle skin-health management solutions. Under continuous advancement of
     dermatological biotechnology along with the rapid changes in public aesthetic concepts, CMS Skinhealth continues to
     meet the diverse needs of various age groups and consumer segments for skin health and aesthetics.


21   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                           (CONTINUED)




With evidence-based medicine at its core, CMS Skinhealth has built a professional expert network platform for
dermatology prescription products; it has explored a patient-oriented operating model to enhance patients' awareness
of skin diseases and improve drug accessibility and information accessibility. For dermatology-grade skincare products
with both medical and consumer attributes, CMS Skinhealth has actively constructed a scientific skin health concept
that integrates treatment and care, conducted in-depth interpretation of product efficacy, and utilized the promotion
matrix of new media platforms for direct consumer branding and reputation accumulation, to support continuous
conversion of terminal sales. For injectable light medical aesthetic products, CMS Skinhealth has built a multi-
dimensional promotion model involving academics, medical practices, operations, consulting and branding through
item-driven strategies and institutional empowerment. During the Reporting Period, it achieved unified outputs and
expanded brand influence.

As of the end of the Reporting Period, CMS Skinhealth had approximately 700 employees, covering nearly 10,000
hospitals and medical institutions in China.


1. The dermatology prescription portfolio was continued to expand, and the commercialization
process of innovative drugs was fully advanced.
CMS Skinhealth has built a competitive products portfolio for dermatologic disease treatment, covering indications
such as vitiligo, psoriasis, phlebitis, varicose veins and atopic dermatitis, etc.

During the Reporting Period, new breakthroughs has been made in the development and commercialization of
innovative products. Tildrakizumab Injection (ILUMETRI), an innovative biological agent specifically targeting the p19
subunit of IL-23 for the treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis, was successfully approved for marketing in
China and included in the Category B of the NRDL. CMS Skinhealth has officially initiated the promotion of ILUMETRI,
relying on the accumulated academic platform of existing marketed products including Hirudoid (the repair agent for
skin barrier with multiple functions) and Aethoxysklerol (a German original brand for the treatment of sclerotherapy
of varicose veins with years of clinical application), actively participated in industry seminars, and multi-dimensionally
expanded the expert network to promote the academic concepts for long-term treatment of psoriasis patients.

Benefiting from the Early and Pilot Implementation Policy granted by the state to Hainan Free Trade Port and the
Pilot Zone, in August 2023, the innovative product ruxolitinib cream was approved by Hainan Medical Products
Administration for Urgent Clinical Import, and officially became available to applicable patients in the Hainan Boao
Super Hospital, for the topical treatment of non-segmental vitiligo in adolescents and adults aged 12 and above with
facial involvement. As of the end of the Reporting Period, more than a thousand patients have received treatment from
the expert team.


2. Injectable light medical aesthetic products portfolio was continued to expand, building a
comprehensive product matrix
CMS Skinhealth has advanced the deployment and development of light medical aesthetic products with a scientific
mindset, and provided personalized solutions for various facial concerns among consumers.




                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          22
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     During the Reporting Period, in addition to the existing marketed Korean hyaluronic acid (HA) product - Vmonalisa (the
     painless, fashionable and accessible luxury medium-to-macro-particle HA filler, featured with safety and natural effect),
     the small-particle HA product under the same brand has been approved for marketing in China. Besides, in May 2023
     and January 2024, CMS Skinhealth entered into exclusive license agreements with Jiangsu Xihong Biopharma Co.,
     Ltd., to commercialize Poly-L-lactic Acid Microparticle Filler Injection, Polycaprolactone Microsphere Gel for Injection
     and Calcium Hydroxylapatite Microsphere Gel for Injection in mainland China, Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan. All
     three products, classified as Class III medical devices, are currently under clinical development stage in China, which
     are injectable implants developed for subcutaneous layer and deep dermis to correct moderate to severe nasolabial
     fold wrinkles. This product portfolio will be synergized with mainstream light medical aesthetic products such as
     Korean HA product - Vmonalisa sold by CMS Skinhealth, to provide a comprehensive light medical aesthetic solution
     for consumers.

     Poly-L-lactic Acid Microparticle Filler Injection- a regenerative medical aesthetic product adopting
     patented microparticle preparation process to achieve plumping, firming, elasticity and natural skin
     rejuvenation
     Poly-L-lactic Acid (PLLA), the main component of the product, is the high polymer material that is highly biocompatible
     and completely degradable with proven safety and efficacy. PLLA gradually degrades after injection, which can
     effectively stimulate human body’s collagen regeneration to promote skin rejuvenation. In addition, the product
     adopts patented microparticle preparation process, which turns microparticles into regular shape and uniform size,
     and microparticles can be evenly distributed beneath the dermis, and the product could achieve relatively sound
     performance in the clinical application.

     Polycaprolactone Microsphere Gel for Injection - an injectable anti-aging product with multi-effect of
     instant filling, contour shaping, and collagen regeneration through innovative gel
     The product is mainly composed of polycaprolactone (PCL) microspheres and gel carrier. PCL is a completely
     degradable medical-grade material with wide clinical applications. Meanwhile, the less irritating gel carrier makes the
     product have good biocompatibility, which effectively reduces adverse reactions. Therefore, while achieving rapid filling
     and shaping, the product stimulates autologous collagen regeneration. In addition, this product contains lidocaine
     hydrochloride with local anesthetic effect, reducing injection pain and delivering patients a better user experience.

     Calcium Hydroxylapatite Microsphere Gel for Injection - a regenerative medical aesthetic product adopting
     high-viscosity gel microsphere mixing technology to achieve facial filling and shaping, creating a three-
     dimensional facial appearance
     The product is mainly made of calcium hydroxyphosphate (CaHA) microspheres and gel carrier. CaHA has mature
     clinical applications and its metabolites are calcium and phosphorus inorganic substances, similar to human bone
     components and can be completely absorbed by human body, ensuring the product’s high biocompatibility and
     safety. The product uses an improved microsphere processing technique and a scientifically proportioned gel, making
     the microspheres distributed evenly within the skin tissue, minimizing filler displacement and gently stimulating human
     body’s collagen regeneration, to achieve a long-lasting, natural-looking face slimming effect.




23   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                        (CONTINUED)




3. R&D of focused ultrasound medical aesthetic devices advanced in an orderly manner,
solidifying the foundation of the R&D platform.
“Carnation”, a focused ultrasound technology R&D platform of CMS Skinhealth, continuously promoted technological
innovation and breakthrough in energy-based medical aesthetic devices based on the analysis of application scenarios
and market demands.

FUBA 5200 Focused Ultrasound Body Contouring System, the major pipeline product in this R&D platform, is a non-
invasive body shaping device with independent intellectual property right, and has been granted multiple utility model
and appearance patents in China. During the Reporting Period, the China registrational clinical trial of FUBA 5200
Focused Ultrasound Body Contouring System was advancing in an orderly manner with all subjects completed and
out, and the preparations for registration in China have been carried out in progress.


IV. Ophthalmology Business

The Group's ophthalmology business "CMS Vision" focuses on the identification, development and commercialization
of urgently needed clinical solutions, and is committed to becoming a leading ophthalmology pharmaceutical and
device company in China. CMS Vision's development is driven by both the R&D and strong commercialization
capabilities of ophthalmic products. Through internal and external collaboration, it continues to enrich its product
portfolio to enhance its overall layout of ophthalmic prescription drugs, devices and consumables. During the
Reporting Period, the business structure was optimized, and efforts were made to improve management capabilities
and professional competence, so as to build a highly professional ophthalmology team with profound understanding
of products and the market.


1. Major Marketed Products
CMS Vision’s major marketed products include the exclusive medicine Augentropfen Stulln Mono Eye Drops (the
representative medicine for the treatment of asthenopia and the safe and convenient treatment option of senile
macular degeneration) and the innovative medical device EyeOP1 Glaucoma Treatment Device (using high-focused
ultrasound technology, which is a non-invasive procedure with precise targeting and convenient operations, providing
a safe and effective innovative treatment for glaucoma). In order to better realize the commercial value transformation
of the innovative medical device EyeOP1 Glaucoma Treatment Device, CMS Vision has emphasized on the product
advantages of “non-invasive and safe intraocular pressure reduction” to enhance the recognition and popularity of
this innovative surgical procedure (Ultrasound Cyclo Plasty), promoting innovation in clinical diagnosis and treatment
concepts and accelerating product brand building.

As of the end of the Reporting Period, CMS Vision had more than 350 employees, covering approximately 10,000
hospitals and medical institutions in China.




                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         24
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     2. Progress of Pipeline Product
     VEGFA/ANG2 Tetravalent Bispecific Antibody - for the treatment of ocular fundus neovascular diseases,
     achieving stronger effectiveness and lower dosing frequency compared with existing anti-VEGF drugs
     The tetravalent bispecific anti-VEGFA (vascular endothelial growth factor A) / ANG2 (angiopoietin 2) antibody for
     intravitreal injection (the “Tetravalent Bispecific Antibody Product”) has been granted an approval for drug clinical trials
     issued in April 2023 by China NMPA and agreed to conduct the clinical trials in neovascular age-related macular
     degeneration (nAMD). During the Reporting Period, the Tetravalent Bispecific Antibody Product was in the Phase I
     clinical trial stage in China.

     The Tetravalent Bispecific Antibody Product is a Class 1 Innovative Biological Product with a unique nano-antibody
     design bearing specific targeting VEGFA and ANG2, which can effectively inhibit abnormal neovascularization through
     two different pathways, for treatment of the ocular fundus neovascular diseases. The Tetravalent Bispecific Antibody
     Product enjoys the differentiation advantages of high affinity, strong inhibitory activity, high preparation concentration,
     good stability and a low dosing frequency, possessing important clinical implications.


     V. Southeast Asia Business

     As emerging markets with great potential along the line of the Belt and Road Initiative, the Southeast Asian market
     possesses favorable economic prospects and a sound business environment. In recent years, with an aging
     population and an increasing burden of non-infectious diseases, pharmaceutical consumption demands in Southeast
     Asian countries have continued to grow rapidly, resulting in a significant increase in local healthcare expenditures. With
     an insightful strategic vision, the Group has established a platform-based and systematic Southeast Asia business,
     “Rxilient Health”, committed to building a "bridgehead" for global pharmaceutical companies to enter Southeast Asia
     and providing Southeast Asian patients with innovative drugs of both differentiated advantages and cost-effectiveness.

     During the Reporting Period, independently operated by a local team that is well-versed in the local pharmaceutical
     ecosystem, Rxilient Health continuously improved its platform-based systematic operation structure, integrating
     product introduction, development, manufacture, formulation CDMO (contract development and manufacturing
     organization), marketing and promotion, and made substantial progress.


     1. Continued to expand differentiated product pipeline based on the first-line clinical needs
     in the Southeast Asian market
     Continuing to rely on the Group's product resources and focused on local clinical needs, Rxilient Health has built a
     portfolio of over ten products, covering various areas such as oncology, metabolism, dermatology, ophthalmology, and
     central nervous system. This includes the marketed innovative medical devices EyeOP1 Glaucoma Treatment Device,
     as well as a variety of pipelines, including ruxolitinib cream, Methylthioninium Chloride Enteric-coated Sustained-
     release Tablets, Diazepam Nasal Spray and other quality innovative products.




25   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                            (CONTINUED)




In March 2023, Rxilient Health entered into a collaboration agreement with Shanghai Junshi Biosciences Co., Ltd.
(“Junshi Biosciences”). The two parties will collaborate to develop and commercialize intravenous toripalimab in nine
Southeast Asia countries via a joint venture, Excellmab Pte. Ltd, providing quality China innovative drug for local
cancer patients.

Toripalimab – As of the end of the Reporting Period, the first China-originated anti-PD-1 monoclonal
antibody drug has been approved for marketing by China NMPA and the US FDA
Toripalimab has won the “Chinese Patent Gold Award ( 中國專利金獎 )”, the top award in China’s patent field. The
product’s 7 indications have been approved in mainland China. The Biologics License Application (BLA) has been
approved by the U.S. FDA for toripalimab, in combination with cisplatin and gemcitabine, indicated for the first-
line treatment of adults with metastatic or recurrent locally-advanced nasopharyngeal carcinoma (NPC), and for
toripalimab, as a single agent, is indicated for the treatment of adults with recurrent, unresectable, or metastatic NPC
with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy. As of the end of the Reporting Period, it has
become the first and only drug approved for the treatment of NPC in the United States and also the first innovative
biological drug independently developed and manufactured in China approved by the FDA. Besides, the European
Medicines Agency (EMA), the British Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA), the Australia
Therapeutic Goods Administration (TGA) and the Singapore Health Sciences Authority (HSA) have respectively
accepted the marketing authorization applications (MAA) for several toripalimab’s indications.


2. Completed the acquisition of a manufacture plant in Singapore, accelerating the process
of CDMO business in Southeast Asia
In December 2023, the joint venture, PharmaGend Global Medical Services Pte. Ltd. (“PharmaGend”), jointly invested
by the Group, Rxilient Health, Pharmaron and Legend Fund, has entered into a lease agreement for the building and
property located in Tuas, Singapore and completed the purchase of certain production machines and equipment from
Strides Pharma Global Pte. Ltd. (“Singapore manufacturing plant”).

The Singapore manufacturing plant has advanced manufacturing machines, equipment and first-class infrastructure.
It had been approved by Health Sciences Authority of Singapore (HSA), the U.S. FDA and Therapeutic Goods
Administration of Australia (TGA). It will serve as the plant and site for PharmaGend to carry out pharmaceutical
formulation, finishing, and packaging business, accelerating the formulation CDMO business development in
Singapore. The progress in series will promote the internationalization, quality, and sustainable healthy development of
collaborative parties, and are expected to improve the accessibility of high-quality drugs with unmet clinical needs in
emerging markets.

The acquisition of Singapore manufacturing plant will optimize the Group’s overseas supply chain and manufacturing
capabilities, and enhance the safety and stability of its international supply chain. In addition, it will help CMS to carry
out product collaborations with its global partners in the future and promote more collaborations opportunities.




                                                                               CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           26
                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     Subsequent Events
     Gaining Exclusive License of an Innovative Product– First-line Phosphate-lowering Drug Velphoro

     Following the Reporting Period, on 2 February 2024, the Group through a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company
     entered into a Novation Agreement (the “Novation Agreement”) with Vifor Fresenius Medical Care Renal Pharma Ltd.
     (“VFMCRP”) and Winhealth Investment (HK) Limited (“Winhealth Investment”) for sucroferric oxyhydroxide chewable
     tablets Velphoro (“Velphoro” or the “Product”). Winhealth Investment and VFMCRP entered into a License Agreement
     (“Velphoro License Agreement”) for the Product on 28 June 2023. In accordance with Velphoro License Agreement,
     Winhealth Investment gained an exclusive license to register, import, promote, distribute, use and sell the Product
     in Mainland China, Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, Macao Special Administrative Region and Taiwan
     Region (the “Territory”). Velphoro License Agreement commenced on its effective date and continues to be valid
     until the fifteenth anniversary of the date of the Product’s first commercial sale in the Territory. Upon the expiration of
     the aforementioned term, Velphoro License Agreement may automatically be renewed for ten years as per certain
     conditions defined in Velphoro License Agreement. Thereafter, unless the parties reach a new agreement, Velphoro
     License Agreement will terminate upon expiration. In accordance with the Novation Agreement, Winhealth Investment
     novated its above-mentioned rights and obligations for the Product to a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.

     Approvals of Drug Clinical Trials for Innovative Drugs Highly Selective TYK2 Inhibitor CMS-D001 and GnRH
     Receptor Antagonist CMS-D002

     CMS-D001 tablets (“CMS-D001”) and CMS-D002 capsules (“CMS-D002”) self-developed by the Group have been
     granted approvals for drug clinical trials recently by National Medical Products Administration of the People’s Republic
     of China (“NMPA”). NMPA agrees to conduct (i) a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled phase I clinical study
     of single or multiple dose escalation and food effects (open) to evaluate the safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetics
     and efficacy of CMS-D001 in healthy subjects and patients with plaque psoriasis; and (ii) a randomized, double-
     blind, placebo-controlled phase I clinical study of single or multiple dose escalation to evaluate the safety, tolerability,
     pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of CMS-D002 in healthy adult premenopausal female subjects.

     Approval to Conduct a Phase 3 Clinical Trial Investigating Ruxolitinib Cream in Atopic Dermatitis in China

     NMPA has approved the application to conduct a clinical trial evaluating the safety and efficacy of ruxolitinib cream for
     the treatment of mild to moderate atopic dermatitis (AD) on 18 March 2024.




27   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                          (CONTINUED)




Impacts of Significant Industrial Policies
In 2023, the adjustment of the NRDL and the National VBP has continued to be carried out on a normalized and
standardized basis.

Regarding the adjustment of the NRDL, during the Reporting Period, the Group’s four products approved for
marketing in China were all included in the NRDL, among which the innovative drugs Diazepam Nasal Spray (VALTOCO)
and Tildrakizumab Injection (ILUMETRI), and tetrabenazine tablets, a rare disease drug, have been newly included
in Category B of China's "2023 NRDL"; the innovative drug Methotrexate Injection-Psoriasis (METOJECT) has been
directly included in Category A of the NRDL due to its generic name. With the official implementation of the 2023
NRDL on January 1, 2024, it is expected to enhance patient accessibility and affordability to innovative drugs, so that
innovative products can benefit more patients. At the same time, it helps to promote product market coverage and
professional brand building, and accelerates the large-scale clinical application of innovative products, which will have
a positive effect on the Group's development.

Regarding the National VBP, as of the end of the Reporting Period, the chemical names of the Group’s three major
marketed products were included in the National VBP, among which, Deanxit’s chemical name Flupentixol and
Melitracen Tablets Immediate-release Oral Dosage Forms was included in the seventh batch of National VBP catalog.
While Plendil’s chemical name Felodipine Sustained-release and Controlled-release Tablets Dosage Forms, and
Ursofalk’s chemical name Ursodeoxycholic Acid Immediate-release Oral Dosage Forms were included in the eighth
batch of National VBP catalog. The seventh and eighth batches of National VBP were implemented successively in
each province and city in November 2022 and July 2023 respectively, and Deanxit, Plendil and Ursofalk were not
selected. However, all of the three drugs are original medicines with oral administration, with characteristics of well-
recognized brand, so that the overall negative impact on sales could be expected.

During the Reporting Period, the Group continued to improve its sales strategies for national VBP products and
strengthen its OTC markets deployment, so that to reduce the negative impact of national VBP on business
performances. At the same time, the Group focused on brand building and market expansion of marketed innovative
drugs, exclusive drugs, and products with both medical and consumer attributes. It also actively promoted the clinical
development and registration of innovative products, accelerating the adjustment of product portfolio toward a more
competitive, longer life-cycle and healthier structure.


Future Development
Looking ahead, the potential and vitality of China's pharmaceutical industry will continue to be unleashed, forming
strong supports with various advantages, and the long-term optimistic trend of the industry will not be changed.
Adapting to the everchanging environment, CMS adheres to doing the “difficult yet right” things, assuming a new
mission in innovation and enhancing its development resilience. The Group strives to make breakthroughs in each
business, and strengthens its advantages in the specialty therapeutic field.




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          28
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     In the future, the Group will continue to focus on differentiated innovation driven by clinical needs, actively explore
     opportunities for industrial collaboration, independent R&D and advantages integrations. While mutually benefiting
     from its global innovation partners, the Group will continually expand innovative portfolio that meets clinical needs and
     with academic value and strong commercial competitiveness. Through effective management of the entire lifecycle
     of innovative products, the Group will accelerate the clinical development and registration process, to facilitate the
     continue approvals and launches of innovative products.

     The Group will actively explore innovative promotion models and improve professional competence of its employees,
     to vigorously promote the in-depth development of its three advantageous specialty business divisions: cardio-
     cerebrovascular/gastroenterology, dermatology/medical aesthetics, and ophthalmology. Meanwhile, the Group will
     continue to invest in digital and intelligent transformation, iteratively upgrade the refined operating systems with
     compliance, and build a more agile operating organization through streamlining and reshaping of business processes.

     Simultaneously, CMS will continue to focus on its emerging markets international development strategy, starting with
     Southeast Asia. Focusing on the unmet clinical medication needs in Southeast Asia and other emerging markets,
     it will continue to explore and seize the industrial collaboration opportunities with a holistic perspective, constantly
     solidifying the one-stop platform integrating “R&D, Manufacturing and Marketing”. Meanwhile, the Group will continue
     to expand its international business to developing countries including the Middle East and North Africa, gradually
     establishing a commercialization network accessible to emerging markets worldwide, empowering Chinese and global
     pharmaceutical companies to realize their emerging markets focused globalization strategy and continuously building
     a collaborative, mutually beneficial pharmaceutical innovation ecosystem.

     With thorough preparations, the Group will meet the higher requirements posed by the complex and ever-changing
     external environment for its business development. Looking ahead, the Group is ready to unleash its potential and will
     fully embrace a brighter future full of opportunities. By leveraging the in-depth development of differentiated innovative
     products, the specialty-focused and efficient commercialization platform, and the international business development
     in Southeast Asia and other emerging markets, the Group will maintain its high quality and sustained development.
     The Group will firmly seize the strategic policy opportunity brought by building the "Healthy China", closely follow the
     industry trends and move forward to enhance the quality of life through innovative biotechnology to further safeguard
     human health.




29   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                         (CONTINUED)




Financial Review
In reading the following discussion and analysis, please also refer to the audited consolidated financial statements and
notes to the financial statements in the Annual Report.

The Group prepared its consolidated financial statements in accordance with the International Financial Reporting
Standards. The Group’s financial performance is summarized as follows:

Turnover
Turnover decreased by 12.4% from RMB9,150.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2022 to RMB8,013.3
million for the year ended 31 December 2023. In the case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group, turnover
decreased by 9.8% to RMB9,472.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2023 from RMB10,497.5 million for the
year ended 31 December 2022, mainly due to a decrease of RMB1,708.7 million in sales of three pharmaceutical
products resulted from the impact of implementation of the National Volume Based Procurement (“National VBP”),
and the sales of these three pharmaceutical products for the second half of the year declined approximately 50%
compared with the second half of last year.

Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin
Gross profit decreased by 13.2% from RMB7,035.8 million for the year ended 31 December 2022 to RMB6,109.2
million for the year ended 31 December 2023; in the case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group, gross
profit decreased by 12.4% to RMB6,053.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2023 from RMB6,910.5 million
for the year ended 31 December 2022, primarily reflecting a decrease in turnover. Gross profit margin decreased by
0.7 percentage point to 76.2% for the year ended 31 December 2023 from 76.9% for the year ended 31 December
2022; in the case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group, gross profit margin decreased by 1.9 percentage
points to 63.9% for the year ended 31 December 2023 from 65.8% for the year ended 31 December 2022, primarily
reflecting a decrease in selling prices of some pharmaceutical products resulted from the impact of implementation of
the National VBP.

Selling Expenses
Selling expenses decreased by 7.7% from RMB2,721.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2022 to RMB2,511.3
million for the year ended 31 December 2023; selling expenses as a percentage of turnover increased by 1.6
percentage points to 31.3% for the year ended 31 December 2023 from 29.7% for the year ended 31 December
2022. In the case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group, selling expenses as a percentage of turnover
increased by 1.2 percentage points to 25.9% for the year ended 31 December 2023 from 24.7% for the year ended
31 December 2022, mainly due to an increase in resources injected to develop new businesses, and a decrease in
sales of some pharmaceutical products resulted from the impact of implementation of the National VBP.

Administrative Expenses
Administrative expenses increased by 3.1% from RMB636.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2022 to
RMB656.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2023; administrative expenses as a percentage of turnover
increased by 1.2 percentage points to 8.2% for the year ended 31 December 2023 from 7.0% for the year ended
31 December 2022. In the case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group, administrative expenses as a
percentage of turnover increased by 0.8 percentage point to 6.9% for the year ended 31 December 2023 from
6.1% for the year ended 31 December 2022, primarily reflecting an increase in administrative maintenance expenses
required by the development of new businesses, and a decrease in sales of some pharmaceutical products resulted
from the impact of implementation of the National VBP.


                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         30
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     Research and Development Expenditures
     The Group’s research and development expenditures included investments for the continuous expansion of innovative
     product pipelines, expenditures on development, registration and clinical trial of new products, salaries and related
     expenses of staff who were engaged in the aforesaid affairs. Research and development expenditures included the
     expensed research and development expenditures (i.e. research and development expenses) and capital payments
     (including payments for acquisition of equity investments in research and development companies and payment for
     acquisition and development of product rights).

     Total research and development expenditures increased by 11.7% from RMB730.6 million for the year ended 31
     December 2022 to RMB815.9 million for the year ended 31 December 2023. Total research and development
     expenditures as a percentage of turnover for the year ended 31 December 2023 was 10.2%, representing an increase
     of 2.2 percentage points from 8.0% for the year ended 31 December 2022. In the case that all medicines were
     directly sold by the Group, total research and development expenditures as a percentage of turnover increased by
     1.6 percentage points to 8.6% for the year ended 31 December 2023 from 7.0% for the year ended 31 December
     2022, primarily reflecting increases in research and development activities, and acquisition of equities in research and
     development companies.

     Research and development expenses increased by 55.6% from RMB125.4 million for the year ended 31 December
     2022 to RMB195.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2023. Research and development expenses as a
     percentage of turnover for the year ended 31 December 2023 was 2.4%, representing an increase of 1.0 percentage
     point from 1.4% for the year ended 31 December 2022. In the case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group,
     research and development expenses as a percentage of turnover for the year ended 31 December 2023 was 2.1%,
     representing an increase of 0.9 percentage point from 1.2% for the year ended 31 December 2022.

     Capital payments (set out in the table below) increased by 2.6% from RMB605.2 million for the year ended 31
     December 2022 to RMB620.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2023. Such capital payments as a percentage
     of turnover for the year ended 31 December 2023 was 7.7%, representing an increase of 1.1 percentage points
     from 6.6% for the year ended 31 December 2022. In the case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group,
     such capital payments as a percentage of turnover increased by 0.8 percentage point to 6.6% for the year ended 31
     December 2023 from 5.8% for the year ended 31 December 2022.
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December
                                                                                          2023              2022
                                                                                       RMB’000            RMB’000

     Payment for acquisition of equity investments
      in research and development companies                                                   344,975               98,577
     Payment for acquisition and development of product rights                                275,769              506,585

                                                                                              620,744              605,162




31   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                              MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                     (CONTINUED)




Other Income
Other income increased by 16.9% from RMB198.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2022 to RMB232.1 million
for the year ended 31 December 2023, mainly due to an increase in interest income.

Other Gains and Losses
Other gains and losses decreased by 7,909.5% from a loss of RMB4.2 million for the year ended 31 December
2022 to a loss of RMB336.0 million for the year ended 31 December 2023, mainly due to an increase in provisions of
impairment losses on related assets.

Share of Result of Associates
Share of result of associates increased by 322.6% from RMB65.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2022 to
RMB275.0 million for year ended 31 December 2023, mainly reflecting an increase in net profit of associates.

Finance Costs
Finance costs decreased by 5.8% from RMB49.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2022 to RMB46.3 million
for the year ended 31 December 2023, mainly due to a decrease in bank borrowings used.

Income Tax Expense
Income tax expense increased by 0.6% from RMB486.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2022 to RMB489.3
million for the year ended 31 December 2023, mainly due to an increase in withholding tax arising on intercompany
dividend distribution.

Profit for the Year
Profit for the year decreased by 27.2% from RMB3,276.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2022 to
RMB2,384.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2023; normalized profit for the year decreased by 18.8% from
RMB3,338.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2022 to RMB2,709.3 million for the year ended 31 December
2023, mainly due to a decrease in turnover and an increase in expenses.

Inventories
Inventories increased by 33.6% from RMB477.2 million as at 31 December 2022 to RMB637.6 million as at 31
December 2023. Average inventory turnover days increased from 82 days for the year ended 31 December 2022 to
107 days for the year ended 31 December 2023, mainly reflecting a higher stock level and a decrease in sales volume
of some pharmaceutical products resulted from the impact of implementation of the National VBP.

Trade Receivables
Trade receivables decreased by 20.5% from RMB1,442.0 million as at 31 December 2022 to RMB1,146.7 million as
at 31 December 2023. Average trade receivables turnover days increased to 76 days for the year ended 31 December
2023 from 70 days for the year ended 31 December 2022, mainly due to a decrease in sales of some pharmaceutical
products resulted from the impact of implementation of the National VBP.




                                                                          CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED       32
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     Trade Payables
     Trade payables decreased by 20.4% from RMB178.0 million as at 31 December 2022 to RMB141.7 million as at
     31 December 2023. Average trade payables turnover days increased to 31 days for the year ended 31 December
     2023 from 28 days for the year ended 31 December 2022, mainly reflecting a decrease in sales volume of some
     pharmaceutical products resulted from the impact of implementation of the National VBP.

     Liquidity and Financial Resources
     As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s bank balances and cash amounted to RMB4,311.1 million while readily
     realizable bank acceptance bills amounted to RMB181.0 million. As at 31 December 2022, the bank balances and
     cash amounted to RMB4,376.4 million while readily realizable bank acceptance bills amounted to RMB269.6 million.

     As at 31 December 2023, the cash and cash equivalents of the Group were mainly denominated in RMB, United
     States Dollar (“US$”), Euro (“EUR”) and Hong Kong Dollars (“HK$”).


     The following table is a summary of our consolidated statements of cash flows:

                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December
                                                                                                 2023              2022
                                                                                             RMB’000            RMB’000
     Net cash from operating activities                                                     2,502,853          3,553,243
     Net cash used in investing activities                                                   (442,276)        (1,178,202)
     Net cash used in financing activities                                                 (2,125,024)        (1,399,914)
     Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalent                                       (64,447)          975,127

     Cash and cash equivalent at beginning of the year                                    4,376,376           3,385,739
     Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                                   (871)             15,510
     Cash and cash equivalent at end of the year                                          4,311,058           4,376,376


     Net cash from operating activities
     For the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group’s net cash generated from operating activities was RMB2,502.9
     million compared with RMB3,553.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2022, a decrease of 29.6% mainly due
     to a decrease in operating profit of some pharmaceutical products resulted from the impact of implementation of the
     National VBP.


     Net cash used in investing activities
     For the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group’s net cash used in investing activities was RMB442.3 million
     compared with RMB1,178.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2022, a decrease of 62.5% mainly due to a
     decrease in purchase of product rights, and an increase in dividend received from associates.


     Net cash used in financing activities
     For the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group’s net cash used in financing activities was RMB2,125.0 million
     compared with RMB1,399.9 million for the year ended 31 December 2022, an increase of 51.8% mainly due to an
     increase in repayment of bank borrowings.

33   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                        (CONTINUED)




Net Current Assets

                                                                                       As at 31 December
                                                                                          2023              2022
                                                                                      RMB’000            RMB’000
Current Assets
 Inventories                                                                            637,636              477,206
 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                1,832,258            1,491,336
 Trade receivables                                                                    1,146,738            1,442,035
 Other receivables and prepayments                                                      421,849              601,909
 Loan receivable                                                                         35,945               70,168
 Tax recoverable                                                                            784                  253
 Derivative financial instruments                                                             -               42,021
 Amount due from associates                                                             408,167              328,072
 Bank balances and cash                                                               4,311,058            4,376,376
                                                                                      8,794,435            8,829,376
Current Liabilities
 Trade payables                                                                         141,664              178,009
 Other payables                                                                         295,312              385,185
 Lease liabilities                                                                       15,416               15,804
 Contract liabilities                                                                    12,733               21,614
 Bank borrowings                                                                      1,269,650            1,783,337
 Derivative financial instruments                                                        17,227                  562
 Deferred consideration payables                                                          1,000                1,000
 Obligation arising from put options                                                          -              163,773
 Tax liabilities                                                                        295,784              327,819
                                                                                      2,048,786            2,877,103

Net current assets                                                                    6,745,649            5,952,273


The Group’s liquidity requirements will be satisfied by a combination of cash flow generated from operating activities,
long-term bank loans and other financing means, according to the corporate development strategy.

Capital Expenditures

The following table shows the Group’s capital expenditure:

                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December
                                                                                           2023               2022
                                                                                       RMB’000            RMB’000
Deposits for acquisition of intangible assets                                           275,769            506,585
Purchase of land use right                                                               14,701                  -
Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                                27,490             18,336
                                                                                        317,960            524,921



                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         34
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     Capital Structure and Gearing Ratio

     The Company reviews the capital structure on a regular basis, and considers the cost of capital and the risks
     associated with each class of capital, for maximizing the return to shareholders of the Company.

     The following table shows the Group’s debts:
                                                                                            As at 31 December
                                                                                               2023              2022
                                                                                           RMB’000            RMB’000
     Interest bearing bank borrowings                                                     1,269,650         1,783,337


     The Group had bank borrowings of RMB1,269.7 million as at 31 December 2023 (31 December 2022: RMB1,783.3
     million). The details of bank borrowings are set out in note 29 to the consolidated financial statements.

     As said above, along with an increase in the Group’s bank borrowings, the Group’s gearing ratio, calculated as bank
     borrowings divided by total assets, decreased by 2.8 percentage points to 7.2% as at 31 December 2023 from 10.0%
     as at 31 December 2022.

     Market Risks

     We are exposed to various types of market risks, including interest rate risks, foreign exchange risks, policy risks
     and inflation risks in the normal course of business. These risks are set out in note 36 to the consolidated financial
     statements.

     The Group is mainly exposed to currency risk of the US$, EUR and HK$. For the Group’s subsidiaries in China,
     the conversion of RMB into foreign currencies is subject to the rules and regulations of foreign exchange control
     promulgated by the PRC government. Any significant exchange rate fluctuations of foreign currencies against RMB
     may have a financial impact on the Group. The Group closely monitors the fluctuation of exchange rates and reviews
     the foreign currency risk management strategy from time to time, the management will consider hedging foreign
     currency exposure as appropriate. As at 31 December 2023, the Group had entered into certain foreign currency
     forward contracts to hedge foreign currency risk, for details please refer to note 32 to the consolidated financial
     statements.

     The Group will closely monitor movements of interest rate and foreign currencies market so as to mitigate the
     expected risk on interest rate and foreign currencies.

     Pledge of Assets

     As at 31 December 2023, the Group had no pledge of assets.


     Contingent Liabilities

     As at 31 December 2023, the Group had no material contingent liabilities.




35   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                           (CONTINUED)




Acquisitions and Disposals of Subsidiaries, Associates and Joint Ventures

In February 2023, in order to focus more on its core business, the Group was deemed to dispose of its subsidiary
Hebei Xinglong Xili Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., which was transferred to a joint venture of the Group at the same date,
details are disclosed in note 43 to the consolidated financial statements.

Save as disclosed above, there has been no acquisition or disposal of subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures by the
Group during the year ended 31 December 2023.

Loan Agreements with Covenants Relating to Specific Performance of the Controlling Shareholder

On 27 March 2020, Sky United Trading Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (as borrower, the
“Borrower”) and the Company (as guarantor) entered into a facility agreement (the “SC Facility Agreement”) with
Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited (as lender) in respect of a US$40,000,000 term loan facility (the “SC
Facility”) made available to the Borrower for a term of 36 months from the first utilization date under the SC Facility
Agreement. On 26 May 2021, CMS International Development and Management Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary
of the Company (as borrower, the “Borrower”) and the Company (as guarantor) entered into a facility agreement (the
“DBS Facility Agreement”) with DBS Bank (Hong Kong) Limited (as lender) in respect of a US$50,000,000 term loan
facility (the “DBS Facility”) made available to the Borrower for a term of 22 months from the first utilization date under
the DBS Facility Agreement.

Pursuant to the SC Facility Agreement and DBS Facility Agreement, if, among other things, Mr. Lam Kong, the
chairman (“Chairman”) of the board of directors (the “Board”), an executive director and a controlling shareholder (as
defined in the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “SEHK”) (the
“Listing Rules”)) of the Company: (i) ceases to directly or indirectly own more than 30% of the total issued shares (of
each class) in the Company; or (ii)ceases to directly or indirectly be the single largest shareholder in the issued shares
(of each class) in the Company, the lender may, by not less than 30 days’ notice in advance to the Borrower, cancel
all commitments under the SC Facility and DBS Facility, respectively, and declare that all outstanding loans together
with accrued interest and all other amounts accrued under the SC Facility and DBS Facility, respectively, will become
immediately due and payable. As at 31 December 2023, Mr. Lam Kong (directly and indirectly) held approximately
46.39% of the total issued ordinary share capital of the Company.

The SC Facility and the DBS Facility were paid off during the year ended 31 December 2023.

Dividend

During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group paid an interim dividend for 2023 and a final dividend for 2022
of RMB768.5 million and RMB591.9 million, respectively. For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group paid an
interim dividend for 2022 and a final dividend for 2021 of RMB718.6 million and RMB557.6 million, respectively.




                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          36
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023
     DIRECTORS AND SENIOR
     MANAGEMENT

     DIRECTORS

     Executive Directors
     Mr. Lam Kong, aged 59, is the Chairman, Chief Executive and President of the Group and was appointed as an
     executive Director on 18 December 2006. Mr. Lam is responsible for the creation, implementation and management
     of the Group’s development and growth strategy. Mr. Lam has clinician experience and deep understanding and
     knowledge of China’s pharmaceutical industry, possessing unique insight and extensive experience in R&D, marketing,
     promotion, sales and other value-added services. He received his bachelor’s degree in clinical medicine from Zhanjiang
     Medical College in 1986, which was renamed Guangdong Medical University. Mr. Lam is a member of the Nomination
     Committee of the Company and the sole director of Treasure Sea Limited, the controlling shareholder of the Company.


     Mr. Lam is the controlling shareholder of the Company and is interested or deemed to be interested in the Shares and
     underlying Shares of the Company for the purpose of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (“SFO”), the
     details of which are set out on page 47 of this Annual Report.


     Mr. Chen Hongbing, aged 57, is the Chief Operating Officer and Vice-president of the Group and was appointed as
     an executive Director on 18 December 2006. He joined the Group in 1995 and has remained with the Group since
     then. Mr. Chen is responsible for the business operation of the Group, including marketing, promotion, supply chain
     management, product manufacturing management and human resources management, etc. Mr. Chen possesses
     extensive experience in business operations of pharmaceutical companies and corporate management. Mr. Chen had
     acquired about 4 years’ experience as a public hospital doctor with Nanjing Gulou Hospital from 1990 to 1994. He
     received his bachelor’s degree in clinical medicine from Nanjing Medical College in 1990, which was renamed Nanjing
     Medical University.


     Mr. Chen is the sole director of Viewell Limited (a shareholder of the Company) and is interested or deemed to be
     interested in the Shares and underlying Shares of the Company for the purpose of Part XV of SFO, the details of which
     are set out on page 47 of this Annual Report.


     Ms. Chen Yanling (former Chinese name as 陳艷玲 ), aged 53, is the Chief Financial Officer and Vice-president of
     the Group and was appointed as an executive Director on 18 December 2006. She joined the Group in 1995 and has
     remained with the Group since then. Ms. Chen is responsible for the Group’s finance, accounting, investor relations,
     government affairs and administration management. She holds an EMBA degree and is a senior accountant with
     extensive experience in financial management, fund raising, auditing and investor relations, etc. As at the end of the
     year 2023, Ms. Chen was awarded eight times the “Best CFO” in Healthcare and Pharmaceuticals by the Institutional
     Investor Magazine. Ms. Chen is the chairman of the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee of the
     Company.


     Ms. Chen is interested or deemed to be interested in the Shares and underlying Shares of the Company for the
     purpose of Part XV of SFO, the details of which are set out on page 47 of this Annual Report.




37   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                   DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
                                                                                                       (CONTINUED)




Independent Non-Executive Directors
Mr. Leung Chong Shun, aged 58, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on 13 December 2017.
Mr. Leung became a practicing lawyer since 1991 and was the chief representative of Woo Kwan Lee & Lo Beijing
Office. He is currently a partner of Woo Kwan Lee & Lo. Mr. Leung is familiar with corporate finance, M&A and IPO
legal services and has been involved in various listing and acquisition transactions of Chinese H-share companies and
red chip companies. Mr. Leung is currently a China-Appointed Attesting Officer appointed by the Ministry of Justice of
the PRC. Mr. Leung was an independent non-executive director of China Coal Energy Company Limited (a company
listed on the Stock Exchange with stock code: 01898) from June 2017 to March 2023, China Communications
Construction Company Limited (a company listed on the Stock Exchange with stock code: 01800) from January 2011
to November 2017, China National Materials Company Limited (the listing with stock code: 01893 was withdrawn on
the Stock Exchange) from July 2007 to April 2018 and SSY Group Limited (a company listed on the Stock Exchange
with stock code: 02005) from October 2005 to May 2023. He is currently an independent non-executive director of
Min Xin Holdings Limited (a company listed on the Stock Exchange with stock code: 00222).


Mr. Leung graduated from the University of Hong Kong in 1988 and obtained a bachelor’s degree in laws with honors.
He is qualified as a solicitor in Hong Kong and England. Mr. Leung is the chairman of the Remuneration Committee, a
member of the Audit Committee, a member of the Nomination Committee and a member of the Environmental, Social
and Governance Committee of the Company.


Ms. Luo Laura Ying (formerly known as Ying Luo), aged 59, was appointed as an independent non-executive
Director on 31 March 2020. Ms. Luo has 29 years of investment experience. She currently works as an investment
director of GL China Equity HK Management Limited and director of Pawo Foundation Limited, and previously has
worked as a consultant of GL China Equity HK Management Limited and a consultant of GL Capital Management
Limited. Ms. Luo is an independent non-executive director of Central China New Life Limited (a company listed on the
Stock Exchange with stock code: 09983) and Tianjin Port Development Holdings Limited (a company listed on the
Stock Exchange with stock code: 03382). Ms. Luo was a managing director and head of Hong Kong China Equities at
Barings Asset Management (Asia) Limited from 2013 to 2019. Her overall responsibilities included managing a team of
investment managers and research analysts, as well as managing a range of Hong Kong and China equity strategies,
including Barings’ flagship Hong Kong China Fund, China A-share fund and some institutional mandates. Before
joining Barings Asset Management (Asia) Limited, Ms. Luo worked for Schroder Investment Management (HK) Limited
for over 12 years. Since 2002, Ms. Luo had been a lead manager on several greater China equity mandates, including
the Schroder International Selection Fund - China Opportunities, which she managed since its launch in 2006. Prior to
Schroder Investment Management (HK) Limited, Ms. Luo had worked at Sg Securities as head of China Research and
Strategist, as well as at Morgan Stanley and goldman Sachs (Asia) LLC, Hong Kong as an equity research analyst.

Ms. Luo obtained her Bachelor of Arts in International Economics from Peking University in 1987 and Master of
Business Administration from the University of Toronto in 1991. She is a Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) and
Chartered Professional Accountant (CPA) (Canada) charterholder. Ms. Luo is the chairman of the Nomination
Committee, a member of the Audit Committee and a member of the Remuneration Committee of the Company.




                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         38
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023
     DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
     (CONTINUED)




     Mr. Fung Ching Simon, aged 55, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on 6 October 2021. Mr.
     Fung has 10 years of experience in auditing, accounting and business advisory and has over 19 years of experience
     in managing finance and accounting functions, mergers and acquisitions, fund raising and investor relations for
     companies listed in Hong Kong. Mr. Fung is currently serving as the chief financial officer of Chow Tai Fook Enterprises
     Limited. Mr. Fung worked in PricewaterhouseCoopers between 1994 and 2004, and he served as the chief financial
     officer and secretary to the board of directors of Baoye Group Company Limited (a company listed on the Stock
     Exchange with stock code: 02355) between 2004 and 2010. Mr. Fung served as the chief financial officer and
     company secretary of Greentown China Holdings Limited (a company listed on the Stock Exchange with stock
     code: 03900) between 2010 and 2019. Mr. Fung worked for Logan Group Company Limited (a company listed on
     the Stock Exchange with stock code: 03380) from January 2020 till March 2021 as chief financial officer. Mr. Fung
     worked for China Logistics Property Holdings Co., Limited (the listing with stock code: 01589 was withdrawn on the
     Stock Exchange) from June 2016 till February 2022 as an independent non-executive director. Mr. Fung is also an
     independent non-executive director of Hainan Meilan International Airport Company Limited (a company listed on
     the Stock Exchange with stock code: 00357) and an independent non-executive director of Baoye Group Company
     Limited (a company listed on the Stock Exchange with stock code: 02355).


     Mr. Fung graduated from the Queensland University of Technology in Australia with a bachelor’s degree, majoring in
     accountancy. He is a fellow member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and a fellow member
     of the CPA Australia. Mr. Fung is the chairman of the Audit Committee, a member of the Remuneration Committee, a
     member of the Nomination Committee and a member of the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee of the
     Company.


     SENIOR MANAGEMENT
     Dr. Peng Huaizheng, aged 62, is the Chief Business Officer of the Group. Dr. Peng was appointed as an independent
     non-executive Director of the Company for the period from 4 May 2010 to 9 October 2013 and has remained with
     the Group since then. Prior to joining the Group, he held the positions of partner, director or senior portfolio manager
     at several multinational financial corporations in the UK and Canada, mainly engaged in investments in the global life
     science field. Dr. Peng possesses over 18 years of investment experience. Dr. Peng obtained a bachelor’s degree and
     a master’s degree in clinical medicine from Hunan Medical College in 1984 and 1989 respectively, and his doctoral
     degree of philosophy in molecular pathology from University College London Medical School, UK in 1998. Prior to
     entering into the financial investment and pharmaceutical industries, Dr. Peng was a clinical instructor of histopathology
     at the University College London Medical School.




39   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                    DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
                                                                                                        (CONTINUED)




Mr. James Stearns, aged 44, is the Chief Investment Officer (Europe and America) of the Group. Mr. Stearns
joined the Group in April 2021. Prior to joining the Group, he was a director of an England investment bank and the
investment director of an independent private equity firm, possessing over 20 years of experience in investment and
finance in Europe and America’s pharmaceutical industries. Mr. Stearns obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics
and accounting from University of Bristol in 2000.

Mr. Jiang Fei, aged 47, is the Chief Investment Officer (Greater China) of the Group. Mr. Jiang joined the Group
in January 2022. Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Jiang was engaged in R&D and business expansion in domestic
pharmaceutical companies, and held the positions including executive director and managing director at several
venture capital firms and private equity funds. He possesses over 10 years of work experience in China’s
pharmaceutical industry and approximately 6 years of investment experience. Mr. Jiang obtained a bachelor’s degree
in chemical engineering from East China University of Science and Technology in 1998 and his doctoral degree of
philosophy in chemical engineering from Syracuse University, U.S. in 2006.


Mr. Jiang Qingfu, aged 48, is the General Manager of Cardio-cerebrovascular/Digestion Business (Shenzhen
Kangzhe) of the Group. Mr. Jiang joined the Group in 1999 after receiving his bachelor’s degree from college and
remained with the Group since then. He was promoted to managerial positions rapidly after training at junior positions,
having made outstanding sales contribution during the period. Mr. Jiang is currently responsible for the overall
operations and management of Shenzhen Kangzhe, possessing over 20 years of sales and marketing experience and
rich experience in operations and management. Mr. Jiang obtained a bachelor’s degree in clinical medicine from Anhui
Medical University in 1999.


Mr. Huang Anjun, aged 47, is the General Manager of Dermatology and Medical Aesthetic Business (CMS
Aesthetics) of the Group. Mr. Huang joined the Group in 2005 after receiving his master’s degree from college and
remained with the Group since then. Mr. Huang is currently responsible for the overall operations and management of
CMS Aesthetics, possessing over 10 years of sales and marketing experience and rich experience in operations and
management. Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Huang had acquired about 3 years’ experience as a doctor at a public
hospital. Mr. Huang obtained a master’s degree in pediatrics in traditional Chinese medicine from Shandong University
of Traditional Chinese Medicine in 2005.




                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         40
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023
     DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
     (CONTINUED)




     Ms. Wang Linlang, aged 46, is the General Manager of Ophthalmology Business (CMS Vision) of the Group. Ms.
     Wang joined the Group in 2004 after receiving her master’s degree from college and remained with the Group since
     then. Ms. Wang is currently responsible for the overall operations and management of CMS Vision, possessing over
     10 years of sales and marketing experience and rich experience in operations and management. Ms. Wang obtained a
     bachelor’s degree in preventive medicine and a master’s degree in epidemiology and health statistics from West China
     Medical Center, Sichuan University in 2001 and 2004 respectively.


     Mr. Ma Lieyi, aged 54, is the General Manager of the Business Operations Center of the Group. Mr. Ma joined
     the Group in 1995 and remained with the Group since then. Mr. Ma has been engaged in sales and marketing
     management in the Group, possessing over 20 years of sales and marketing management experience. Mr. Ma
     graduated from Shenzhen University in 1990, majoring in business administration. He obtained the degree of Executive
     Master of Business Administration (EMBA) from University of Macau in 2022.


     Ms. Li Yufang, aged 45, is the General Manager of the Finance Center of the Group. Ms. Li joined the Group in 2003
     and remained with the Group since then. Ms. Li was the Director of the Compliance Department of the Group. Ms.
     Li possesses over 10 years of finance, tax and pharmaceutical companies’ compliance experience. Ms. Li obtained
     a bachelor’s degree of management in electronic data processing accounting from Jilin University of Finance and
     Economics in 2001.


     Company Secretary
     Ms. Wu Sanyan, aged 42, is the Company Secretary and director of the Legal Department of the Group. Ms. Wu
     joined the Group in 2009 and remained with the Group since then. Ms. Wu is primarily responsible for overseeing the
     legal and regulatory compliance matters of the Group (including compliance with the Listing Rules), possessing over
     10 years of legal and corporate governance experience. Ms. Wu obtained a double bachelor’s degree in history and
     law in 2004, and a master’s degree in international law in 2008, both from Wuhan University. During the Reporting
     Period, Ms. Wu received professional training for no less than 15 hours to promote her skill and knowledge.




41   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                  DIRECTORS’ REPORT


The Board of the Company is pleased to present the “Directors’ Report” and audited consolidated financial statements
of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2023.


Principal Activities
The Company is a holding company, the subsidiaries’ principal activities are set out in note 44 to the consolidated
financial statements.


Results
The results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2023 are set out in the consolidated statement of profit or
loss and other comprehensive income on page 77.


Business Review
Business review of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2023 can be found in the section headed “Management
Discussion and Analysis” of this Annual Report, the discussion of which forms part of this “Directors’ Report”.


Reserves
Movements in reserves for the year ended 31 December 2023 are set out in the consolidated statement of changes in
equity on page 80 and note 34 to the consolidated financial statements.


Distributable Reserves
As at 31 December 2023, the Company had distributable reserves of RMB3,569.2 million available for distribution to
the shareholders.


Property, Plant and Equipment
Details of changes in property, plant and equipment of the Group are set out in note 15 to the consolidated financial
statements.


Share Capital
Movements in the share capital of the Company are set out in note 33 to the consolidated financial statements.


Final Dividend
The Board is pleased to recommend a final dividend of RMB0.0783 (equivalent to HK$0.086) per Share for the year
ended 31 December 2023 to shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company after
market closes on Tuesday, 14 May 2024. The register of members of the Company will be closed on Thursday, 16
May 2024. The final dividend will be paid to shareholders on about Thursday, 23 May 2024 after the shareholders’
approval at the annual general meeting of the Company scheduled on Thursday, 9 May 2024 (the “AGM”).




                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        42
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     Dividend Policy
     The Board has adopted a dividend policy (the “Dividend Policy”). Under the Dividend Policy, the Company does not
     have any pre-determined dividend payout ratio. Although the Company intends to declare and pay dividends in the
     future, the declaration, payment and amount of any dividends are subject to the Board’s discretion having regard to
     the following factors: (a) the Group’s actual and expected financial performance; (b) the Group’s expected working
     capital requirements and future development plans; (c) the Group’s liquidity position; (d) the economic outlook; (e)
     contractual restrictions or obligations; (f) shareholders’ interests; and (g) any other factors the Board may consider
     relevant.


     Such payment of the dividend by the Company is also subject to any restrictions under any applicable laws, rules and
     regulations and the Company’s third amended and restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (the “Articles
     of Association”). The Company endeavors to strike a balance between the shareholders’ interest and prudent capital
     management with a sustainable dividend policy. The Board will continually review the Dividend Policy and reserves the
     right in its sole and absolute discretion to update, amend and/or modify the Dividend Policy at any time as the Board
     deems fit and necessary. There is no assurance that the Company will pay dividends in any particular amount for any
     given period.


     Pre-emptive Rights
     There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under Articles of Association or the laws of the Cayman Islands which
     oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro-rata basis to the existing shareholders.


     Purchase, Sale or Redemption of the Company’s Listed Securities
     None of the Company or any of its subsidiaries has purchased, sold or redeemed any of the listed securities of the
     Company during the Reporting Period.


     Directors
     The Directors of the Company during the year and up to the date of this Annual Report were:


     Executive Directors:
     Mr. LAM Kong (Chairman and Chief Executive, President)
     Mr. CHEN Hongbing (Chief Operating Officer, Vice President)
     Ms. CHEN Yanling (Chief Financial Officer, Vice President)


     Independent Non-Executive Directors:
     Mr. LEUNG Chong Shun
     Ms. LUO Laura Ying
     Mr. FUNG Ching Simon



43   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                 DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                                                                                                              (CONTINUED)




Pursuant to Article 16.18 of the Articles of Association, at every annual general meeting of the Company, one-third
of the Directors for the time being (or, if their number is not three or a multiple of three, then the number nearest to,
but not less than, one-third) shall retire from office by rotation provided that every Director (including those appointed
for a specific term) shall be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years. Any Director required to
stand for re-election pursuant to Article 16.2 shall not be taken into account in determining the number of Directors
and which Directors are to retire by rotation. A retiring Director shall retain office until the close of the meeting at which
he retires and shall be eligible for re-election thereat. Accordingly, Mr. LAM Kong, Mr. CHEN Hongbing and Mr. FUNG
Ching Simon will retire from their offices at the AGM and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-election at the AGM.


At the AGM, separate ordinary resolutions will be proposed for each of the re-elections of Mr. LAM Kong, Mr. CHEN
Hongbing and Mr. FUNG Ching Simon. Details of these retiring Directors will be set out in the circular expected to be
issued by the Company on 17 April 2024.


Annual Confirmation of Independence
The Company has received from each independent non-executive Director an annual confirmation of his
independence, and the Company considers such Directors to be independent in accordance with each and every
guideline set out in rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules.


Biographical Details of the Directors and the Senior Management
The biographical details of the Directors and the senior management are set out on pages 37 to 41 of this Annual
Report.


Directors’ Service Contracts
Each of the Directors of the Company has respectively entered into an appointment letter with the Company, and all
the executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors were appointed for three-year terms and one-year
terms, respectively. Their appointments are subject to retirement from office by rotation and re-election in accordance
with the relevant terms of the Articles of Association. Save as disclosed above, none of the Directors has entered or
intended to enter into any service contracts which cannot be determinable by the Company or any of its subsidiaries
within one year without payment of compensation (except for statutory compensation).


Management Contracts
No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of
the Company were entered into or existed during the Reporting Period.


Employee Benefit Scheme
During the Reporting Period, approved by the Benefit Scheme Executive Committee of the Company, there were 5
employees participating in the CMS Key Employee Benefit Scheme. Details of the Employee Benefit Scheme are set
out in note 41 to the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                 CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           44
                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     Share Award Scheme
     The Company adopted the CMS share award scheme (“Share Award Scheme”) on 17 January 2024.


     Objective of the Share Award Scheme
     The Company implemented the Share Award Scheme to encourage the Group’s core management team and key
     personnel to continue to make outstanding contributions to the marketing and sales of new products, through an
     award (“Award”) of shares of the Company (“Shares”).


     The Share Award Scheme is a strategic measure to facilitate the steady rollout of innovative products in a sustainable
     and financially responsible manner. The Share Award Scheme is designed to expedite the launch of new products,
     thereby enabling a swifter realization of their clinical and commercial potential. It is crafted to establish a positive
     incentive framework that encourages continual innovation and operational excellence.


     Participants of the Share Award Scheme
     Eligible participants (“Eligible Participants”) comprise the Group’s core management, key employees in the product
     team (including employees responsible for product launch, research and development, and registration), key
     employees in the sales team (including employees responsible for marketing and promotion), and key employees in
     the operations team.


     Administration
     The Company has engaged a trustee (the “Trustee”) to administer the Share Award Scheme, and the Trustee will use
     the Company’s own funds to purchase Shares from the secondary market. The Share Award Scheme shall be subject
     to the administration of the Board whose decisions on all matters arising in relation to the Scheme shall be final and
     conclusive.


     Maximum number of Share Award Scheme Shares
     Pursuant to the rules of the Share Award Scheme, the aggregate maximum number of Shares to be purchased by
     the Trustee shall not exceed 100,000,000 Shares, representing approximately 4% of the issued share capital of the
     Company as at the date of this report.


     The maximum number of awarded Shares that may be granted to any one Eligible Participant on a cumulative basis in
     any 12-month period shall not exceed 1% of the issued share capital of the Company from time to time.




45   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                               DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                                                                                                            (CONTINUED)




Vesting conditions
The Board or a management committee will set performance targets reflecting various factors including the overall
financial performance of the Group, the cumulative sales revenue of particular products, the launch count of new
products within a given timeframe, and/or achievement of additional specified metrics. The allocation of share
awards will be subject to evaluation of each individual’s contributions to meeting those targets. This aims to motivate
employees, reinforce their dedication to the Group’s success, and encourage continuous engagement. The goal is to
support the Group’s long-term growth and prosperity.


The Board currently intends to set performance targets based on the number of new products launched by the Group,
as well as the sales of new products.


If the relevant performance targets are met or exceeded before the vesting date in respect of an Award, the Trustee
shall transfer to and vest in any Eligible Participant, for nil consideration, such number of Shares to which such Eligible
Participant is entitled.


Remaining life of the Share Award Scheme
The Share Award Scheme shall be valid and effective for a term of 10 years commencing 17 January 2024. As at the
date of this report, the remaining life of the Share Award Scheme is 9 years and 9 months.


As at the date of this report, the number of Awards that may be granted under the Share Award Scheme was
100,000,000, representing approximately 4% of the total number of issued shares of the Company As at the date of
this report. Since the adoption of the Share Award Scheme and up to the date of this Annual Report, no Awards have
been granted, vested, cancelled, or lapsed, and there are no unvested Awards outstanding under the Share Award
Scheme.


Directors’ interests in Transactions, Arrangements or Contracts of
Significance
Except as disclosed in this report, there was no transaction, arrangement or contract of significance subsisting during
or at the end of the financial year ended 31 December 2023 in which a director or an entity connected with a director
is or was materially interested.




                                                                               CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          46
                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     Directors’ and Chief Executive’s Interests and Short Positions in Shares,
     Underlying Shares and Debentures of the Company and Its Associated
     Corporations
     As at 31 December 2023, the interests or short positions of the Directors and Chief Executive in the shares, underlying
     shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of SFO)
     which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, or as
     otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange, pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions
     by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) as set out in Appendix C3 of the Listing Rules were as follows:


                                                                                        Class of Shares and    Approximate
                                         Name of                                          Total Number of     Percentage of
       Name of Directors                                       Nature of Interest           Shares Held
                                       Corporations                                                           Interest in the
                                                                                              (Note 1)          Company

                                                               Interest in controlled    1,137,564,000 (L)
          Mr. Lam Kong                 The Company                                                               46.39%
                                                                    corporation              (Note 2)

                                                                 Beneficial owner          20,038,225 (L)         0.82%
       Mr. Chen Hongbing               The Company
                                                               Interest in controlled      50,225,000 (L)
                                                                                                                  2.05%
                                                                    corporation               (Note 3)

        Ms. Chen Yanling               The Company               Beneficial owner           7,246,250(L)          0.30%

     Notes:

     1. The letter “L” denotes long positions in the Shares.

     2. These Shares are held by Mr. Lam Kong through Treasure Sea Limited, a company wholly owned by him.

     3. These Shares are held by Mr. Chen Hongbing through Viewell Limited, a company wholly owned by him.



     Directors’ Right to Acquire Shares or Debentures
     At no time during the Reporting Period were rights to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in or
     debentures of the Company granted to any Director or their respective spouses or minor children, or were any such
     rights exercised by them; nor was the Company or any of its subsidiaries a party to any arrangements to enable the
     Directors, their respective spouses or minor children to acquire such rights in any other body corporate.




47   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                         DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                                                                                                     (CONTINUED)




Substantial Shareholders’ Interests and Short Positions in Shares,
Underlying Shares and Debentures of the Company and Its Associated
Corporations
Saved as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2023, the Directors were not aware of any other person (other than the
Directors or the Chief Executive of the Company) who held interests and short positions in the shares or underlying
shares or debentures of the Company which would have to be disclosed to the Company and the Stock Exchange
pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or were recorded in the register required to be kept by the
Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.


Connected Transactions
During the year ended 31 December 2023, details of the Group’s continuing connected transaction subject to the
reporting, annual review, announcement requirements are set out as follows:

 Continuing          Date              Connected         Description and purpose    Annual        Actual
 connected                             person            of the transaction         cap for the   transaction
 transaction                                                                        year ended    amount (royalty
                                                                                    31            fee) for the
                                                                                    December      year ended 31
                                                                                    2023          December 2023

 Asset Assignment    Diazepam          A&B (HK)          the CMS Parties, each a       RMB66.65   RMB0.35
 Agreements          Asset             Company           subsidiary of the Company, million       million
 related to          Assignment        Limited           and A&B entered into the
 Diazepam Nasal      Agreements:28     (“A&B”), a        Diazepam Asset
 Spray (VALTOCO)     August 2023;      company           Assignment Agreements
 (“Diazepam Asset                      wholly-owned      on 28 August 2023 and
 Assignment          Diazepam          by Mr. Lam        the Diazepam Asset
 Agreements”)        Asset             Kong, an          Assignment Amendment
 and Amendment       Assignment        executive         Agreements on 12
 Agreements for      Amendment         Director and      September 2023 to
 Diazepam Asset      Agreements:12     the chairman of   specify detailed terms
 Assignment          September         the Board, and    of the transfer and
 Agreements          2023              a controlling     the assignment of all
 (“Diazepam Asset                      shareholder of    the assets related to
 Assignment                            the Company       any pharmaceutical
 Amendment                                               preparation, formulation,
 Agreements”)                                            dosage form, or delivery
                                                         vehicle relating to the
                                                         Diazepam Nasal Spray
                                                         (VALTOCO) and/or its line
                                                         extensions in the territories
                                                         (being mainland China,
                                                         Hong Kong, Macau,
                                                         Taiwan and Singapore) to
                                                         the Group




The detailed terms of the non-exempt continuing connected transaction mentioned above are as follows:




                                                                          CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED       48
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     Diazepam Asset Assignment Agreements and Diazepam Asset Assignment Amendment
     Agreements


     On 28 August 2023, CMS Bridging Limited, CMS International Development and Management Limited, PharmaGend
     (formerly known as Rxilient Biotech Pte. Ltd.) and Rxilient Medical Pte. Ltd. (collectively, the “CMS Parties”), each a
     subsidiary of the Company, and A&B entered into the Diazepam Asset Assignment Agreements (for details, please
     refer to the announcement published by the Company on the websites of the SEHK and the Company on 28 August
     2023); on 12 September 2023, the CMS Parties, and A&B entered into the Diazepam Asset Assignment Amendment
     Agreements to amend certain terms of the Diazepam Asset Assignment Agreements (for details, please refer to
     the announcement published by the Company on the websites of the SEHK and the Company on 12 September
     2023). Pursuant to the Diazepam Asset Assignment Agreements and the Diazepam Asset Assignment Amendment
     Agreements, A&B transferred and assigned all the assets related to any pharmaceutical preparation, formulation,
     dosage form, or delivery vehicle relating to the Diazepam Nasal Spray (VALTOCO) and/or its line extensions in the
     territories (being mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau, Taiwan and Singapore) to the Group.


     Assets acquired
     The CMS Parties have agreed to acquire from A&B, and A&B has agreed to transfer and assign to the relevant CMS
     Parties all the assets related to the product in the territories, being mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau, Taiwan
     and Singapore (the “Territories”). The product refers to any pharmaceutical preparation, formulation, dosage form,
     or delivery vehicle, relating to the Diazepam Nasal Spray (VALTOCO) and/or its line extensions (the “Product”). The
     assets include the marketing authorization, manufacture rights, intellectual property and all commercial information,
     medical information, know-how and records related to the product in and for the territories. Accordingly, following the
     acquisition the Group owns the exclusive right to promote, distribute, market and sell the product in the territories.


     Consideration
     The Assets were originally acquired by Prime West Global Limited (“PWG”) from Neurelis pursuant to an asset
     assignment and exclusive licence agreement (the “Upstream Agreement”). In February 2016, A&B entered into an
     assignment agreement with PWG whereby A&B acquired the Assets for US$5.0 million. In addition, A&B has agreed
     to assume the liabilities of PWG under the Upstream Agreement, which include the agreement to pay to Neurelis
     royalty payments of up to US$0.6 per Unit of Diazepam Nasal Spray (VALTOCO) imported into or sold in the Territories
     (“Royalty I”), subject to such adjustments to reflect the final pricing scheme adopted in the relevant jurisdiction of the
     Territories.


     Pursuant to the Diazepam Asset Assignment Agreements, the CMS Parties have agreed to pay A&B a royalty
     payment of 9.0% on the net sales of Diazepam Nasal Spray (VALTOCO) sold by the Group in the Territories (“Royalty
     II”). Further, the CMS Parties have agreed to assume the liabilities of A&B under the Upstream Agreement. Accordingly,
     the CMS Parties will be responsible for the payment of any Royalty I due to Neurelis under the Upstream Agreement
     in relation to the Diazepam Nasal Spray (VALTOCO) imported into or sold in the Territories. Pursuant to the Asset
     Assignment Amendment Agreements, the CMS Parties and A&B agreed that the CMS Parties will pay the Royalty I
     to A&B instead of paying the Royalty I directly to Neurelis. The amount of the Royalty I payable to A&B by the CMS
     Parties will be equal to the royalty that A&B is required to pay Neurelis under the Upstream Agreement, as determined
     by the formula in the Upstream Agreement.


49   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                                                                                                            (CONTINUED)




The above consideration is determined by the Group and A&B after arm’s length negotiations taking into account
factors including the original acquisition cost of the product by A&B, the competitiveness of the Product in the
Territories, the Group’s business plans, and the results of clinical trials and status of new drug application of the
product in different jurisdictions within the territories.


Term
The initial payment term of the Royalty II payments is fixed for a period ending 31 December 2047 (the “Royalty
Term”), and the term may be extended for further periods subject to the parties’ agreement and compliance with any
requirements under the Listing Rules; the CMS Parties currently expect that the Royalty I will be payable until the end
of 2032.


Rule 14A.52 of the Listing Rules stipulates that the period for an agreement for continuing connected transactions
must have a fixed period of no more than three years, unless special circumstances justify a longer period based
on the nature of the transaction. The Company considers that a long term or indefinite period is customary in the
pharmaceutical industry for asset assignment agreements or in-license agreements similar to the Asset Assignment
Agreements, because the parties invest significant time and capital in marketing and promoting the drugs. Accordingly,
the Royalty Term of up to 25 years reflects the market practice. In this regard, the Company has appointed Anglo
Chinese Corporate Finance, Limited (“Anglo Chinese”) as the independent financial adviser as required by Rule 14A.52
of the Listing Rules to explain why the Asset Assignment Agreements require a period longer than three years and to
confirm that it is normal business practice for agreements of this type to be of such duration. Anglo Chinese is of the
opinion that (i) a term of longer than three years is required for the Asset Assignment Agreements; and (ii) it is normal
business practice for agreements of this type to be of such duration.


Annual Caps
                                                                                                                RMB ’000
For each year during the five-year period ending 31 December 2027                                                 66,650
For each year during the five-year period ending 31 December 2032                                                111,080
For each year during the remaining period of the Royalty Term                                                    150,000


The Annual Caps are the sum of Royalty I and Royalty II payments. The Annual Caps have been determined based
on, among other things, the following considerations: (a) the market size and growth potential of the product for the
acute treatment of intermittent, stereotypic episodes of frequent seizure activity in the epilepsy patient population in
China and other markets in the territories; (b) the prevalence and incidence of epilepsy and seizure clusters in the
territories, as well as the unmet medical need and treatment gap for this condition, which may affect the demand and
adoption of the product among patients, caregivers, and physicians; (c) the pricing and reimbursement strategy of
the product in the territories, taking into account the affordability, accessibility, and value proposition of the product
compared to existing or emerging therapies; (d) the competitive landscape and positioning of the product in the
territories, considering the strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, and threats of the product relative to other products
or devices for the acute treatment of seizure clusters, as well as the potential market share and penetration of the
product in the territories; and (e) the sales and marketing efforts and resources of the Group in the territories, including
the launch and commercialization plans, the promotional and educational activities, the distribution and supply chain
management, and the post-marketing surveillance and pharmacovigilance of the product in the territories.


                                                                               CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           50
                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     Review by and Confirmation of the Independent Non-executive Directors of the Company
     The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the above continuing connected transactions, and after due
     and careful enquiry with the management of the Group and consideration, confirmed that such transactions have been
     entered into:
     (1) in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group;
     (2) on normal commercial terms or better; and
     (3) according to the agreement governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the interests of the
         Company’s shareholders as a whole.


     The independent non-executive Directors are satisfied that they have received and reviewed sufficient information to
     give the confirmations above.


     Confirmation of the Auditor
     The Company’s auditor was engaged to report on the Group’s continuing connected transactions in accordance with
     Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) “Assurance Engagements Other than Audits or
     Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing
     Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
     Accountants. The auditor has issued an unqualified letter containing the findings and conclusions in respect of the
     above mentioned continuing connected transactions in accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules.


     The auditors of the Group had informed the Board and confirmed nothing has come to their attention that cause them
     to believe that the continuing connected transactions:
     (1) have not been approved by the Board;
     (2) were not entered into, in all material respects, in accordance with the relevant agreement governing the transactions; and
     (3) have exceeded the relevant annual cap.


     In respect of the above mentioned non-exempt connected transactions, the Directors also confirmed that the
     Company has complied with the disclosure requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


     Save as disclosed above, during the Reporting Period, there were no connected transactions or continuing connected
     transactions of the Company which are subject to any of the reporting, announcement or independent shareholders’
     approval requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.




51   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                                                                                                             (CONTINUED)




Details of the related party transactions of the Group during the Reporting Period are set out in note 39 and 41 to the
consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report. Save as disclosed in the section of “Connected Transactions”
of this Annual Report, these related party transactions either fall outside the definitions of “connected transaction” or
“continuing connected transaction” in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules or are “connected transactions” fully exempt
from the reporting, announcement and independent shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 14A of the
Listing Rules.


Employees
As at 31 December 2023, the Group had 5,701 employees. To meet the talents development needs of the Group, the
Group has introduced external professional consulting firms and has established an internal control and management
team to optimize the Group’s strategy, organizational structure, improve the Group’s performance management and
salary incentive system, etc., further stimulate the organizational vitality and improve organizational operation efficiency,
enabling the Group’s human resource management to fully match with the Group’s development strategy. The Group
provides employees with competitive remuneration packages including medium- and long-term share award scheme,
salaries, bonuses, insurance and benefits. Salaries and bonuses are based on employees’ performance and are
measured against specific objective criteria. Additionally, the Group is committed to providing equal opportunities to
all employees in all respects and has made efforts in employees’ continuing education and training programs, such as
orientation programs for new employees, regulation-related trainings and job skills trainings, to continuously enhance
their knowledge, skills and teamwork spirit.


Directors’ and Senior Management’s Emoluments
The remuneration committee determines and proposes to the Board (as the case may be) on the remuneration
and other benefits payable to the Directors and Management. The committee, on a routine basis, supervises the
remuneration of all Directors and Management to ensure that their remuneration and compensation are appropriate
and reasonable. The Group adopts competitive remuneration packages with reference to the industry standard and in
the light of the business advancement of the Group, and determines remuneration of the Directors and Management
after taking into account their qualifications, experience and contributions, so as to attract and retain its Directors and
Management.


Particulars of directors’ emoluments and the five highest paid individuals of the Group are set out in note 9 and note
10 to the consolidated financial statements, respectively.


For the year ended 31 December 2023, the emoluments of the Group’s senior management (including the Company
Secretary but not directors) are disclosed below:


Band of Emolument                                                             Number of Senior Management
HK$1,000,001 - HK$1,500,000                                                                1
HK$1,500,001 - HK$2,000,000                                                                2
HK$2,000,001 - HK$2,500,000                                                                2
HK$2,500,001 - HK$3,000,000                                                                4
Total                                                                                      9


                                                                                CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           52
                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     Key Relationship with Employees, Customers and Suppliers
     The Company maintains good relationships with its employees by taking all practicable measures, including but not
     limited to improving, reviewing and updating its policies on remuneration and benefits, training, occupational health
     and safety, to ensure that all the staff are reasonably remunerated.


     The Company has good relationships with its customers and is always improving the communication mechanism with
     customers to ensure all complaints or feedback from customers can be fed to the Company a timely manner and the
     customers can receive service of high quality.


     The Company maintains long-term good cooperation with domestic and overseas suppliers, which are reputable in
     the industry.


     Environmental Policies and Performance
     The Group fully complies with the Environmental Protection Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和
     國環境保護法》), Law of the People’s Republic of China on Prevention and Control of Water Pollution (《中華人民
     共和國水污染防治法》), Law of the People’s Republic of China on Prevention and Control of Noise Pollution (《中
     華 人 民 共 和 國 噪 聲 污 染 防 治 法》), and other relevant environmental laws and regulations. The Group rigorously
     prevents environmental risk accidents in business management and production activities, and has established
     environmental management structures including the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee, assigned full-
     time environmental management personnel, established and improved the environmental management system, and
     developed comprehensive risk-defensive prevention and emergency response plans for accidents. We also require
     our suppliers to operate in strict compliance with the pertinent environmental regulations and rules and obtain all
     necessary permission and approval from the relevant government authorities.


     Compliance with Laws and Regulations
     During the Reporting Period, the Group had complied with the relevant laws and regulations that have a significant
     impact on the operations of the Group.


     Principal Risks and Uncertainties
     There are a number of risks and uncertainties which may affect the performance and operation of the Group. The
     following is a summary of principal risks and uncertainties identified by the Company:


     Compliance with GMP and GSP Standards
     In accordance with applicable laws and regulations, certain subsidiaries of the Company are required to comply
     with good Manufacturing Practice (“GMP”) standards and good Supplying Practice (“GSP”) standards constantly
     and strictly. The Group has established a sound quality management system for the production and operation of
     pharmaceuticals, and accepts continuous supervision and inspection by regulatory agencies to ensure compliance
     with current GMP and GSP standards. In the event that those subsidiaries fail to strictly comply with the requirements
     of GMP and/or GSP standards and are penalized by the regulatory authorities, the Group’s business may still be
     largely and adversely affected after taking related remedies.

53   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                  DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                                                                                                               (CONTINUED)




Product Liability
As insurance is not mandatorily required, the Group has not covered valid product liability insurance in respect of
the manufacture and distribution of pharmaceutical products in the PRC. In the event of any product liability claim
or proceedings pertaining to the products of the Group, which could not be solved through negotiation or any other
methods, the Group may suffer material cost and damage to its relationship with customers.


Healthcare Reform in China
The government regulation and governance over the healthcare system in the PRC is undergoing a crucial reform
period, where (i) the applicable laws, regulations and policies pertaining to the healthcare, medical and pharmaceutical
industry are constantly evolving, and (ii) governmental authorities in the PRC may regularly or unexpectedly amend
their implementation practices. Enforcement action taken by the government against the Group may affect us
materially and adversely. Significant adverse consequences may therefore be incurred if our Group did not optimize
its strategy to adapt to the variation of the Chinese medical system in time. Moreover, the scope and the extent of
application of the government regulation and governance are continually changing, which leads to more risks and
uncertainties in respect of the performance and operation of the Group. The National VBP is an industrial policy that
has significant impact on the Group. Details of the impacts of the National VBP are set out in the section headed
“Impacts of Significant Industrial Policies” in “Management Discussion and Analysis” on page 28 of this Annual Report.


Tender and Price Control
The Company and its subsidiaries have to participate in a government-led tender process every year or every few
years. Any failure in bidding in a provincial tender process will affect the Group’s ability to sell products in the respective
province. Moreover, the product price, our market share, revenue and profitability may be affected due to certain new
methods adopted in the provincial tender process.


R&D, Regulatory Approval and Commercialization of Innovative Patented Products
The successful development of innovative patented products, the obtaining of regulatory approval and the realization of
commercialization are affected by a number of factors. These include but are not limited to the sufficiency of resources
to acquire or discover more drug candidates, pre-clinical studies and clinical trial delays or failures, uncertainties
brought about by the duration of the approval and regulatory approval process, and, if regulatory approval is obtained,
whether the products can be promoted successfully and their acceptance level in the market. If the R&D of innovative
patented products fails, the Group is unable to obtain regulatory approval, or market acceptance of our products is
not promising, the Group’s future development may be affected adversely.


Furthermore, there may be other principal risks and uncertainties that are not known to the Company or may not be
material now but could turn out to be material in the future.




                                                                                 CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED            54
                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     Major Customers and Suppliers
     For the year ended 31 December 2023, the percentage of sales to the Group’s five largest customers was
     approximately 35.5% of the Group’s total sales, and sales to the top customer accounted for approximately 20.2% of
     the total sales.


     For the year ended 31 December 2023, the percentage of purchases from the Group’s five largest suppliers was
     approximately 82.0% of the Group’s total purchases, and purchase from the top supplier accounted for approximately
     30.1% of the total purchases.


     Except as disclosed in note 39 to the consolidated financial statement, none of the Group’s directors, their close
     associates or shareholders had an interest in the Group’s suppliers or customers.


     Corporate Governance
     A report for the corporate governance principles and practices adopted by the Company is set out on pages 58 to 71
     of this Annual Report.


     Sufficiency of Public Float
     According to publicly available information and as far as the Directors were aware of, as at the date of this Annual
     Report, at least 25% of the Company’s total issued share capital was held by the public in compliance with the public
     float requirement under the Listing Rules.


     Non-competition and Indemnity Agreements
     The Company entered into a deed of non-competition with Mr. Lam Kong and his wholly owned company registered
     in the British Virgin Islands - Treasure Sea Limited (“Treasure Sea”) on 14 September 2010 (the “Non-competition
     Deed”). Mr. Lam Kong and Treasure Sea jointly undertook not to carry on businesses that are in competition with the
     business of the Group.


     Mr. Lam Kong and Treasure Sea stated that they had complied with the relevant clauses of the Non-competition Deed,
     and did not engage in businesses that are in competition or may compete with the businesses of the Group, and also
     did not directly or indirectly hold any business interest that is in competition with the businesses of the Group during
     the Reporting Period.




55   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                              DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                                                                                                           (CONTINUED)




The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the compliance of the Non-competition Deed by Mr. Lam
Kong and Treasure Sea during the Reporting Period, and reviewed the relevant business information provided by the
Group. The independent non-executive Directors were of the opinion that Mr. Lam Kong and Treasure Sea complied
with the relevant terms of the Non-competition Deed during the Reporting Period and did not cause any competition
with the Group. The Board of Directors operated and managed the Group’s businesses independently in the interests
of the Company and its shareholders as a whole.


Donation
During the Reporting Period, the Group had made donations of RMB3.0 million for public services in communities,
for details please refer to “Undertaking Community Responsibilities” on page 53 of the Group’s 2023 Environmental,
Social and Governance Report.


Permitted Indemnity Provision
According to the Articles of Association, among others, every Director, auditor or other officer of the Company shall be
entitled to be indemnified out of the assets of the Company against all losses or liabilities incurred or sustained by him
as a Director, auditor or other officer of the Company in defending any proceedings, whether civil or criminal, in which
judgment is given in his favor, or in which he is acquitted.


During the year ended 31 December 2023, pursuant to the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622 of the Laws
of Hong Kong), appropriate insurance coverage for the Directors’ and senior management’s liabilities in respect of legal
actions against the Directors and senior management of the Company arising out of corporate activities of the Group
has been arranged by the Company.


Equity-Linked Agreements
The Company has not entered into any equity-linked agreement during the year ended 31 December 2023.


Compliance with the Corporate Governance Code
The Company has complied with the applicable principles and code provisions of the Corporate Governance Code
(the “CG Code”) as set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules from 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2023, except for
a deviation from the Code Provision C.2.1 in respect of the roles of Chairman and Chief Executive which shall not be
performed by the same individual. The details of the Company’s compliance with the CG Code are set out on pages
58 to 71 of this Annual Report.




                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          56
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     Competing Interests
     None of the Directors or management and their respective associates (as defined in the Listing Rules) has an interest
     in a business which competes or may compete with the businesses of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or has
     any other conflict of interest with the Company during the Reporting Period.


     Audit Committee
     The details of the Audit Committee are set out on pages 62 to 63 of the Corporate Governance Report of this Annual
     Report.


     Auditors
     The Company has appointed Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as auditors since the listing of the Company on the Main
     Board of the Stock Exchange on 28 September 2010. The financial statements in the Annual Report for the year have
     been audited by Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu. A resolution will be submitted at the AGM of the Company to re-appoint
     Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as auditor of the Company.




                                                                                         By order of the Board
                                                                                 China Medical System Holdings Limited
                                                                                              Lam Kong
                                                                                               Chairman


     Hong Kong, 27 March 2024




57   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Corporate Governance Report
The Company is committed to upholding high standards of corporate governance and has adopted sound
governance and disclosure practices. The Company believes that continuously improving corporate governance can
increase the Group’s accountability and transparency so as to maximize the long-term level shareholder value.


Corporate Strategy, Business Model and Culture
The details of Corporate Strategy, Business Model and Culture are set out in Business Highlights, Chairman’s
Statement and Management Discussion and Analysis of this Annual Report.


Corporate Governance Practices
The Company has complied with and applied the applicable principles and code provisions of the CG Code as set out
in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules from 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2023, except for a deviation from the Code
Provision C.2.1 in respect of the roles of Chairman and Chief Executive which shall not be performed by the same
individual.


Mr. Lam Kong has been both the Chairman and Chief Executive of the Company and his responsibilities are clearly
established and set out in writing and approved by the Board. Given the Group’s current stage of development, the
Board considers that vesting the roles of Chairman and Chief Executive in the same person facilitates the execution
of the Group’s business strategies and maximizes effectiveness of its operations. The Board shall nevertheless review
the Group’s management structure from time to time and shall consider any appropriate adjustments should new
circumstances arise.


Directors’ Securities Transactions
The Company adopted the Written Guidelines for Securities Transactions by Directors and Relevant Employees (the
“Written Guidelines”) on no less exacting terms than the Model Code as the code of conduct for Directors’ securities
transactions. Having made specific inquiries of all Directors in relation to the compliance with the Written Guidelines
for securities transactions by Directors, the Company confirmed that all the Directors have complied with the relevant
standards for securities transactions by directors set out in the Written Guidelines for the year ended 31 December
2023. The Written Guidelines also apply to other specified senior management of the Company.


Employees who are likely to be in possession of unpublished price-sensitive information about the Company are also
subject to compliance with the Written Guidelines. No incident of non-compliance with the Written Guidelines by such
employees was noted by the Company in the Reporting Period.




                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         58
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     Operation of the Board
     In accordance with good corporate governance principles, the Board convened regular meetings in accordance with
     statutory procedures, and complied strictly with the applicable laws, regulations and the Articles of Association in the
     exercise of its authority, with an emphasis on protecting the interests of the Company and its shareholders as a whole.


     The role and responsibilities of the Board broadly cover reviewing and approving corporate mission and broad
     strategies; overseeing and evaluating the conduct of the Group’s businesses; identifying principal risks and ensuring
     the implementation of appropriate measures and control systems to manage these risks; and reviewing and approving
     important matters such as financial results, investments and divestments and other material transactions. All Directors
     and Board Committees have access to external legal counsel and other professionals for independent advice to better
     perform their duties at the Group’s expense if necessary.


     The Board has performed the strategic decision-making function in accordance with the long-term interest of the
     Group as well as the interest of shareholders and relevant parties, and has been subject to effective supervision and
     assessment in maintaining corporate resources and conducting operation management. The Board is responsible for
     making effective incentives and constraints for the management when duly delegating powers to them. Meanwhile,
     as the core of the Company’s corporate governance framework, the Board has clearly separated its functions and
     duties from that of the management. Differentiating itself from the functions and duties of the Board, the specific
     responsibilities and duties of the management of the Company mainly include running the Company’s day-to-
     day business; drafting and proposing the Company’s annual business plan and investment plan; working out the
     human resource policy and arranging an appropriate organizational structure of the Company; drafting plans for the
     establishment of the Company’s branch offices; creating and upgrading the Company’s basic internal management
     system and mandates for Company management; within the authority delegated by the Board, appointing, changing
     or recommending shareholder representatives, directors and supervisors in its holding subsidiary or joint stock
     subsidiary; and other powers delegated by the Board.


     The Company has established four committees, namely, the Audit Committee, the Nomination Committee, the
     Remuneration Committee and the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee, which mainly comprise
     independent non-executive Directors and are responsible for overseeing particular aspects of the Group’s business
     and providing the Group with recommendations for improvements. Please see below for the work scope of these
     committees. The Board has delegated the responsibilities of the day-to-day management and operation of the
     Group’s businesses to the management of the Company and its subsidiaries and has given clear directions as to the
     management’s powers including where management should report back and obtain prior approval of the Board before
     making decisions or entering into any commitments on the Company’s behalf.




59   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                                                                                            (CONTINUED)




Composition of the Board
As at the date of this Annual Report, the Board consists of six Directors, including the Chairman, namely Mr. Lam
Kong, Mr. Chen Hongbing and Ms. Chen Yanling; three independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Leung
Chong Shun, Ms. Luo Laura Ying and Mr. Fung Ching Simon. Biographical details of the Directors are set out on
pages 37 to 41 of this Annual Report. Save as disclosed in the section headed “Directors and Senior Management” of
this Annual Report, none of the Directors has any financial, business, family or other material or relevant relationships
among members of the Board. The Chairman shall promote a culture of openness and debate by facilitating the
effective contribution of non-executive Directors in particular and ensuring constructive relations between Executive
Directors and non-executive Directors. The Chairman of a meeting shall ensure that an explanation is provided of the
detailed procedures for conducting a poll and answer any questions from shareholders on voting by poll.


Board Attendances and Time Commitment
During the Reporting Period, the Company held five Board meetings and one annual general meeting. The following is
the attendance record of the Directors at such meetings held during the Reporting Period.


                                                                                           Attendance Rate
Name                                Title                                                              Annual General
                                                                                  Board Meeting
                                                                                                          Meeting

Mr. Lam Kong                        Chairman and Chief Executive, President             5/5                   1/1
Mr. Chen Hongbing                   Chief Operating Officer, Vice President             5/5                   1/1
Ms. Chen Yanling                    Chief Financial Officer, Vice President             5/5                   1/1
Mr. Leung Chong Shun                Independent Non- Executive Director                 4/5                   1/1
Ms. Luo Laura Ying                  Independent Non- Executive Director                 5/5                   1/1
Mr. Fung Ching Simon                Independent Non- Executive Director                 5/5                   1/1


During the Reporting Period, the Board had passed one set of written resolutions of the Board.


Upon reviewing (i) the annual confirmation of the time commitment given by each Director; (ii) the directorships and
major commitments of each Director; and (iii) the attendance rate of each Director for the Board meetings and the
general meetings, the Board is satisfied that all Directors have spent sufficient time in performing their responsibilities
during the Reporting Period.




                                                                                CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         60
                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     Independent Non-executive Directors and Mechanisms Ensuring
     Independent Views and Input Available to the Board
     The Nomination Committee is authorized to identify individuals suitably qualified to become independent non-executive
     Directors through various ways and channels, including recommendation by Directors, engaging external agencies
     and any other way or channel that the Nomination Committee considers appropriate. The Nomination Committee will
     request the candidates to provide their biographies and other information that the Nomination Committee considers
     necessary, and will comprehensively consider the factors including the character and integrity, the achievements and
     experience in the industries involved in the business of the Group, other professional qualifications, diversity factors,
     the time devoted to the affairs of the Board, the undertaking of the duties of the Board, and the independence
     requirement of independent non-executive Directors under the Listing Rules to evaluate and select candidates for
     independent non-executive Directors and propose one or several of them to the Board.


     For the year ended 31 December 2023, there were three independent non-executive Directors, representing one-half
     of the Board, at least one of whom has appropriate professional accounting qualifications. The Company has received
     from each independent non-executive Director an annual confirmation of his/her independence, and the Company
     considers such Directors to be independent in accordance with each and every guideline set out under the Listing
     Rules.


     The independent non-executive Directors are appointed for a period of one year. All of them are subject to
     retirement by rotation and re-election by shareholders at the annual general meeting in accordance with the Articles
     of Association. The responsibilities of the independent non-executive Directors include, without limitation: regular
     attendance at meetings of the Board and of Board Committees of which they are members; provision of independent
     opinion at meetings of the Board and other Board Committees; service on the Audit Committee, the Remuneration
     Committee, the Nomination Committee and the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee; and scrutinizing
     and monitoring the performance of the Company as a whole.


     All independent non-executive Directors have spent sufficient time in performing their responsibilities during the
     Reporting Period. They monitored and ensured that the Group implemented good corporate governance. They
     applied their professional skills, knowledge and experience in the areas of accounting, finance, law and investment
     and made sufficient contributions to the Company.


     All Directors and Board Committees have access to external legal counsel and other professionals for independent
     advice to better perform their duties at the Group’s expense if necessary. The Directors shall receive a comprehensive,
     formal and tailored induction on appointment, and subsequently any briefing and professional development necessary
     to ensure that they have a proper understanding of the Company’s operations and business and are fully aware of
     their responsibilities under statute and common law, the Listing Rules, legal and other regulatory requirements and the
     Company’s business and governance policies.


     During the Reporting Period, the Board had reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the mechanisms
     ensuring independent views and input available to the Board and is of the view that the mechanisms worked well to
     ensure that the Board had access to independent views and input.


61   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                                                                                           (CONTINUED)




Directors’ Continuous Professional Development
On appointment to the Board, each newly appointed Director has received training from professional lawyer covering
the general, statutory and regulatory obligations of being a director of a listed company to ensure that he/she is
sufficiently aware of his /her responsibilities under the Listing Rules and other relevant legal requirements.


From time to time, the Directors are provided with written materials to develop and refresh their professional skills. The
Company Secretary also organizes and arranges seminars on the latest development of the applicable laws, rules and
regulations for the Directors to assist them in discharging their duties.


According to the records maintained by the Company, the Directors received the following training with an emphasis
on the roles, functions and duties of a director of a listed company in compliance with the CG Code on continuous
professional development during the Reporting Period.



                                                        Corporate Governance/Updates on Laws, Rules and
Directors
                                                            Regulations/Updates on Industry Specific

                                                          Written Materials                  Briefings/Seminars
Executive Directors
Mr. Lam Kong                                                       √                                   √
Mr. Chen Hongbing                                                  √                                   √
Ms. Chen Yanling                                                   √                                   √

Independent Non-executive Directors
Mr. Leung Chong Shun                                               √                                   √
Ms. Luo Laura Ying                                                 √                                   √
Mr. Fung Ching Simon                                               √                                   √


Committees
The Company has established the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee, the Nomination Committee and
the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee. The function of each of these committees is to study pertinent
issues in its area of expertise and to provide opinions and recommendations for consideration by the Board under its
own defined terms of reference.


Audit Committee
The Company established the Audit Committee in 2007. The Audit Committee comprises three independent non-
executive Directors, and is currently chaired by Mr. Fung Ching Simon, with Mr. Leung Chong Shun and Ms. Luo Laura
Ying as the committee members.




                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          62
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     The primary duties of the Audit Committee are to provide the Directors with an independent review of the effectiveness
     of the financial reporting process, internal control and risk management system of the Company, and to oversee the
     audit process and to perform other duties and responsibilities as assigned by the Directors. The Audit Committee also
     oversees the Company’s appointment of external auditors. The annual results announcement and annual report for
     the year ended 31 December 2023 of the Company have been reviewed by the Audit Committee and approved by
     the Board with recommendation of the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee meets at least twice a year with the
     external auditors in absence of the executive Directors. The terms of reference of the Audit Committee are posted on
     the Stock Exchange’s website (http://www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company’s website (http://www.cms.net.cn).


     For the year ended 31 December 2023, the Audit Committee held three meetings. At the meetings, the Audit
     Committee reviewed the annual results for 2022, the interim results for 2023, the activities of the Group’s risk
     management and internal control functions and also discussed and approved the arrangement of the annual
     audit work and then proposed the recommendations to the Board. Below is the attendance rate of the committee
     members:


     Committee Members                   Attendance Rate of the Meetings for the Year Ended 31 December 2023
     Mr. Fung Ching Simon (Chairman)                                           3/3
     Mr. Leung Chong Shun                                                      2/3
     Ms. Luo Laura Ying                                                        3/3


     Remuneration Committee
     The Company established a Remuneration Committee in 2007. The Remuneration Committee comprises three
     independent non-executive Directors, and is currently chaired by Mr. Leung Chong Shun, with Ms. Luo Laura Ying and
     Mr. Fung Ching Simon as the committee members.


     The primary duties of the Remuneration Committee include (but without limitation): (i) making recommendations to the
     Board on the policy and structure for remunerations of all Directors and senior management and on the establishment
     of a formal and transparent procedure for developing policies on such remuneration; (ii) determining the terms of
     the specific remuneration package of the Directors and senior management; (iii) approving the terms of Directors’
     service contracts; (iv) reviewing and approving performance-based remuneration (including share schemes) by
     reference to corporate goals and objectives resolved by the Directors from time to time. The terms of reference of the
     Remuneration Committee are posted on the Stock Exchange’s website (http://www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company’s
     website (http://www.cms.net. cn).




63   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                       CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                                                                                      (CONTINUED)




For the year ended 31 December 2023, the Remuneration Committee held one meeting. At the meetings,
the Remuneration Committee reviewed and recommended adjusting remuneration of the Directors and senior
management with reference to the industry standard, in light of the business advancement of the Group and according
to their qualifications, experience and contributions, and considered that the proposed remunerations of whom were
reasonable and appropriate. Below is the attendance rate of the committee members:


Committee Members                    Attendance Rate of the Meetings for the Year ended 31 December 2023
Mr. Leung Chong Shun (Chairman)                                           1/1
Ms. Luo Laura Ying                                                        1/1
Mr. Fung Ching Simon                                                      1/1


Nomination Committee
The Company established the Nomination Committee in 2007. The Nomination Committee comprises one executive
Director and three independent non-executive Directors, and is currently chaired by Ms. Luo Laura Ying, with Mr. Lam
Kong, Mr. Leung Chong Shun and Mr. Fung Ching Simon as the committee members.


The primary duties of the Nomination Committee are to make recommendations to the Directors on all new
appointments of Directors and senior management, interview nominees, and to take up references and to consider
related matters. The terms of reference of the Nomination Committee are posted on the Stock Exchange’s website
(http://www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company’s website (http://www.cms.net.cn).


For the year ended 31 December 2023, the Nomination Committee held two meetings. At the meetings, the
Nomination Committee reviewed the composition and structure of the Board in order to determine whether it is in
compliance with requirements under the relevant laws, regulations and rules and whether the diversity on the Board
has been achieved and maintained, considered and made recommendations to the Board on the re-appointment of
the retiring Directors at the 2022 annual general meeting, and also assessed whether the independent non-executive
Directors had spent enough time in fulfilling their duties and their independence. The Nomination Committee is of the
view that the current composition and structure of the Board comply with the applicable regulations and the Board is
experienced and has diversified perspectives and views. Below is the attendance rate of the committee members:


Committee Members                    Attendance Rate of the Meeting for the Year ended 31 December 2023
Ms. Luo Laura Ying (Chairman)                                             2/2
Mr. Lam Kong                                                              2/2
Mr. Leung Chong Shun                                                      2/2
Mr. Fung Ching Simon                                                      2/2




                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        64
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     Policy for the Nomination of Directors

     The Company has adopted the Policy for the Nomination of Directors (the “Nomination Policy”). During the Reporting
     Period, the Nomination Committee had reviewed the Nomination Policy and recommend certain housekeeping
     changes to the Nomination Policy.


     The Nomination Policy sets out the selection criteria and the nomination procedures of Directors.


     The Nomination Committee is authorized to identify individuals suitably qualified to become Board members through
     various ways and channels, including recommendation by Directors, engaging external agencies and any other way or
     channel that the Nomination Committee considers appropriate. The Nomination Committee will request the candidates
     to provide their biographies and other information that the Nomination Committee considers necessary, and will
     comprehensively consider the factors including the character and integrity, the achievements and experience in the
     industries involved in the business of the Group, other professional qualifications, diversity factors, the time devoted to
     the affairs of the Board, the undertaking of the duties of the Board, and the independence requirement of independent
     non-executive Directors under the Listing Rules to evaluate and select candidates. After considering the suitability of
     a candidate to become a Director, the Nomination Committee will call a meeting and/or pass a written resolution to
     recommend appointment of Director to the Board. The Board will make a final decision based on the recommendation
     of the Nomination Committee. The Company may from time to time increase the number of Directors by ordinary
     resolution at general meetings pursuant to Article 16.3 of the Articles of Association. Shareholders may also nominate
     persons to be elected as Directors at general meetings pursuant to Article 16.4 of the Articles of Association.


     The Nomination Committee and the Board shall, in accordance with the Listing Rules and Article 16.18 of the Articles
     of Association, determine the candidates for re-election of Directors at the general meetings through the following
     procedures: the Nomination Committee shall review the retiring Directors’ overall contribution and service to the
     Company and their participation and performance in Board affairs, and take into account the Company’s strategy at
     that time and the structure, size and composition of the Board, to consider the suitability of the retiring Directors to be
     re-appointed. The Nomination Committee shall submit its recommendations to the Board for consideration based on
     the above consideration. The Board shall, as appropriate, make recommendations to the shareholders that the retiring
     Directors be re-elected at the general meetings.




65   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                                                                                          (CONTINUED)




Board Diversity Policy and Gender Diversity

The Company views the increasing diversity at the Board level as an essential element in supporting the attainment
of its strategic objectives, maintaining competitive advantages and keeping sustainable development. Therefore, the
Company has adopted a Board Diversity Policy (the “Board Diversity Policy ”) to set out the approach to achieve and
maintain diversity on the Board in order to enhance the effectiveness of the Board. Pursuant to the Board Diversity
Policy, the Company seeks to achieve Board diversity through the consideration of a number of factors, including
but not limited to professional skills, experience, culture and education background, ethnicity, gender, age, etc. In
introducing its perspective on diversity, the Company will also take into account factors based on its own business
model and specific needs from time to time. Ultimately, all Board appointments will be based on merit, and candidates
will be considered against objective criteria, fully having due regard to the benefits diversity brings to the Board. The
Board shall continue to maintain the gender diversity among the Board members. The Nomination Committee and
the Board review the Board Diversity Policy and its implementation and effectiveness on a regular basis to ensure its
continued effectiveness. During the Reporting Period, the Nomination Committee and the Board had reviewed the
Board Diversity Policy and its implementation and effectiveness and considers it to be effective.


As at the date of this Annual Report, the Board’s composition from a board diversity perspective is summarized as
follows:

     Designation                       Executive Directors                   Independent Non-executive Directors
                                               3                                                3
       Gender                                 Male                                           Female
                                               4                                                2
      Age Group                         51-55 years old                                 56-60 years old
                                               2                                                4
  Length of Service       2 years and below            3-4 years               5-9 years            10 years and above
                                   1                         1                      1                       3
     Professional
                                                Pharmaceuticals, Accounting, Investment, Law
     Background

As at 31 December 2023, the Board consists of six members, including two female members. Female Board members
represent 33.3% of the Board. The Board considers that it has achieved gender diversity. The Board wishes to at least
maintain its current female ratio (33.3%). The Nomination Committee shall continue to consider and implement the
Board Diversity Policy in future selection and recommendation of Board member candidates. The Board shall continue
to introduce female members if it considers the candidates suitable with the ultimate goal of achieving gender parity
within the Board.


Female senior management members represent 33.3% of the senior management of the Company. Female middle-
senior management members represent 34.1% of the middle-senior management of the Group. Female employees
represent 54.8% of the employees of the Group. The Group wishes to keep the ratio of its female employees not lower
than 50%.




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          66
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     Environmental, Social and Governance Committee
     The Company established the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee in 2020. The Environmental, Social
     and Governance Committee comprises one executive Director and two independent non-executive Directors, and
     is currently chaired by Ms. Chen Yanling, with Mr. Leung Chong Shun and Mr. Fung Ching Simon as the committee
     members.


     The primary duties of the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee are to comprehensively formulate and
     review the administrative policies, strategies and structures of the Group’s environmental, social and governance;
     to review environmental, social and governance-related policies, regulations and trends and provide decision-
     making advice to the Board of Directors regarding the Group’s environmental, social and governance strategies and
     operations; to ensure the Company to comply with requirements of applicable laws and regulations; to monitor and
     supervise the formulation and implementation of the Group’s environmental, social and governance objectives; to
     identify external environmental, social and governance trends, risks and opportunities; and to promote a positive
     culture throughout the Group and actively incorporate environmental, social and governance considerations into
     the business decision-making processes, etc. The terms of reference of the Environmental, Social and Governance
     Committee are posted on the Stock Exchange’s website (http://www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company’s website (http://
     www.cms.net.cn).


     For the year ended 31 December 2023, the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee held four meetings.
     At the meetings, the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee reviewed the Group’s overall environmental,
     social and governance (the “ESG”) performance, reviewed the implementation progress of the Group’s ESG
     objectives, reported the important trends affecting the Group’s ESG strategies, assessed the impact of ESG risks and
     opportunities on the Group, guided and reviewed the Group’s ESG materiality analysis, and reviewed and reported to
     the Board the 2022 ESG Report of the Company. Below is the attendance rate of the committee members:


     Committee Members                    Attendance Rate of the Meeting for the Year ended 31 December 2023
     Ms. Chen Yanling (Chairman)                                              4/4
     Mr. Leung Chong Shun                                                     4/4
     Mr. Fung Ching Simon                                                     4/4


     Corporate Governance Functions
     No corporate governance committee has been established, and the Board is responsible for performing the corporate
     governance functions developing and reviewing the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance,
     providing training and continuous professional development for Directors and senior management, ensuring the
     Company’s policies and practices are in compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, etc.




67   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                                                                                          (CONTINUED)




Auditor’s Remuneration
For the year ended 31 December 2023, the Company has appointed Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as our independent
external auditor to provide the annual performance auditing service, the remuneration for its auditing and non-auditing
service was HK$4.7 million and HK$2.8 million, respectively. The non-auditing services covered tax advisory service,
due diligence service and ESG related assurance service.


Directors’ and Auditor’s Responsibilities for Accounts
The Board acknowledges their responsibility for presenting a balanced, clear and understandable assessment of
annual and interim reports, inside information announcements and other financial disclosures required under the
Listing Rules and other regulatory requirements. The Directors confirm that they are responsible for the preparation
of financial reports, and to give a true and fair view of the Company’s and the Group’s financial status and operating
results for the year ended 31 December 2023. In preparing these financial statements, the Board has selected
suitable accounting policies and applied them consistently; made judgments and estimates that are prudent, fair and
reasonable; and have prepared the consolidated financial statements on a going concern basis.


The responsibility of auditor is set out on pages 75 to76 of the independent auditor’s report.


Risk Management and Internal Controls
The Group has established and designed appropriate policies and controls to ensure that assets are safeguarded
against unauthorized use or disposal, relevant rules and regulations are adhered to and complied with, reliable financial
and accounting records are maintained in accordance with relevant accounting standards and regulatory reporting
requirements, and main risks that may impact on the Group’s performance are appropriately identified and managed.
The systems and internal controls can only provide reasonable but not absolute assurance to prevent material
misstatement or losses, as they are designed to manage, rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business
objectives.


The Board confirms its responsibility for supervising the Group’s risk management and internal control systems
and reviewing their effectiveness at least annually through the Audit Committee. The Group’s finance department,
compliance department, audit department, legal department and various operating departments are responsible for
the implementation of risk management policies and routine risk management work. The Group’s Internal Audit and
the Audit Committee assist the Board in the review of the effectiveness of the Group’s risk management and internal
control systems on the basis of continuity. The Directors through these committees are kept regularly appraised of
significant risks that may impact on the Group’s performance.




                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         68
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     The Group has a strict reporting system and specified the reporting channels, treatment procedure, whistleblower
     protection and other related issues in the CMS Anti-fraud Management Policy to ensure that all reporting can be
     properly handled. During the Reporting Period, the Company has optimized and amended the CMS Anti-fraud
     Management Policy and Audit Policy. Regarding the procedure and internal control over handling and propagation of
     the inside information, the Group has adopted an Inside Information Management Policy which has been disseminated
     to all the staff. Based on the policy and in order to ensure that the inside information would be processed and
     propagated in compliance, the Group has established monitoring measures to ensure that the potential inside
     information could be promptly recognized, assessed and then provided to the Board for their decision that whether a
     disclosure is required.


     The Audit Committee assists the Board in performing its supervision over the recourses and corporate governance
     roles in the Group’s financial, operational, compliance, risk management, internal controls, internal audit, ESG
     performance and reporting related functions by reviewing the working report from internal audit and external
     audit. During the Reporting Period, the Group’s internal audit (“Internal Audit”) conducted selective reviews of the
     effectiveness of the systems of risk management and internal controls of the Group in respect of financial, operational
     and compliance controls with emphasis on control over business continuity, compliance risks and fraud risks. The
     Group’s Internal Audit reported such results to the Audit Committee, which then reviewed and reported the same to
     the Board. The Audit Committee and the Board were not aware of any areas of concern that would have a significant
     impact on the Group’s financial position or results of operations and considered the risk management and internal
     control systems to be generally adequate and effective with adequate resources, staff qualifications and experience,
     training programs for the staff and budget for the accounting, internal audit, financial reporting and ESG performance
     and reporting functions, etc.


     In addition to the review of risk management and internal controls executed within the Group, the external auditor
     appointed by the Group also assessed the adequacy and effectiveness of certain main risk management and internal
     controls as part of their regulatory audits. The external auditor’s related recommendation will be adopted under
     appropriate circumstances to strengthen the risk management and internal controls.


     Shareholders’ Rights
     Convening an Extraordinary General Meeting
     Pursuant to article 12.3 of the Articles of Association, any one or more shareholders holding at the date of deposit of
     the requisition not less than one-tenth of the paid-up capital of the Company carrying the right of voting at general
     meetings of the Company shall at all times has the right, by written requisition specifying the objects of the meeting
     and signed by the requisitionists to the Company’s headquarters and principal place of business in Hong Kong at Unit
     2106, 21/F, Island Place Tower, 510 King’s Road, North Point, Hong Kong to require an extraordinary general meeting
     to be called by the Board for the transaction of any business specified in such requisition. The same requirement and
     procedure also apply to any proposal to be tabled at shareholders’ meetings for adoption.




69   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                            CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                                                                                            (CONTINUED)




Shareholders’ Enquiries
Shareholders should direct their questions about their shareholdings to the Company’s branch share registrar,
Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited (Shops 1712-1716, 17/F, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road
East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong). Shareholders and the investment community may at any time make a request for the
Company’s information to the extent that such information is publicly available. Shareholders may also make enquiries
to the Board by writing to the Company Secretary at the Company’s headquarters and principal place of business in
Hong Kong at Unit 2106, 21/F, Island Place Tower, 510 King’s Road, North Point, Hong Kong.


Articles of Association
The third amended and restated memorandum and articles of association of the Company was adopted by special
resolution at the AGM held on 28 April 2023 to, inter alia, (i) conform to the core standards for shareholder protections
set out in Appendix A1 to the Listing Rules and the relevant requirements of the applicable laws of the Cayman
Islands; (ii) to provide flexibility to the Company in relation to the conduct of general meetings; and (iii) to incorporate
certain housekeeping changes. The amended and restated memorandum and articles of association of the Company
is available at the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange.


Save as disclosed, there were no changes made to the during the year ended 31 December 2023.


The Company proposes to amend Articles of Association to bring it up to date and better apply the latest
regulatory requirements in relation to the expanded paperless listing regime and the electronic dissemination
of corporate communications by listed issuers and the relevant amendments made to the Listing Rules which
took effect on 31 December 2023. The proposed amendments are subject to the passing of a special resolution
by the shareholders of the Company at the forthcoming AGM of the Company to be held on 9 May 2024.

A circular containing, among others, details of the proposed amendments and a notice convening the AGM will be
dispatched to the shareholders of the Company.


Communications with Shareholders and Investors
The Group has been attaching a great importance to the communication and interaction with shareholders and
investors, and actively enriched our communication channels and methods to disclose information that is important to
shareholders and investors in a timely and effective manner, delivering business strategies and updates transparently
and objectively. Meanwhile, the Group have earnestly listened to the valuable feedbacks from the capital market to
continuously improve our corporate governance. In order to effectively regulate the relevant practice, the Group has
established Investors (Shareholders Included) Communication Policy and has regularly reviewed and assessed its
implementation and effectiveness. During the Reporting Period, the Board had reviewed the Investors (Shareholders
Included) Communication Policy and considered it to be properly implemented and effective.




                                                                               CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           70
                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     The Group has interacted with its shareholders and investors mainly through the following channels, and proactively
     solicited and responded to the opinions of shareholders and investors: (i) holding Annual General Meetings and
     Extraordinary General Meetings; (ii) publishing Annual and Interim Reports, proactively issuing various Voluntary
     Announcements to update the Company’s business in a timely manner; (iii) releasing latest news and updates of the
     Group on its official website, WeChat accounts and financial media platforms; (iv) disclosing the contact of investor
     relations department and offering an interaction function on the Group’s official website to facilitate enquiries from
     investors; (v) organizing online and offline Interim and Annual Results Announcement Conferences; (vi) organizing
     and receiving investors visits and conference calls, etc.; (vii) actively participating in various conferences organized by
     sell-sides, such as investment summits, roadshows, and others. During the Reporting Period, the management and
     the investor relations team of the Group have received approximately a thousand representatives of domestic and
     overseas individuals and institutional investors.


     The Group’s excellent corporate governance, as well as active and persistent communication with shareholders and
     investors have been recognized by third parties. During the Reporting Period, the Group was included in the “Hang
     Seng Innovative Drug Index”, listed as the “Top 25 Listed Pharmaceutical Companies” of “Top 100 Hong Kong Listed
     Companies” for the third consecutive year, and awarded the “Most Popular Southbound Stock Connect Company”
     of Annual Golden GuruClub Awards. In addition, the Group was included in the First “Sustainability Yearbook
     (China)” of S&P Global, once again selected as the “TOP 20 ESG Competitiveness of Chinese Pharmaceutical Listed
     Companies”, and received awards such as the “Pioneer in Corporate Governance” and the “Most Socially Responsible
     Listed Company”, etc.


     In the future, the Group will continue to maintain sincere and effective communication with domestic and overseas
     investors through diverse communication channels, listen attentively to voices from the capital market, and
     continuously refine its investor relations efforts.




71   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF
CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
康哲藥業控股有限公司
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


Opinion

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of China Medical System Holdings Limited (the "Company")
and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as "the Group") set out on pages 77 to 185, which comprise the
consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2023, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss
and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash
flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including material accounting policy
information and other explanatory information.


In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of
the Group as at 31 December 2023, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for
the year then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRSs") and have been properly
prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


Basis for Opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing ("HKSAs") issued by the Hong Kong
Institute of Certified Public Accountants ("HKICPA"). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described
in the Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are
independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA's Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the "Code"),
and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence
we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


Key Audit Matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit
of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a
separate opinion on these matters.




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          72
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF
     CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED - continued
     康哲藥業控股有限公司
     (incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


     Key Audit Matters - continued


      Key audit matter                                             How our audit addressed the key audit matter

      Impairment of Goodwill


      We identified the impairment of goodwill allocated to        Our procedures in relation to the impairment of goodwill
      the cash generating unit of Tianjin Kangzhe Vision           included:
      Pharmaceutical Technology Development Co., Ltd.
      ("Tianjin Kangzhe") as a key audit matter due to the         •   Making inquiries with management on their bases
      involvement of significant judgment of the management            and assumptions used in relation to the preparation
      in determining the impairment of goodwill.                       of the value in use calculation;


      The impairment of goodwill is determined based on            •   Checking the mathematical accuracy of the value in
      the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value        use calculation;
      in use of the cash generating unit. The recoverable
      amount has been determined based on value in                 •   E v a l u a t i n g t h e re a s o n a b l e n e s s o f t h e k e y
      use calculation, which is based on the cash flow                 assumptions including growth rates, discount
      forecasts prepared by management. The impairment                 rate and the forecast performance used by the
      model is sensitive to changes in the key assumptions             management with reference to the historical
      including growth rates, discount rate and the forecast           performance;
      performance based on management's view of future
      business prospects.                                          •   Checking the inputs used in the cash flow forecast
                                                                       against supporting documentation, on a sample
                                                                       basis;
      As at 31 December 2023, the carrying value of goodwill
      was RMB990,333,000. Details relating to the Group's
                                                                   •   Evaluating the sensitivity analysis prepared by the
      goodwill and key sources of estimation uncertainty
                                                                       management on discount rate and growth rates
      are set out in Note 19 and Note 4 to the consolidated
                                                                       to assess the extent of impact on the value in use
      financial statements, respectively.
                                                                       calculation;

                                                                   •   Evaluating the independent professional external
                                                                       valuer’s competence, capabilities and objectivity;
                                                                       and

                                                                   •   Involving our internal valuation specialists to assess
                                                                       the appropriateness of valuation methodology and
                                                                       discount rate adopted.



73   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                             INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
                                                                                                           (CONTINUED)




TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF
CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED - continued
康哲藥業控股有限公司
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


Other Information


The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
information included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor's
report thereon.


Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any
form of assurance conclusion thereon.


In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information
and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial
statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the
work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required
to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


Responsibilities of Directors and Those Charged with Governance for the Consolidated
Financial Statements


The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a
true and fair view in accordance with IFRSs and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance,
and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial
statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.


In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group's ability to
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic
alternative but to do so.


Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group's financial reporting process.




                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          74
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF
     CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED - continued
     康哲藥業控股有限公司
     (incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


     Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements


     Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
     are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our
     opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We
     do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable
     assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will
     always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered
     material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of
     users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.


     As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional
     skepticism throughout the audit. We also:


     •   Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
         fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is
         sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement
         resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional
         omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

     •   Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
         appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
         Group's internal control.

     •   Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
         related disclosures made by the directors.

     •   Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors' use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on
         the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast
         significant doubt on the Group's ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty
         exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor's report to the related disclosures in the consolidated
         financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based
         on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's report. However, future events or conditions may
         cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.




75   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
                                                                                                               (CONTINUED)




TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF
CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED - continued
康哲藥業控股有限公司
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements - continued

•   Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
    disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events
    in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

•   Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities
    within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the
    direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.


We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing
of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during
our audit.


We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may
reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or
safeguards applied.


From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit
matters. We describe these matters in our auditor's report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about
the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our
report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest
benefits of such communication.


The engagement partner on the audit resulting in the independent auditor's report is Sy, Sunnie.




Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong
27 March 2024



                                                                                 CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED            76
                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR
     LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023


                                                                          NOTES       2023           2022
                                                                                   RMB'000        RMB'000
     Revenue                                                                5      8,013,285      9,150,347
     Cost of goods sold                                                           (1,904,119)    (2,114,500)
     Gross profit                                                                  6,109,166      7,035,847
     Other income                                                           6        232,091        198,578
     Other gains and losses                                                 7       (335,997)          (4,195)
     Selling expenses                                                             (2,511,341)    (2,721,312)
     Administrative expenses                                                        (656,628)      (636,612)
     Finance costs                                                          8         (46,251)       (49,086)
     Research and development expenses                                              (195,134)      (125,431)
     Share of results of associates                                                   274,977         65,061
     Share of result of a joint venture                                                 2,888               -
     Profit before tax                                                            2,873,771      3,762,850
     Income tax expense                                                    11      (489,341)      (486,655)
     Profit for the year                                                   12     2,384,430      3,276,195
     Other comprehensive (expenses) income
     Item that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
     Fair value loss on investments in equity instruments at
       fair value through other comprehensive income                                (133,155)      (196,197)
     Items that may be reclassified subsequently to
       profit or loss:
       Share of other comprehensive income of associates                               5,507         35,357
       Exchange differences arising on translation of
         foreign operations                                                            1,074         16,092
       Exchange differences arising on translation of
         Interests in associates                                                     14,589          18,315
       Change in fair value on cash flow hedges
         - fair value (loss) gain                                                     (8,902)        10,861
         - deferred tax relating to change in fair value                                 652           (892)
     Other comprehensive expense
      for the year, net of income tax                                               (120,235)      (116,464)
     Total comprehensive income for the year                                      2,264,195      3,159,731
     Profit (loss) for the year attributable to:
      Owners of the Company                                                       2,400,940      3,258,992
      Non-controlling interests                                                      (16,510)       17,203
                                                                                  2,384,430      3,276,195
     Total comprehensive income (expense) for the year attributable to:
      Owners of the Company                                                       2,280,705      3,142,528
      Non-controlling interests                                                      (16,510)       17,203
                                                                                  2,264,195      3,159,731

                                                                                       RMB             RMB
     Earnings per share                                                    14
      Basic                                                                          0.9792          1.3281


77   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                            CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                                                    FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                     AT 31 DECEMBER 2023



                                                         NOTES              2023                2022
                                                                         RMB'000             RMB'000
Non-current assets
 Property, plant and equipment                            15               397,616             425,480
 Right-of-use assets                                      16                76,124              69,979
 Interests in associates                                 17(a)           3,271,934           3,044,818
 Interest in a joint venture                             17(b)             179,049                   -
 Intangible assets                                        18             2,216,092           2,066,423
 Goodwill                                                 19             1,547,903           1,665,993
 Equity instruments at fair value through
   other comprehensive income                            20(b)             163,893             297,048
 Deposits paid for acquisition of intangible assets       23             1,013,395           1,285,415
 Amounts due from associates                              24                30,000              30,000
 Deferred tax assets                                      31                40,396              39,007
                                                                         8,936,402           8,924,163
Current assets
 Inventories                                              21               637,636             477,206
 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss   20(a)           1,832,258           1,491,336
 Trade and other receivables and prepayments              22             1,568,587           2,043,944
 Loan receivable                                                            35,945              70,168
 Tax recoverable                                                               784                 253
 Derivative financial instruments                         32                     -              42,021
 Amounts due from associates                              24               408,167             328,072
 Bank balances and cash                                   25             4,311,058           4,376,376
                                                                         8,794,435           8,829,376
Current liabilities
 Trade and other payables                                 26               436,976             563,194
 Lease liabilities                                        27                15,416              15,804
 Contract liabilities                                     28                12,733              21,614
 Bank borrowings                                          29             1,269,650           1,783,337
 Derivative financial instrument                          32                17,227                 562
 Deferred consideration payables                                             1,000               1,000
 Tax liabilities                                                           295,784             327,819
 Obligation arising from put options                      30                     -             163,773
                                                                         2,048,786           2,877,103
Net current assets                                                       6,745,649           5,952,273
Total assets less current liabilities                                   15,682,051          14,876,436




                                                                 CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED     78
                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
     (CONTINUED)
     AT 31 December 2023




                                                                    NOTES                2023                2022
                                                                                      RMB'000             RMB'000
     Capital and reserves
      Share capital                                                   33                83,991              83,991
      Reserves                                                        34            15,436,217          14,505,076
     Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                   15,520,208          14,589,067
     Non-controlling interests                                                          36,199             148,010
                                                                                    15,556,407          14,737,077


     Non-current liabilities
      Deferred tax liabilities                                        31               108,973             124,959
      Lease liabilities                                               27                16,671              13,491
      Deferred consideration payables                                                        -                 909
                                                                                       125,644             139,359
                                                                                    15,682,051          14,876,436




     The consolidated financial statements on pages 77 to 185 were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of
     Directors on 27 March 2024 and are signed on its behalf by:




                       _____________________________                 ____________________________
                                LAM Kong                                     CHEN Yanling
                                DIRECTOR                                      DIRECTOR




79   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                               CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                                                                                       CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                                                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023



                                                                                          Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                                                          Share-                                                            Attributable
                                                                                    Surplus                  Investments based                                                                to non-
                                                         Share    Share Capital reserve Translation Hedging revaluation payments Other Accumulated Dividend                                 controlling
                                                         capital premium reserve     fund    reserve reserve reserve     reserve reserve profits   reserve                        Sub-total interests    Total
                                                        RMB'000 RMB'000 RMB'000 RMB'000 RMB'000 RMB'000 RMB'000 RMB'000 RMB'000 RMB'000 RMB'000                                   RMB'000 RMB'000 RMB'000
                                                                         (Note 34) (Note 34)

Balance at 1 January 2022                                84,177 2,153,817      19,545   362,151   (25,882)   (1,719)    (66,501)   (37,432)   76,352     9,630,342      557,594   12,752,444     94,543   12,846,987

Profit for the year                                            -          -         -         -        -          -           -          -          -    3,258,992            - 3,258,992        17,203 3,276,195
Share of other comprehensive income of associates              -          -         -         -   35,357          -           -          -          -            -            -    35,357             -    35,357
Exchange differences arising on translation of
 foreign operations                                            -          -         -         -   16,092          -           -          -          -             -           -      16,092           -     16,092
Exchange differences arising on translation of
 interests in an associate                                     -          -         -         -   18,315          -           -          -          -             -           -      18,315           -     18,315
Fair value loss on investments in equity instruments
 at fair value through other comprehensive income              -          -         -         -         -         -    (196,197)         -          -             -           -    (196,197)          -    (196,197)
Change in fair value on cash flow hedges
 - fair value gain                                             -          -         -         -         -    10,861           -          -          -             -           -      10,861           -     10,861
 - deferred tax relating to change in fair value               -          -         -         -         -      (892)          -          -          -             -           -        (892)          -       (892)

Total comprehensive income (expense) for the year              -          -         -         -   69,764      9,969    (196,197)         -          -    3,258,992            - 3,142,528        17,203 3,159,731
Repurchase of ordinary shares (Note 33)                     (186)   (48,196)        -         -        -          -           -          -          -            -            -    (48,382)           -    (48,382)
Acquisition of a subsidiary (Note 42(b))                       -          -         -         -        -          -           -          -          -            -            -          -        3,174      3,174
Non-controlling interests arising from incorporation
 of a subsidiary                                               -          -         -         -         -         -           -         -           -            -            -            -     33,090     33,090
Recognition of equity-settled share-based payments             -          -         -         -         -         -           -    18,716           -            -            -      18,716           -     18,716
Dividends paid (Note 13)                                       -          -         -         -         -         -           -         -           -     (718,645)    (557,594) (1,276,239)          - (1,276,239)
Dividends proposed (Note 13)                                   -          -         -         -         -         -           -         -           -     (591,910)     591,910           -           -          -
Disposal of investments in equity instruments at fair
 value through other comprehensive income                      -          -         -         -         -         -     20,675           -          -      (20,675)           -           -           -            -
Transfer of reserves                                           -          -         -    32,734         -         -          -           -          -      (32,734)           -           -           -            -

Balance at 31 December 2022                              83,991 2,105,621      19,545   394,885   43,882      8,250    (242,023)   (18,716)   76,352 11,525,370        591,910 14,589,067       148,010 14,737,077
Profit (loss) for the year                                    -         -           -         -        -          -           -          -         - 2,400,940               - 2,400,940         (16,510) 2,384,430
Share of other comprehensive income of associates             -         -           -         -    5,507          -           -          -         -          -              -     5,507               -      5,507
Exchange differences arising on translation of
 foreign operations                                            -          -         -         -    1,074          -           -          -          -             -           -       1,074           -       1,074
Exchange differences arising on translation of
 interests in associates                                       -          -         -         -   14,589          -           -          -          -             -           -      14,589           -     14,589
Fair value loss on investments in equity instruments
 at fair value through other comprehensive income              -          -         -         -         -         -    (133,155)         -          -             -           -    (133,155)          -    (133,155)
Change in fair value on cash flow hedges
 - fair value loss                                             -          -         -         -         -    (8,902)          -          -          -             -           -       (8,902)         -      (8,902)
 - deferred tax relating to change in fair value               -          -         -         -         -       652           -          -          -             -           -          652          -         652

Total comprehensive income (expense) for the year              -          -         -         -   21,170     (8,250)   (133,155)         -          -    2,400,940            - 2,280,705       (16,510) 2,264,195
Recognition of equity-settled share-based payments             -          -         -         -        -          -           -      1,560          -            -            -        1,560          -       1,560
Repurchase of shares from non-controlling interests            -          -         -         -        -          -           -     54,588    (76,352)      68,435            -       46,671      1,749      48,420
Share-based payment forfeited                                  -          -         -         -        -          -           -    (37,432)         -            -            -      (37,432)         -     (37,432)
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                    -          -         -         -        -           -           -         -          -            -            -            -    (73,886)    (73,886)
Deemed disposal of a subsidiary                                -          -         -         -        -           -           -         -          -            -            -            -    (23,164)    (23,164)
Dividends paid (Note 13)                                       -          -         -         -        -           -           -         -          -     (768,453)    (591,910) (1,360,363)          - (1,360,363)
Dividends proposed (Note 13)                                   -          -         -         -        -           -           -         -          -     (191,991)     191,991            -          -           -
Disposal of investments in equity instruments at fair
 value through other comprehensive income                      -          -         -        -          -         -      3,222           -          -        (3,222)          -            -          -            -
Transfer of reserves                                           -          -         -   30,750          -         -          -           -          -      (30,750)           -            -          -            -

Balance at 31 December 2023                              83,991 2,105,621      19,545 425,635     65,052          - (371,956)            -          - 13,000,329       191,991 15,520,208       36,199 15,556,407




                                                                                                                                    CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED                                              80
                                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
     CASH FLOWS
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023



                                                            NOTES      2023           2022
                                                                    RMB'000        RMB'000
     OPERATING ACTIVITIES
     Profit before tax                                              2,873,771      3,762,850
     Adjustments for:
      Amortisation of intangible assets                      18      163,504        165,769
      Impairment loss on goodwill                                          -         60,000
      Impairment loss on interest in a joint venture                  44,000              -
      Impairment loss on intangible assets                             8,025              -
      Impairment loss on inventories                                  33,215              -
      Impairment loss on prepayment                                   23,450              -
      Impairment loss on financial assets
        under expected credit loss model, net of reversal             52,723             110
      Impairment loss on deposit paid for acquisition
         of intangible assets                                        163,462          2,003
      Interest expenses                                               45,213         37,553
      Depreciation of property, plant and equipment          15       45,797         43,310
      Depreciation of right-of-use assets                    16       20,264         18,147
      Loss on disposal of property, plant and
        equipment                                                         265            403
      Imputed interest expense on deferred
        consideration payables                                              91           173
      Imputed interest expense on obligation
        rising from put options                                             947        11,360
      Share of results of associates                                 (274,977)        (65,061)
      Share of result of a joint venture                                 (2,888)            -
      Interest income                                                (146,475)      (105,515)
      Dividends from financial assets at FVTPL                         (30,620)             -
      Net foreign exchange (gain) loss                                   (3,494)     155,744
      Change in fair value of derivative financial
        instruments                                                   49,785         (41,889)
      Change in fair value of financial assets at fair
        value through profit or loss                                   16,750       (150,009)
      (Reversal of) share-based payments, net                         (35,872)        18,716
     Operating cash flows before movements in
       working capital                                              3,046,936      3,913,664
     (Increase) decrease in inventories                              (235,767)         8,156
     Decrease in trade and other receivables
       and prepayments                                               410,558        163,914
     Increase in amounts due from associates                          (80,095)         (8,036)
     Decrease in trade and other payables                             (82,845)       (71,858)
     Decrease in contract liabilities                                   (8,881)        (2,101)




81   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                                          (CONTINUED)
                                                                    FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




                                                          NOTES               2023              2022
                                                                           RMB'000           RMB'000

Cash generated from operations                                            3,049,906         4,003,739
People's Republic of China (the "PRC") Enterprise
 Income Tax paid                                                           (391,922)          (284,566)
Hong Kong Profits Tax paid                                                     (569)              (122)
Macau Complementary Income Tax paid                                        (154,562)          (165,808)
NET CASH FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES                                        2,502,853         3,553,243


INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Interest received                                                           146,475           103,152
Dividend received from an associate                                         180,421             31,305
Dividends received from financial assets at FVTPL                             30,620                 -
Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                    (27,490)          (18,336)
Payments for right-of-use assets                                             (14,701)                -
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant
  and equipment                                                                 318              2,323
Disposal of financial assets at fair value
  through profit or loss                                                     20,343                185
Disposal of equity instruments at fair value
  through other comprehensive income                                                -            2,841
Purchase of financial assets at fair value
  through profit or loss                                                   (378,015)          (363,638)
Purchase of equity instruments at fair value
  through other comprehensive income                                                -           (95,615)
Purchase of intangible assets                                                  (6,604)                -
Payments for rental deposits                                                     (859)             (184)
Deposits paid for acquisition of intangible assets                         (269,165)          (506,585)
Acquisition of an associate                                                         -         (233,713)
Capital injection to associates                                            (112,464)            (36,117)
Net cash outflow on deemed disposal of a subsidiary        43                (11,155)                 -
Loan to third parties                                                               -           (34,823)
Net cash outflow on acquisition of subsidiaries            42                       -           (28,997)
NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES                                      (442,276)        (1,178,202)




                                                                  CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED    82
                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
     (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




                                                          NOTE       2023            2022
                                                                  RMB'000         RMB'000

     FINANCING ACTIVITIES
     New bank borrowings raised                                   1,276,535       1,375,013
     Repayment for deferred consideration payable                      (1,000)         (1,000)
     Interest paid                                                   (45,213)        (37,553)
     Dividends paid                                        13    (1,360,363)     (1,276,239)
     Repayment of bank borrowings                                (1,786,728)     (1,427,993)
     Repayments of lease liabilities                                 (18,069)        (16,850)
     Repurchase of shares from non-controlling interest            (116,300)                -
     Dividends paid to non-controlling interest                      (73,886)               -
     Payment on repurchase of shares                                        -        (48,382)
     Capital contribution from non-controlling interest                     -         33,090
     NET CASH USED IN FINANCING ACTIVITIES                       (2,125,024)     (1,399,914)
     NET (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH AND
      CASH EQUIVALENTS                                              (64,447)       975,127

     CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENT AT THE
      BEGINNING OF YEAR                                          4,376,376       3,385,739
     Effects of exchange rate changes on the balance
      of cash held in foreign currencies                                (871)        15,510
     CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENT AT THE END
      OF YEAR REPRESENTED BY BANK
      BALANCES AND CASH                                          4,311,058       4,376,376




83   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
                                      STATEMENTS
                                                                      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023


1.   GENERAL INFORMATION
     China Medical System Holdings Limited (the "Company") was incorporated as an exempted company with
     limited liability in the Cayman Islands on 18 December 2006. On 26 June 2007, the Company was listed on
     the Alternative Investment Market ("AIM") operated by the London Stock Exchange plc. The Company was
     listed on the Main Board operated by The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited on 28 September 2010 and
     it was delisted from the AIM on the same date. The Company's ultimate holding company and immediate
     holding company is Treasure Sea Limited, a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands. The address of
     the Company's registered office is P.O. Box 309, Ugland House, Grand Cayman, KY1-1104, Cayman Islands.
     The address of its principal place of business is Unit 2106, 21/F, Island Place Tower, 510 King's Road, North
     Point, Hong Kong.

     The Company is an investment holding company. The principal activities of its subsidiaries are research and
     development, production, promotion and sale of medicines.

     The consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi ("RMB"), which is also the functional currency
     of the Company and majority of its subsidiaries.



2.   APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL
     REPORTING STANDARDS ("IFRSs")
     New and amendments to IFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year

     In the current year, the Group has applied the following new and amendments to IFRSs for the first time,
     which are mandatorily effective for the annual periods beginning on 1 January 2023 for the preparation of the
     consolidated financial statements:


     IFRS 17                                             Insurance Contracts (including the relevant amendments)
     Amendments to IAS 8                                 Definition of Accounting Estimates
     Amendments to IAS 12                                Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising
                                                          from a Single Transaction
     Amendments to IAS 12                                International Tax Reform-Pillar Two model Rules
     Amendments to IAS 1 and                             Disclosure of Accounting Policies
      IFRS Practice Statement 2


     Except as described below, the application of the new and amendments to IFRSs in the current year has had
     no material impact on the Group's financial positions and performance for the current and prior years and/or on
     the disclosures set out in these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                          CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        84
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




     2.    APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL
           REPORTING STANDARDS ("IFRSs") - continued
           New and amendments to IFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year -
           continued


           Impacts on application of Amendments to IAS 8 Definition of Accounting Estimates

           The Group has applied the amendments for the first time in the current year. The amendments define
           accounting estimates as "monetary amounts in financial statements that are subject to measurement
           uncertainty". An accounting policy may require items in financial statements to be measured in a way that
           involves measurement uncertainty. In such a case, an entity develops an accounting estimate to achieve the
           objective set out by the accounting policy. The amendments to IAS 8 clarify the distinction between changes in
           accounting estimates, and changes in accounting policies and the correction of errors.

           The application of the amendments in the current year had no material impact on the consolidated financial
           statements.


           Impacts on application of Amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS Practice Statement 2
           Disclosure of Accounting Policies

           The Group has applied the amendments for the first time in the current year. IAS 1 Presentation of Financial
           Statements is amended to replace all instances of the term "significant accounting policies" with "material
           accounting policy information". Accounting policy information is material if, when considered together with other
           information included in an entity’s financial statements, it can reasonably be expected to influence decisions
           that the primary users of general purpose financial statements make on the basis of those financial statements.

           The amendments also clarify that accounting policy information may be material because of the nature of the
           related transactions, other events or conditions, even if the amounts are immaterial. However, not all accounting
           policy information relating to material transactions, other events or conditions is itself material. If an entity
           chooses to disclose immaterial accounting policy information, such information must not obscure material
           accounting policy information.

           IFRS Practice Statement 2 Making Materiality Judgements (the "Practice Statement") is also amended to
           illustrate how an entity applies the "four-step materiality process" to accounting policy disclosures and to judge
           whether information about an accounting policy is material to its financial statements. Guidance and examples
           are added to the Practice Statement.

           The application of the amendments has had no material impact on the Group’s financial positions and
           performance but has affected the disclosure of the Group’s accounting policies set out in Note 3 to the
           consolidated financial statements.




85   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                  (CONTINUED)
                                                                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




2.   APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL
     REPORTING STANDARDS ("IFRSs") - continued
     Amendments to IFRSs in issue but not yet effective

     The Group has not early applied the following Amendments to IFRS Standards that have been issued but are
     not yet effective:


     Amendments to IFRS 10                                         Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor
         and IAS 28                                                  and its Associate or Joint Venture1
     Amendments to IFRS 16                                         Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback2
     Amendments to IAS 1                                           Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current2
     Amendments to IAS 1                                           Non-current Liabilities with Covenants2
     Amendments to IAS 7                                           Supplier Finance Arrangements2
         and IFRS 7
     Amendments to IAS 21                                          Lack of Exchangeability3

     1
       Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined
     2
       Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024
     3
       Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2025


     Except for the new and amendments to IFRSs mentioned below, the directors of the Company anticipate that
     the application of all other new and amendments to IFRSs will have no material impact on the consolidated
     financial statements in the foreseeable future.


     Amendments to IAS 1 Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current (the "2020
     Amendments") and Amendments to IAS 1 Non-current Liabilities with Covenants (the
     "2022 Amendments")

     The 2020 Amendments provide clarification and additional guidance on the assessment of right to defer
     settlement for at least twelve months from reporting date for classification of liabilities as current or non-current,
     which:


     •     clarify that if a liability has terms that could, at the option of the counterparty, result in its settlement by the
           transfer of the entity's own equity instruments, these terms do not affect its classification as current or non-
           current only if the entity recognises the option separately as an equity instrument applying IAS 32 Financial
           Instruments: Presentation.
     •     specify that the classification of liabilities as current or non-current should be based on rights that are in
           existence at the end of the reporting period. Specifically, the amendments clarify that the classification
           should not be affected by management intentions or expectations to settle the liability within 12 months.




                                                                                    CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         86
                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




     2.    APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL
           REPORTING STANDARDS ("IFRSs") - continued
           Amendments to IFRSs in issue but not yet effective - continued


           Amendments to IAS 1 Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current (the "2020
           Amendments") and Amendments to IAS 1 Non-current Liabilities with Covenants (the
           "2022 Amendments") - continued

           For rights to defer settlement for at least twelve months from reporting date which are conditional on the
           compliance with covenants, the requirements introduced by the 2020 Amendments have been modified by
           the 2022 Amendments. The 2022 Amendments specify that only covenants with which an entity is required to
           comply with on or before the end of the reporting period affect the entity’s right to defer settlement of a liability
           for at least twelve months after the reporting date. Covenants which are required to comply with only after the
           reporting period do not affect whether that right exists at the end of the reporting period.

           In addition, the 2022 Amendments specify the disclosure requirements about information that enables users
           of financial statements to understand the risk that the liabilities could become repayable within twelve
           months after the reporting period, if the entity classify liabilities arising from loan arrangements as non-current
           when the entity’s right to defer settlement of those liabilities is subject to the entity complying with covenants
           within twelve months after the reporting period.

           The 2022 Amendments also defer the effective date of applying the 2020 Amendments to annual reporting
           periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024. The 2022 Amendments, together with the 2020 Amendments,
           are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024, with early application permitted.
           If an entity applies the 2020 amendments for an earlier period after the issue of the 2022 Amendments, the
           entity should also apply the 2022 Amendments for that period.

           Based on the Group's outstanding liabilities as at 31 December 2023, the application of the 2020 and 2022
           Amendments will not result in reclassification of the Group's liabilities.



     3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           3.1        Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements

                      The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRSs issued by
                      International Accounting Standards Board. For the purpose of preparation of the consolidated
                      financial statements, information is considered material if such information is reasonably expected
                      to influence decisions made by primary users. In addition, the consolidated financial statements
                      include applicable disclosures required by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock
                      Exchange of Hong Kong Limited ("Listing Rules") and by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.



87   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   (CONTINUED)
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION - continued
     3.2   Material accounting policy information

           Basis of consolidation


           The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and
           entities controlled by the Company and its subsidiaries. Control is achieved when the Company:


           •   has power over the investee;
           •   is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and
           •   has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.


           The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that
           there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.

           Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases
           when the Group loses control of the subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses of a subsidiary
           acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss
           and other comprehensive income from the date the Group gains control until the date when the
           Group ceases to control the subsidiary.

           Profit or loss and each item of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the
           Company and to the non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income of subsidiaries is
           attributed to the owners of the Company and to the non-controlling interests even if this results in
           the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance.

           When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their
           accounting policies in line with the Group's accounting policies.

           All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions
           between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

           Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are presented separately from the Group's equity therein,
           which represent present ownership interests entitling their holders to a proportionate share of net
           assets of the relevant subsidiaries upon liquidation.




                                                                      CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          88
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




     3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION - continued
           3.2      Material accounting policy information - continued

                     Basis of consolidation - continued

                    Changes in the Group's interests in existing subsidiaries

                     When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, the assets and liabilities of that subsidiary and non-
                     controlling interests (if any) are derecognised. A gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss and is
                     calculated as the difference between (i) the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration received
                     and the fair value of any retained interest and (ii) the carrying amount of the assets (including goodwill),
                     and liabilities of the subsidiary attributable to the owners of the Company. All amounts previously
                     recognised in other comprehensive income in relation to that subsidiary are accounted for as if the
                     Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities of the subsidiary (i.e. reclassified to profit
                     or loss or transferred to another category of equity as specified/permitted by applicable IFRSs). The fair
                     value of any investment retained in the former subsidiary at the date when control is lost is regarded
                     as the fair value on initial recognition for subsequent accounting under IFRS 9 Financial Instruments or,
                     when applicable, the cost on initial recognition of an investment in an associate or a joint venture.

                     Goodwill

                     Goodwill arising on an acquisition of a business is carried at cost as established at the date of
                     acquisition of the business less accumulated impairment losses, if any.

                     For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group's cash-
                     generating units (or group of cash-generating units) that is expected to benefit from the synergies
                     of the combination, which represent the lowest level at which the goodwill is monitored for internal
                     management purposes and not larger than an operating segment.

                     A cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) to which goodwill has been allocated is tested
                     for impairment annually or more frequently when there is indication that the unit may be impaired. For
                     goodwill arising on an acquisition in a reporting period, the cash-generating unit (or group of cash-
                     generating units) to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment before the end of that
                     reporting period. If the recoverable amount is less than its carrying amount, the impairment loss is
                     allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill and then to the other assets on a pro rata
                     basis based on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit (or group of cash-generating units).

                     On disposal of the relevant cash-generating unit or any of the cash-generating unit within the group of
                     cash-generating units, the attributable amount of goodwill is included in the determination of the amount
                     of profit or loss on disposal. When the Group disposes of an operation within the cash-generating unit
                     (or a cash-generating unit within a group of cash-generating units), the amount of goodwill disposed of
                     is measured on the basis of the relative values of the operation (or the cash-generating unit) disposed of
                     and the portion of the cash-generating unit (or the group of cash-generating units) retained.



89   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                      (CONTINUED)
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION - continued
     3.2   Material accounting policy information - continued

           Goodwill - continued


           The Group's policy for goodwill arising on the acquisition of an associate is described below.

           Interests in associates and a joint venture

           An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence. Significant influence is the
           power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but is not control
           or joint control over those policies.

           A joint venture is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement
           have rights to the net assets of the joint arrangement. Joint control is the contractually agreed
           sharing of control of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities
           require unanimous consent of the parties sharing control.

           The results and assets and liabilities of associates and a joint venture are incorporated in these
           consolidated financial statements using the equity method of accounting. The financial statements
           of associates and a joint venture used for equity accounting purposes are prepared using uniform
           accounting policies as those of the Group for like transactions and events in similar circumstances.
           Under the equity method, an investment in an associate or a joint venture is initially recognised in
           the consolidated statement of financial position at cost and adjusted thereafter to recognise the
           Group's share of the profit or loss and other comprehensive income of the associate or joint venture.
           Changes in net assets of the associate other than profit or loss and other comprehensive income
           are not accounted for unless such changes resulted in changes in ownership interest held by the
           Group. When the Group's share of losses of an associate or joint venture exceeds the Group's
           interest in that associate or joint venture (which includes any long-term interests that, in substance,
           form part of the Group's net investment in the associate or joint venture), the Group discontinues
           recognising its share of further losses. Additional losses are recognised only to the extent that the
           Group has incurred legal or constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the associate or
           joint venture.

           An interest in an associate or a joint venture is accounted for using the equity method from the date
           on which the investee becomes an associate or a joint venture. On acquisition of the interest in an
           associate or a joint venture, any excess of the cost of the investment over the Group's share of the
           net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities of the investee is recognised as goodwill, which
           is included within the carrying amount of the investment. Any excess of the Group's share of the net
           fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities over the cost of the investment, after reassessment,
           is recognised immediately in profit or loss in the period in which the investment is acquired.



                                                                        CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           90
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




     3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION - continued
           3.2      Material accounting policy information - continued

                     Interests in associates and a joint venture - continued

                     The Group assesses whether there is an objective evidence that the interest in an associate or a
                     joint venture may be impaired. When any objective evidence exists, the entire carrying amount of
                     the investment (including goodwill) is tested for impairment in accordance with IAS 36 as a single
                     asset by comparing its recoverable amount (higher of value in use and fair value less costs of
                     disposal) with its carrying amount. Any impairment loss recognised is not allocated to any asset,
                     including goodwill, that forms part of the carrying amount of the investment. Any reversal of that
                     impairment loss is recognised in accordance with IAS 36 to the extent that the recoverable amount
                     of the investment subsequently increases.

                     When a group entity transacts with an associate or a joint venture of the Group, profits and losses resulting
                     from the transactions with the associate or joint venture are recognised in the consolidated financial
                     statements only to the extent of interests in the associate or joint venture that are not related to the Group.

                     Property, plant and equipment

                     Property, plant and equipment including buildings are tangible assets that are held for use in the
                     production or supply of goods or services, or for administrative purposes (other than construction
                     in progress as described below). Property, plant and equipment are stated in the consolidated
                     statement of financial position at cost, less subsequent accumulated depreciation and subsequent
                     accumulated impairment losses, if any.

                     Properties in the course of construction for production, supply or administrative purposes are
                     carried at cost, less any recognised impairment loss. Costs include any costs directly attributable
                     to bringing the asset to the location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in
                     the manner intended by management, including costs of testing whether the related assets is
                     functioning properly. Sale proceeds of items that are produced while bringing an item of property,
                     plant and equipment to the location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the
                     manner intended by management (such as samples produced when testing whether the asset is
                     functioning properly), and the related costs of producing those items are recognised in the profit or
                     loss. The cost of those items are measured in accordance with the measurement requirements of
                     IAS 2. Depreciation of these assets, on the same basis as other property assets, commences when
                     the assets are ready for their intended use.

                     When the Group makes payments for ownership interests of properties which includes both
                     leasehold land and building elements, the entire consideration is allocated between the leasehold
                     land and the building elements in proportion to the relative fair values at initial recognition. To the
                     extent the allocation of the relevant payments can be made reliably, interest in leasehold land is
                     presented as "right-of-use assets" in the consolidated statement of financial position. When the
                     consideration cannot be allocated reliably between non-lease building element and undivided interest
                     in the underlying leasehold land, the entire properties are classified as property, plant and equipment.


91   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                            (CONTINUED)
                                                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION - continued
     3.2   Material accounting policy information - continued

           Property, plant and equipment - continued


           Depreciation is recognised so as to write off the cost of assets (other than construction in progress)
           less their residual values over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line method. The
           estimated useful lives, residual values and depreciation method are reviewed at the end of each
           reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.

           An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future
           economic benefits are expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss
           arising on the disposal or retirement of an item of property, plant and equipment is determined as
           the difference between the sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and is recognised
           in profit or loss.


           Intangible assets


           Intangible assets acquired separately

           Intangible assets with finite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at costs less
           accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses. Amortisation for intangible assets
           with finite useful lives is recognised on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. The
           estimated useful life and amortisation method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with
           the effect of any changes in estimate being accounted for on a prospective basis.


           Internally-generated intangible assets -research and development expenditure

           Expenditure on research activities is recognised as an expense in the period in which it is incurred.

           An internally-generated intangible asset arising from development activities (or from the development
           phase of an internal project) is recognised if, and only if, all of the following have been demonstrated:


           •       the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or sale;
           •       the intention to complete the intangible asset and use or sell it;
           •       the ability to use or sell the intangible asset;
           •       how the intangible asset will generate probable future economic benefits;
           •       the availability of adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the
                   development and to use or sell the intangible asset; and
           •       the ability to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during its
                   development.



                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED               92
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




     3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION - continued
           3.2      Material accounting policy information - continued

                     Intangible assets - continued


                    Internally-generated intangible assets -research and development expenditure
                    - continued

                     The amount initially recognised for internally-generated intangible asset is the sum of the expenditure
                     incurred from the date when the intangible asset first meets the recognition criteria listed above.
                     Where no internally-generated intangible asset can be recognised, development expenditure is
                     recognised in profit or loss in the period in which it is incurred.

                     Subsequent to initial recognition, internally-generated intangible assets are reported at cost less
                     accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses (if any), on the same basis as
                     intangible assets that are acquired separately.


                    Intangible assets acquired in a business combination

                     Intangible assets acquired in a business combination and recognised separately from goodwill and
                     are initially recognised at their fair value at the acquisition date (which is regarded as their cost).

                     Subsequent to initial recognition, intangible assets acquired in a business combination with finite
                     useful lives are reported at costs less accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment
                     losses, on the same basis as intangible assets that are acquired separately.

                     An intangible asset is derecognised on disposal, or when no future economic benefits are expected
                     from use or disposal. Gains and losses arising from derecognition of an intangible asset, measured
                     as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset, are
                     recognised in profit or loss when the asset is derecognised.


                     Impairment on property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets, deposits paid for acquisition of
                     intangible assets and intangible assets other than goodwill


                     At the end of each reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its property, plant
                     and equipment, right-of-use assets, deposits paid for acquisition of intangible assets and intangible
                     assets with finite useful lives to determine whether there is any indication that these assets have
                     suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the relevant
                     asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss (if any).




93   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   (CONTINUED)
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION - continued
     3.2   Material accounting policy information - continued

           Impairment on property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets, deposits paid for acquisition of
           intangible assets and intangible assets other than goodwill - continued

           The recoverable amount of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets, deposits paid for
           acquisition of intangible assets and intangible assets are estimated individually. When it is not
           possible to estimate the recoverable amount individually, the Group estimates the recoverable
           amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.

           In testing a cash-generating unit for impairment, corporate assets are allocated to the relevant cash-
           generating unit when a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be established, or otherwise
           they are allocated to the smallest group of cash generating units for which a reasonable and consistent
           allocation basis can be established. The recoverable amount is determined for the cash-generating
           unit or group of cash-generating units to which the corporate asset belongs, and is compared with the
           carrying amount of the relevant cash- generating unit or group of cash-generating units.

           Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In assessing
           value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax
           discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks
           specific to the asset (or a cash-generating unit) for which the estimates of future cash flows have not
           been adjusted.

           If the recoverable amount of an asset (or a cash-generating unit) is estimated to be less than its
           carrying amount, the carrying amount of the asset (or the cash-generating unit) is reduced to its
           recoverable amount. For corporate assets or portion of corporate assets which cannot be allocated
           on a reasonable and consistent basis to a cash-generating unit, the Group compares the carrying
           amount of a group of cash-generating units, including the carrying amounts of the corporate assets
           or portion of corporate assets allocated to that group of cash-generating units, with the recoverable
           amount of the group of cash-generating units. In allocating the impairment loss, the impairment loss
           is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill (if applicable) and then to the other
           assets on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit or the group of
           cash-generating units. The carrying amount of an asset is not reduced below the highest of its fair
           value less costs of disposal (if measurable), its value in use (if determinable) and zero. The amount
           of the impairment loss that would otherwise have been allocated to the asset is allocated pro rata to
           the other assets of the unit or the group of cash-generating units. An impairment loss is recognised
           immediately in profit or loss.

           Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or cash-
           generating unit or a group of cash-generating units) is increased to the revised estimate of its
           recoverable amount, but so that the increased carrying amount does not exceed the carrying
           amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset
           (or a cash-generating unit or a group of cash-generating units) in prior years. A reversal of an
           impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

                                                                      CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          94
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




     3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION - continued
           3.2      Material accounting policy information - continued

                     Cash and cash equivalents

                     Cash and cash equivalents presented on the consolidated statement of financial position include:

                     (a)      cash, which comprises of cash on hand and demand deposits, excluding bank balances
                              that are subject to regulatory restrictions that result in such balances no longer meeting the
                              definition of cash; and

                     (b)      cash equivalents, which comprises of short-term (generally with original maturity of three
                              months or less), highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to a known amount of
                              cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value. Cash equivalents are
                              held for the purpose of meeting short-term cash commitments rather than for investment or
                              other purposes.

                     For the purposes of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents consist of
                     cash and cash equivalents as defined above.

                     Inventories

                     Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Costs of inventories are
                     determined on a weighted average method. Net realisable value represents the estimated selling
                     price for inventories less all estimated costs of completion and costs necessary to make the sale.
                     Costs necessary to make the sale include incremental costs directly attributable to the sale and non-
                     incremental costs which the Group must incur to make the sale.

                     Financial instruments

                     Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when a group entity becomes a party to the
                     contractual provisions of the instruments. All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are
                     recognised and derecognised on a trade date basis. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases
                     or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the time frame established by
                     regulation or convention in the market place.

                     Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value, except for the trade
                     receivables arising from contracts with customers which are initially measured in accordance with
                     IFRS 15. Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial
                     assets and financial liabilities (other than financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through
                     profit or loss ("FVTPL")) are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or
                     financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs directly attributable to the
                     acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at FVTPL are recognised immediately in profit or
                     loss.




95   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     (CONTINUED)
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION - continued
     3.2   Material accounting policy information - continued

           Financial instruments - continued

           The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or
           financial liability and of allocating interest income and interest expense over the relevant period. The
           effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts and payments
           (including all fees and points paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate,
           transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) through the expected life of the financial asset
           or financial liability, or, where appropriate, a shorter period, to the net carrying amount on initial
           recognition.

           Financial assets
           Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets

           Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:


           •       the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual
                   cash flows; and
           •       the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of
                   principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.


           Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at fair value through
           other comprehensive income ("FVTOCI"):


           •       the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both
                   selling and collecting contractual cash flows; and
           •       the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of
                   principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

           All other financial assets are subsequently measured at FVTPL, except that at initial recognition of
           a financial asset the Group may irrevocably elect to present subsequent changes in fair value of
           an equity investment in other comprehensive income if that equity investment is not a contingent
           consideration recognised by an acquirer in a business combination to which IFRS 3 Business
           Combinations applies, and except derivative designated in a qualifying hedging relationship.


           In addition, the Group may irrevocably designate financial assets that are required to be measured at
           the amortised cost or FVTOCI as measured at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces
           an accounting mismatch.




                                                                        CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           96
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




     3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION - continued
           3.2      Material accounting policy information - continued

                     Financial instruments - continued

                     Financial assets - continued

                     Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets - continued

                     (i)     Amortised cost and interest income

                             Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method for financial assets
                             measured subsequently at amortised cost and debt instruments/receivables subsequently
                             measured at FVTOCI. Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest
                             rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset, except for financial assets that
                             have subsequently become credit-impaired (see below). For financial assets that have
                             subsequently become credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective
                             interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset from the next reporting period. If the
                             credit risk on the credit- impaired financial instrument improves so that the financial asset is
                             no longer credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate
                             to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset from the beginning of the reporting period
                             following the determination that the asset is no longer credit-impaired.

                     (ii)    Equity instruments designated as at FVTOCI

                             Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI are subsequently measured at fair value with
                             gains and losses arising from changes in fair value recognised in other comprehensive
                             income and accumulated in the investments revaluation reserve; and are not subject to
                             impairment assessment. The cumulative gain or loss will not be reclassified to profit or loss
                             on disposal of the equity investments, and will be transferred to accumulated profits.

                             Dividends from these investments in equity instruments are recognised in profit or loss
                             when the Group's right to receive the dividends is established, unless the dividends clearly
                             represent a recovery of part of the cost of the investment.

                     (iii)   Financial assets at FVTPL

                             Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost or
                             FVTOCI or designated as FVTOCI are measured at FVTPL.

                             Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period, with
                             any fair value gains or losses recognised in profit or loss and is included in the "other gains
                             and losses" line item.


97   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     (CONTINUED)
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION - continued
     3.2   Material accounting policy information - continued

           Financial instruments - continued

           Financial assets - continued

           Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9

           The Group performs impairment assessment under expected credit loss ("ECL") model on financial
           assets (including trade and other receivables, loan receivable, amounts due from associates and
           bank balances) which are subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9. The amount of ECL is
           updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition.

           Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the expected
           life of the relevant instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL ("12m ECL") represents the portion
           of lifetime ECL that is expected to result from default events that are possible within 12 months
           after the reporting date. Assessment are done based on the Group's historical credit loss
           experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and
           an assessment of both the current conditions at the reporting date as well as the forecast of future
           conditions.

           The Group always recognises lifetime ECL for trade receivables.

           For all other instruments, the Group measures the loss allowance equal to 12m ECL, unless when
           there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, in which case the Group
           recognises lifetime ECL. The assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be recognised is based on
           significant increases in the likelihood or risk of a default occurring since initial recognition.

           (i)    Significant increase in credit risk

                  In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition,
                  the Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the
                  reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date
                  of initial recognition. In making this assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and
                  qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and
                  forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort.

                  In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit
                  risk has increased significantly:

                  •        an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument's external (if
                           available) or internal credit rating;
                  •        significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk, e.g. a significant
                           increase in the credit spread, the credit default swap prices for the debtor;


                                                                        CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           98
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




     3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION - continued
           3.2      Material accounting policy information - continued

                     Financial instruments - continued

                     Financial assets - continued

                     Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9 - continued

                     (i)     Significant increase in credit risk - continued

                             •        existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions
                                      that are expected to cause a significant decrease in the debtor's ability to meet its
                                      debt obligations;
                             •        an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor;
                             •        an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or
                                      technological environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the
                                      debtor's ability to meet its debt obligations.

                             Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit
                             risk has increased significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments are more
                             than 30 days past due, unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information that
                             demonstrates otherwise.

                             The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there
                             has been a significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that
                             the criteria are capable of identifying significant increase in credit risk before the amount
                             becomes past due.

                     (ii)    Definition of default

                             For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default occurs when
                             information developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor
                             is unlikely to pay its creditors, including the Group, in full (without taking into account any
                             collaterals held by the Group).

                             Irrespective of the above, the Group considers that default has occurred when a financial
                             asset is more than 90 days past due unless the Group has reasonable and supportable
                             information to demonstrate that a more lagging default criterion is more appropriate.

                     (iii)   Credit-impaired financial assets

                             A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact
                             on the estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a
                             financial asset is credit-impaired includes observable data about the following events:



99   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    (CONTINUED)
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION - continued
     3.2   Material accounting policy information - continued

           Financial instruments - continued

           Financial assets - continued

           Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9 - continued

           (iii)   Credit-impaired financial assets - continued

                   (a)    significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;
                   (b)    a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;
                   (c)    the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the
                          borrower's financial difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the
                          lender(s) would not otherwise consider; or
                   (d)    it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial
                          reorganisation.

           (iv)    Write-off policy

                   The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the
                   counterparty is in severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery,
                   for example, when the counterparty has been placed under liquidation or has entered into
                   bankruptcy proceedings, or in the case of trade receivables, when amounts are over three
                   years past due, whichever occurs sooner. Financial assets written off may still be subject
                   to enforcement activities under the Group's recovery procedures, taking into account legal
                   advice where appropriate. A write-off constitutes a derecognition event. Any subsequent
                   recoveries are recognised in profit or loss.

           (v)     Measurement and recognition of ECL

                   The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e.
                   the magnitude of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment
                   of the probability of default and loss given default is based on historical data adjusted by
                   forward-looking information. Estimation of ECL reflects an unbiased and probability-weighted
                   amount that is determined with the respective risks of default occurring as the weights. The
                   Group uses a practical expedient in estimating ECL on trade receivables using a provision
                   matrix taking into consideration historical credit loss experience, adjusted for forward looking
                   information that is available without undue cost or effort.

                   Generally, the ECL is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the
                   Group in accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive,
                   discounted at the effective interest rate determined at initial recognition.




                                                                       CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          100
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




      3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
            AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION - continued
            3.2      Material accounting policy information - continued

                      Financial instruments - continued

                      Financial assets - continued

                      Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9 - continued

                      (v)    Measurement and recognition of ECL - continued

                             Lifetime ECL for certain trade receivables are considered on a collective basis taking into
                             consideration past due information and relevant credit information such as forward looking
                             macroeconomic information.

                             For collective assessment, the Group takes into consideration the following characteristics
                             when formulating the grouping:

                             •       Past-due status; and
                             •       Nature, size and industry of debtors.

                             The grouping is regularly reviewed by management to ensure the constituents of each group
                             continue to share similar credit risk characteristics.

                             Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial asset unless
                             the financial asset is credit impaired, in which case interest income is calculated based on
                             amortised cost of the financial asset.

                             The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments
                             by adjusting their carrying amount, with the exception of trade receivables where the
                             corresponding adjustment is recognised through a loss allowance account.

                      Foreign exchange gains and losses

                      The carrying amount of financial assets that are denominated in a foreign currency is determined in
                      that foreign currency and translated at the spot rate at the end of each reporting period. Specifically:

                      •      For financial assets measured at amortised cost that are not part of a designated hedging
                             relationship, exchange differences are recognised in profit or loss in the "Other gains and
                             losses" line item (note 7) as part of the foreign exchange gains/(losses);




101   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     (CONTINUED)
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION - continued
     3.2   Material accounting policy information - continued

           Financial instruments - continued

           Financial assets - continued

           Foreign exchange gains and losses - continued

           •      For financial assets measured at FVTPL that are not part of a designated hedging relationship,
                  exchange differences are recognised in profit or loss in the "Other gains and losses" line item
                  as part of the gain/(loss) from changes in fair value of financial assets (note 7);

           •      For equity instruments measured at FVTOCI, exchange differences are recognised in other
                  comprehensive income in the fair value through other comprehensive income/revaluation
                  reserve.

           Derecognition of financial assets

           The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from
           the asset expire. If the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of
           ownership and continues to control the transferred asset, the Group recognises its retained interest in
           the asset and an associated liability for amounts it may have to pay. If the Group retains substantially
           all the risks and rewards of ownership of a transferred financial asset, the Group continues to
           recognise the financial asset and also recognises a collateralised borrowing for the proceeds received.

           On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the asset's
           carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised in profit or loss.

           On derecognition of an investment in equity instrument which the Group has elected on initial
           recognition to measure at FVTOCI, the cumulative gain or loss previously accumulated in the
           investments revaluation reserve is not reclassified to profit or loss, but is transferred to accumulated
           profits.

           Financial liabilities and equity instruments

           Classification as debts or equity

           Debt and equity instruments are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance with
           the substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity
           instrument.

           Equity instruments

           An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity
           after deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recognised at the
           proceeds received, net of direct issue costs.


                                                                        CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           102
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




      3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
            AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION - continued
            3.2      Material accounting policy information - continued

                      Financial instruments - continued

                      Financial liabilities and equity instruments - continued

                      Equity instruments - continued

                      Repurchase of the Company's own equity instruments is recognised and deducted directly in equity.
                      No gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the
                      Company's own equity instruments.

                      Financial liabilities

                      All financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest
                      method or at FVTPL.

                      Financial liabilities at FVTPL

                      Financial liabilities are classified as at FVTPL when the financial liability is (i) contingent consideration
                      of an acquirer in a business combination to which IFRS 3 applies, or (ii) it is designated as at FVTPL.

                      A financial liability is held for trading if:

                      •       it has been acquired principally for the purpose of repurchasing it in the near term; or

                      •       on initial recognition it is part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group
                              manages together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or

                      •       it is a derivative, except for a derivative that is a financial guarantee contract or a designated
                              and effective hedging instrument.

                      A financial liability other than a financial liability held for trading or contingent consideration of an
                      acquirer in a business combination may be designated as at FVTPL upon initial recognition if:

                      •       such designation eliminates or significantly reduces a measurement or recognition
                              inconsistency that would otherwise arise; or

                      •       the financial liability forms part of a group of financial assets or financial liabilities or both,
                              which is managed and its performance is evaluated on a fair value basis, in accordance with
                              the Group's documented risk management or investment strategy, and information about the
                              grouping is provided internally on that basis; or

                      •       it forms part of a contract containing one or more embedded derivatives, and IFRS 9 permits
                              the entire combined contract to be designated as at FVTPL.




103   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                        (CONTINUED)
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION - continued
     3.2   Material accounting policy information - continued

           Financial instruments - continued

           Financial liabilities and equity instruments - continued

           Financial liabilities at FVTPL - continued

           For financial liabilities that are designated as at FVTPL, the amount of change in the fair value of
           the financial liability that is attributable to changes in the credit risk of that liability is recognised in
           other comprehensive income, unless the recognition of the effects of changes in the liability's credit
           risk in other comprehensive income would create or enlarge an accounting mismatch in profit or
           loss. Changes in fair value attributable to a financial liability's credit risk that are recognised in
           other comprehensive income are not subsequently reclassified to profit or loss; instead, they are
           transferred to accumulated profits upon derecognition of the financial liability.

           Financial liabilities at amortised cost

           Financial liabilities, including trade and other payables and bank borrowings and deferred
           consideration payables, are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest
           method.

           Bank borrowings

           Bank borrowings are recognised initially at fair value of proceeds received, net of transaction costs
           incurred. Transaction costs are incremental costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition
           or issue of a financial liability. Bank borrowings are subsequently stated at amortised cost. Any
           difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the redemption value is amortised to
           profit or loss over the period of the bank borrowings using the effective interest method.

           Foreign exchange gains and losses

           For financial liabilities that are denominated in a foreign currency and are measured at amortised
           cost at the end of each reporting period, the foreign exchange gains and losses are determined
           based on the amortised cost of the instruments. These foreign exchange gains and losses are
           recognised in the "Other gains and losses" line item in profit or loss (note 7) as part of net foreign
           exchange gains/(losses) for financial liabilities that are not part of a designated hedging relationship.

           Derecognition of financial liabilities

           The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group's obligations are
           discharged, cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial
           liability derecognised and the consideration paid and payable is recognised in profit or loss.




                                                                          CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED            104
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




      3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
            AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION - continued
            3.2      Material accounting policy information - continued

                      Revenue from contracts with customers

                      Information about the Group’s accounting policies relating to contracts with customers is provided in
                      Note 5.

                      Taxation

                      Income tax expense represents the sum of the sum of current and deferred income tax expense.

                      The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from profit
                      before tax because of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and items
                      that are never taxable or deductible. The Group's liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates
                      that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

                      Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets
                      and liabilities in the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in
                      the computation of taxable profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable
                      temporary differences. Deferred tax assets are generally recognised for all deductible temporary
                      differences to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available against which
                      those deductible temporary differences can be utilised. Such deferred tax assets and liabilities
                      are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition (other than in a
                      business combination) of assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit
                      nor the accounting profit and at the time of the transaction does not give rise to equal taxable
                      and deductible temporary differences. In addition, deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if the
                      temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of goodwill.

                      Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences associated with investments
                      in subsidiaries and associates, except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the
                      temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the
                      foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences associated
                      with such investments and interests are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that there
                      will be sufficient taxable profits against which to utilise the benefits of the temporary differences and
                      they are expected to reverse in the foreseeable future.

                      The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of the reporting period and
                      reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to
                      allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.




105   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                      (CONTINUED)
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION - continued
     3.2   Material accounting policy information - continued

           Taxation - continued

           Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the
           period in which the liability is settled or the asset realised, based on tax rate (and tax laws) that have
           been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

           The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would
           follow from the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or
           settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.

           For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for leasing transactions in which the Group recognises
           the right-of-use assets and the related lease liabilities, the Group first determines whether the tax
           deductions are attributable to the right-of-use assets or the lease liabilities.

           For leasing transactions in which the tax deductions are attributable to the lease liabilities, the Group
           applies IAS 12 requirements to the lease liabilities, and the related assets separately. The Group
           recognises a deferred tax asset related to lease liabilities to the extent that it is probable that taxable
           profit will be available against which the deductible temporary difference can be utilised and a
           deferred tax liability for all taxable temporary differences.

           Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current
           tax assets against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied to the same
           taxable entity by the same taxation authority.

           Current and deferred tax are recognised in profit or loss, except when they relate to items that are
           recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case, the current and
           deferred tax are also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity respectively.
           Where current tax or deferred tax arises from the initial accounting for a business combination, the
           tax effect is included in the accounting for the business combination.

           In assessing any uncertainty over income tax treatments, the Group considers whether it is probable
           that the relevant tax authority will accept the uncertain tax treatment used, or proposed to be use
           by individual group entities in their income tax filings. If it is probable, the current and deferred taxes
           are determined consistently with the tax treatment in the income tax filings. If it is not probable that
           the relevant taxation authority will accept an uncertain tax treatment, the effect of each uncertainty is
           reflected by using either the most likely amount or the expected value.




                                                                         CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           106
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




      3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
            AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION - continued
            3.2      Material accounting policy information - continued

                      Foreign currencies

                      In preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in currencies
                      other than the functional currency of that entity (foreign currencies) are recognised at the rates of
                      exchange prevailing at the dates of the transactions. At the end of each reporting period, monetary
                      items denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing at that date. Non-
                      monetary items carried at fair value that are denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the
                      rates prevailing on the date when the fair value was determined. When a fair value gain or loss on
                      a non-monetary item is recognised in profit or loss, any exchange component of that gain or loss is
                      also recognised in profit or loss. When a fair value gain or loss on a non-monetary item is recognised
                      in other comprehensive income, any exchange component of that gain or loss is also recognised in
                      other comprehensive income. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a
                      foreign currency are not retranslated.

                      Exchange differences, arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the retranslation of
                      monetary items, are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.

                      For the purposes of presenting the consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities
                      of the Group's foreign operations are translated into the presentation currency of the Group (i.e.
                      RMB) using exchange rates prevailing at the end of each reporting period. Income and expense
                      items are translated at the average exchange rates for the period, unless exchange rates fluctuate
                      significantly during that period, in which case, the exchange rates at the dates of transactions are
                      used. Exchange differences arising, if any, are recognised in other comprehensive income and
                      accumulated in equity under the heading of translation reserve.

                      On the disposal of a foreign operation (that is, a disposal of the Group's entire interest in a foreign
                      operation, or a disposal involving loss of control over a subsidiary that includes a foreign operation,
                      or a partial disposal of an interest in an associate that includes a foreign operation of which the
                      retained interest becomes a financial asset), all of the exchange differences accumulated in equity in
                      respect of that operation attributable to the owners of the Company are reclassified to profit or loss.

                      Goodwill and fair value adjustments on identifiable assets acquired arising on an acquisition of a
                      foreign operation are treated as assets and liabilities of that foreign operation and translated at the
                      rate of exchange prevailing at the end of each reporting period. Exchange differences arising are
                      recognised in other comprehensive income.

                      Borrowing costs

                      Borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.




107   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                (CONTINUED)
                                                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION - continued
     3.2   Material accounting policy information - continued

           Government grants

           Government grants are not recognised until there is reasonable assurance that the Group will
           comply with the conditions attaching to them and that the grants will be received.

           Government grants are recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in
           which the Group recognises as expenses the related costs for which the grants are intended to
           compensate.

           Government grants related to income that are receivable as compensation for expenses or losses
           already incurred or for the purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no
           future related costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they become receivable.
           Government grants relating to compensation of expenses are deducted from the related expenses,
           other government grants are presented under "other income".

           Retirement benefit costs

           Payment to defined contribution retirement benefit plans including schemes registered under the
           Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance in Hong Kong, Social Security Fund Schemes in Macau
           and government retirement benefit scheme in the PRC and retirement benefit scheme in Dubai are
           recognised as an expense when employees have rendered service entitling them to the contributions.

           Payments to employee benefit schemes including Key Employee Benefit Scheme (the "2009
           Scheme"), CMS Key Employee Benefit Scheme (the "New KEB Scheme") and CMS Employee
           Incentive Scheme (the "Bonus Scheme"), which are classified as a defined contribution scheme,
           are recognised as an expense when employees have rendered service entitling them to the
           contributions.

           The Group operates defined contribution retirement schemes in Hong Kong, Macau, the PRC and
           Dubai.

           In respect of the non-mandatory provident fund schemes, contributions payable by the Group are
           reduced by the amount of contributions forfeited by those employees who leave the schemes prior
           to vesting fully in the Group's contributions.

           Short-term employee benefits

           Short-term employee benefits are recognised at the undiscounted amount of the benefits expected
           to be paid as and when employees rendered the services. All short-term employee benefits are
           recognised as an expense unless another IFRS requires or permits the inclusion of the benefit in the
           cost of an asset.

           A liability is recognised for benefits accruing to employees (such as wages and salaries and annual
           leave) after deducting any amount already paid.


                                                                    CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         108
                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




      4.    KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY
            In the application of the Group's accounting policies, which are described in note 3, the directors of the
            Company are required to make judgements, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets
            and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and associated assumptions are
            based on historical experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ
            from these estimates.

            The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an on-going basis. Revisions to accounting
            estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or
            in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.

            The following are the key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at
            the end of the reporting period, that may have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying
            amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year.

            Estimated impairment of goodwill

            For the purpose of impairment testing, the entire amount of goodwill has been allocated to eight (2022: nine) cash
            generating units ("CGU"s) (see note 19). The impairment assessment is based on the higher of fair value less costs
            of disposal and value in use of the CGUs. The value in use calculation requires the Group to estimate the future
            cash flows expected to arise from the CGUs and a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value.
            The value in use calculation is sensitive to changes in the key assumptions including growth rates, discount rate
            and the forecast performance based on management's view of future business prospects. Where the actual future
            cash flows are less than expected or change in facts and circumstances which results in downward revision of
            future cash flows or upward revision of discount rate, a material impairment loss/further impairment loss may arise.

            During the year ended 31 December 2023, no impairment on goodwill (2022: RMB60,000,000) was
            recognised in profit or loss. As at 31 December 2023, the carrying amount of goodwill is approximately
            RMB1,547,903,000 (2022: RMB1,665,993,000) (net of accumulated impairment loss of RMB170,000,000
            (2022: RMB250,000,000)).

            Estimated impairment of intangible assets

            At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its intangible assets to determine
            whether there is any indication that those assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication
            exists, the recoverable amount of the asset is determined as the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal
            and its value in use. The recoverable amount is estimated with reference to the value in use calculation in order
            to determine the extent of the impairment loss, if any. The value in use calculation is sensitive to changes in the
            key assumptions including growth rates, discount rate and the forecast performance based on management's
            view of future business prospects. If the recoverable amount of an intangible asset is estimated to be less than
            its carrying amount, the carrying amount of the asset is reduced to its recoverable amount. During the year
            ended 31 December 2023, an impairment loss of RMB8,025,000 (2022: nil) was recognised in profit or loss.
            As at 31 December 2023, the carrying amount of intangible assets is approximately RMB2,216,092,000 (2022:
            RMB2,066,423,000).


109   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                       (CONTINUED)
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




4. KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY - continued
   Provision of ECL for trade receivables

   Trade receivables with credit-impaired are assessed for ECL individually. In addition, the Group uses practical
   expedient in estimating ECL on trade receivables which are not assessed individually using a provision matrix.
   The provision rates are based on internal credit ratings as groupings of various debtors taking into consideration
   the Group's historical default rates and forward-looking information that is reasonable, supportable and
   available without undue costs or effort. At every reporting date, the historical observed default rates are
   reassessed and changes in the forward-looking information are considered.

   The provision of ECL is sensitive to changes in estimates. As at 31 December 2023, the carrying amount
   of trade receivables amounted to RMB1,146,738,000 (2022: RMB1,442,035,000) were net of impairment
   allowance under ECL model. The information about the ECL and the Group's trade receivables are disclosed in
   notes 36 and 22, respectively.

   Fair value measurement of financial instruments

   As at 31 December 2023, the Group's unquoted equity instruments at FVTOCI amounting to RMB125,344,000
   (2022: RMB233,047,000) and financial assets, being unlisted investments at FVTPL amounting to
   RMB1,829,656,000 (2022: RMB1,491,336,000), are measured at fair values with fair values being determined
   based on significant unobservable inputs using valuation techniques and the relevant inputs thereof.
   Judgement and estimation are required in establishing the relevant valuation techniques and the relevant
   inputs thereof. Changes in assumptions relating to these factors could affect the reported fair values of these
   instruments. See note 20 for further disclosures.

   Estimated impairment of deposits paid for acquisition of intangible assets

   At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its deposits paid for acquisition
   of intangible assets to determine whether there is any indication that those assets have suffered an impairment
   loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the asset is estimated with reference to the value
   in use calculation in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss, if any. The value in use calculation is
   sensitive to changes in the key assumptions including growth rates, discount rate and the forecast performance
   based on management's view of future business prospects. If the recoverable amount of the deposits paid
   for acquisition of intangible assets is estimated to be less than its carrying amount, the carrying amount of the
   asset is reduced to its recoverable amount. During the year ended 31 December 2023, an impairment loss
   of RMB163,462,000 (2022: RMB2,003,000) was recognised in profit or loss. As at 31 December 2023, the
   carrying amount of the deposits paid for acquisition of intangible assets is approximately RMB1,013,395,000
   (2022: RMB1,285,415,000).




                                                                          CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          110
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




      5.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
            (i)    Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers

                   The following is an analysis of the Group's revenue from its major products and services:

                    At a point in time                                                          2023                 2022
                                                                                            RMB'000              RMB'000


                    Sales of pharmaceutical products                                       5,936,515            7,055,729
                    Promotion income                                                       2,076,770            2,094,618

                    Total revenue                                                          8,013,285            9,150,347


            (ii)   Performance obligations for contracts with customers and revenue recognition policies

                   The Group mainly sells pharmaceutical products to distributors which would then further be sold
                   to hospital and medical institutions throughout the PRC and provides promotion services to certain
                   pharmaceutical manufacturers.

                   The Group recognises revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when "control" of
                   the goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to the customer.

                   A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is distinct
                   or a series of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same.

                   Control is transferred over time and revenue is recognised over time by reference to the progress
                   towards complete satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is
                   met:

                   •       the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group's
                           performance as the Group performs;

                   •       the Group's performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group
                           performs; or

                   •       the Group's performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the
                           Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

                   Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the distinct
                   good or service.

                   A contract asset represents the Group's right to consideration in exchange for goods or services that
                   the Group has transferred to a customer that is not yet unconditional. It is assessed for impairment
                   in accordance with IFRS 9. In contrast, a receivable represents the Group's unconditional right to
                   consideration, i.e. only the passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due.




111   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                           (CONTINUED)
                                                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




5. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION - continued
   (ii)   Performance obligations for contracts with customers and revenue recognition policies - continued

          A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for
          which the Group has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.
          All the revenue contracts are for periods of one year or less. As permitted under IFRS 15, the transaction
          price allocated to these unsatisfied contracts is not disclosed.

          A contract asset and a contract liability relating to the same contract are accounted for and presented
          on a net basis.

          Variable consideration

          For contracts that contain variable consideration (e.g. sales returns or volume rebates), the Group
          estimates the amount of consideration to which it will be entitled using the expected value method,
          which better predicts the amount of consideration to which the Group will be entitled.

          The estimated amount of variable consideration is included in the transaction price only to the extent
          that it is highly probable that such an inclusion will not result in a significant revenue reversal in the future
          when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved.

          At the end of each reporting period, the Group updates the estimated transaction price (including
          updating its assessment of whether an estimate of variable consideration is constrained) to represent
          faithfully the circumstances present at the end of the reporting period and the changes in circumstances
          during the reporting period.

          Principal versus agent

          When another party is involved in providing goods or services to a customer, the Group determines
          whether the nature of its promise is a performance obligation to provide the specified goods or services
          itself (i.e. the Group is a principal) or to arrange for those goods or services to be provided by the other
          party (i.e. the Group is an agent).

          The Group is a principal if it controls the specified good or service before that good or service is
          transferred to a customer.

          The Group is an agent if its performance obligation is to arrange for the provision of the specified good
          or service by another party. In this case, the Group does not control the specified good or service
          provided by another party before that good or service is transferred to the customer. When the Group
          acts as an agent, it recognises revenue in the amount of any fee or commission to which it expects to be
          entitled in exchange for arranging for the specified goods or services to be provided by the other party.




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED            112
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




      5.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION - continued
            (ii)    Performance obligations for contracts with customers and revenue recognition policies - continued

                    Principal versus agent - continued

                    The Group has acted as principal for transactions of pharmaceutical products and acted as agent
                    for the promotion services. In assessing whether the Group acted as principal or agent, the Group
                    has considered whether it controls the pharmaceutical products and promotion services before such
                    products and/or services are transferred to customers, indicators including but not limited to whether
                    the Group has primary responsibility in providing the goods and services to the customers, inventory risk
                    before the customers' order and whether it has discretion in establishing price.

                    For sales of pharmaceutical products to customers, revenue is recognised at a point in time when
                    control of the pharmaceutical products is passed to customers, i.e. when the products are delivered and
                    titles have passed to customers upon receipt by customers. Sales rebates will be granted to customers
                    by the Group for qualified purchases at a pre-determined amount per unit.

                    For promotion of pharmaceutical products, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the Group
                    satisfies its obligation to arrange for the pharmaceutical products to be provided by suppliers to
                    distributors.

            (iii)   Segment information

                    The Group determines its operating segments based on the internal reports reviewed by the Executive
                    Directors of the Company, being the chief operating decision maker that are used for resources
                    allocation and assessment of segment performance.

                    The Group only has one reportable operating segment that is research and development, promotion,
                    sales and manufacturing of pharmaceutical products. No operating results and discrete financial
                    information is available for the assessment of performance of the respective business divisions and
                    resources allocation purpose. Therefore, no analysis of the Group's revenue, results, assets and
                    liabilities by operating segments is presented.

                    The Group's research and development, production, promotion and sale of medicines are primarily in the
                    PRC. Almost all revenue from external customers is attributed to the PRC, 86% and 14% (2022: 79%
                    and 21%) of non-current assets excluding amounts due from associates, derivative financial instruments
                    and deferred tax assets of the Group are located in the PRC and Dubai, respectively.

                    Sales to the largest customer of the Group account for 20.2% (2022: 14.4%) of the Group's sales and
                    no other single customers contribute over 10% of the total revenue of the Group for the year ended 31
                    December 2023.




113   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                       (CONTINUED)
                                                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




6.   OTHER INCOME
                                                                                         2023                 2022
                                                                                      RMB'000              RMB'000

     Interest income                                                                   146,475              105,515
     Government subsidies (Note)                                                        85,616               93,063
                                                                                       232,091              198,578


     Note: The amounts for both years mainly represented the incentive subsidies provided by the PRC local authorities
           to the Group to encourage business operation in the PRC. Such government grants were pertinent to
           income and aim to give immediate financial support to the Group with no future related costs. There were no
           unfulfilled conditions attached to these grants and, the Group has recognised the grants upon receipts.


7.   OTHER GAINS AND LOSSES
                                                                                         2023                 2022
                                                                                      RMB'000              RMB'000

     Impairment loss on goodwill                                                               -             (60,000)
     Impairment loss on interest in a joint venture                                     (44,000)                    -
     Impairment loss on deposit paid for acquisition of intangible assets             (163,462)                (2,003)
     Impairment loss on intangible assets                                                 (8,025)                   -
     Impairment loss on prepayment                                                      (23,450)                    -
     Impairment loss on inventory                                                       (33,215)                    -
     Impairment losses under ECL model, net of reversal                                 (52,723)                 (110)
     Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                      (265)                (403)
     Net foreign exchange gain (loss)                                                    31,540            (126,214)
     Change in fair value of derivative financial instruments                           (49,785)              41,889
     Change in fair value of financial assets at FVTPL                                  (16,750)            150,009
     Dividends from financial assets at FVTPL                                            30,620                     -
     Others                                                                               (6,482)              (7,363)
                                                                                      (335,997)               (4,195)


8.   FINANCE COSTS
                                                                                         2023                 2022
                                                                                      RMB'000              RMB'000

     Interest on bank borrowings                                                        42,997               35,455
     Interest on lease liabilities                                                       2,216                2,098
     Interest on obligation arising from put options                                       947               11,360
     Imputed interest on deferred consideration payables                                    91                  173
                                                                                        46,251               49,086



                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        114
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




      9.    DIRECTORS' AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE'S EMOLUMENTS
            Directors' and chief executive's remunerations for the year, disclosed pursuant to the applicable Listing Rules
            and the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, are as follows:
                                                                             Year ended 31 December 2023
                                                                                                                   Executive
                                                                                    Independent                     Director
                                                     Executive                     Non-executive                   and chief
                                                      Directors                       Directors                    executive
                                                      (Note b)                        (Note c)                     (Note b)
                                                  Chen        Chen           Fung      Leung       Luo,
                                                  Hong         Yan          Ching,     Chong      Laura               Lam
                                                  Bing        Ling          Simon      Shun       Ying               Kong        Total
                                                 RMB'000    RMB'000        RMB'000    RMB'000    RMB'000           RMB'000      RMB'000
                                                                                                                    (Note a)

            Fees                                        323          323         323          323           323          323         1,938
            Other emoluments
             Salaries and other
              benefits                                4,610        4,072            -            -             -       5,088        13,770
             Contributions to
              retirement benefits
              schemes                                   106           33            -            -             -          32           171
            Total emoluments                          5,039        4,428         323          323           323        5,443        15,879

                                                                             Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                   Executive
                                                                                    Independent                     Director
                                                     Executive                     Non-executive                   and chief
                                                      Directors                       Directors                    executive
                                                      (Note b)                        (Note c)                     (Note b)
                                                  Chen        Chen           Fung      Leung       Luo,
                                                  Hong         Yan          Ching,     Chong      Laura               Lam
                                                  Bing        Ling          Simon      Shun       Ying               Kong        Total
                                                 RMB'000    RMB'000        RMB'000    RMB'000    RMB'000           RMB'000      RMB'000
                                                                                                                    (Note a)

            Fees                                        308          308         308          308           308          308         1,848
            Other emoluments
             Salaries and other
              benefits                                4,397        3,144            -            -             -       5,182        12,723
             Contributions to
              retirement benefits
              schemes                                   103           30            -            -             -          31           164

            Total emoluments                          4,808        3,482         308          308           308        5,521        14,735


            Notes:

            (a)      Mr. Lam Kong is also the chief executive of the Company and his emoluments disclosed above include those for services
                     rendered by him as the chief executive.

            (b)      The executive directors' emoluments shown above were mainly for their services in connection with the management of the
                     affairs of the Company and the Group.




115   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     (CONTINUED)
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




9.   DIRECTORS' AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE'S EMOLUMENTS - continued
     Notes:    - continued

     (c)   The independent non-executive director's emoluments shown above were mainly for their services as
           directors of the Company.

     There was no arrangement under which a director or the chief executive waived or agreed to waive any
     remuneration during both years.




10. EMPLOYEES' EMOLUMENTS
     The five highest paid individuals for the year ended 31 December 2023 included 3 directors (2022: 3 directors),
     details of whose emoluments are set out in note 9 above. The emoluments of the remaining two (2022: two)
     individuals for the year ended 31 December 2023 were as follows:
                                                                                       2023                 2022
                                                                                    RMB'000              RMB'000
     Employees
      - basic salaries and allowances                                                   4,979               5,689
      - equity-settled share-based expense                                                  -              18,716
      - retirement benefits scheme contributions                                          109                  97

                                                                                        5,088              24,502


     The number of the highest paid individuals who are not the directors of the Company whose remuneration fell
     within the following bands is as follows:
                                                                                           Number of employees
                                                                                        2023              2022

     HK$2,500,001 to HK$3,000,000                                                           2                    -
     HK$3,500,001 to HK$4,000,000                                                           -                    1
     HK$25,000,001 to HK$26,000,000                                                         -                    1

     During both years, no emoluments were paid by the Group to the directors or the highest paid individuals
     (including directors and employees) as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for
     loss of office.




                                                                          CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        116
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




      11. INCOME TAX EXPENSE
                                                                                              2023                2022
                                                                                           RMB'000             RMB'000
            Current tax:
             The PRC Enterprise Income Tax ("EIT")                                          265,088             330,406
             Hong Kong Profits Tax                                                           63,744               2,317
             Macau Complementary Income Tax                                                  69,287             143,409
            Withholding tax                                                                  83,198                   -

                                                                                            481,317             476,132

            Under provision in prior years:
             The PRC EIT                                                                       8,590              14,450
             Hong Kong Profits Tax                                                               579                   -

                                                                                               9,169              14,450

            Deferred taxation (note 31):
             - Current year                                                                   (1,145)             (3,927)

                                                                                            489,341             486,655


            Notes:

            (a)      The PRC Enterprise Income Tax

                     The provision for PRC Enterprise Income Tax is based on the estimated taxable income for the PRC
                     taxation purposes at the applicable rates for both years.

                     Under the Law of the PRC on Enterprise Income Tax (the "EIT Law") and Implementation Regulation of
                     the EIT Law, the tax rate of the PRC subsidiaries is 25% except for those described below.

                     天津康哲維盛醫藥科技發展有限公司 (Formerly known as 天津康哲醫藥科技發展有限公司 ) (Tianjin
                     Kangzhe Vision Pharmaceutical Technology Development Co., Ltd.) ("Tianjin Kangzhe") is entitled to a
                     reduced tax rate of 15% (2022: 15%) granted by the local tax authority until 2023. 康哲 ( 湖南 ) 制藥
                     有 限 公 司 (Kangzhe (Hunan) Medical Co., Ltd.) ("Kangzhe Hunan") is entitled to a reduced tax rate of
                     15% (2022: 15%) granted by local tax authority until 2025. 西藏康哲藥業發展有限公司 (Tibet Kangzhe
                     Pharmaceutical Development Co., Ltd ) ("Tibet Kangzhe Development") is entitled to a reduced tax rate
                     of 9% (2022: 9%) granted by local tax authority until 2025. 海南康哲美麗科技有限公司 (Hainan Kangzhe
                     Aesthetics Technology Co., Ltd) is entitled to a reduced tax rate of 15% (2022: 15%) granted by local
                     tax authority until 2024.




117   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                        (CONTINUED)
                                                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




11. INCOME TAX EXPENSE - continued
   Notes:- continued

   (b)   Hong Kong Profits Tax

         On 21 March 2018, the Hong Kong Legislative Council passed The Inland Revenue (Amendment) (No.
         7) Bill 2017 (the "Bill") which introduces the two-tiered profits tax rates regime. The Bill was signed into
         law on 28 March 2018 and was gazetted on the following day. Under the two-tiered profits tax rates
         regime, the first HK$2 million of profits of the qualifying group entity will be taxed at 8.25%, and profits
         above HK$2 million will be taxed at 16.5%, while only one entity nominated by a group of "connected"
         entities will be entitled to select the lower tax rate. The profits of group entities not elected/qualified for
         the two-tiered profits tax rates regime will continue to be taxed at a flat rate of 16.5%.

         The directors of the Company considered the amount involved upon implementation of the two-tiered
         profits tax rates regime as insignificant to the consolidated financial statements. Hong Kong Profits Tax
         is calculated at 16.5% of the estimated assessable profit for both years.

   (c)   PRC Withholding Income Tax

         PRC withholding income tax of 10% shall be levied on the dividend declared by the companies
         established in the PRC to their foreign investors out of their profits earned after 1 January 2008. A lower
         5% withholding rate may be applied when the immediate holding company of the PRC subsidiaries
         are incorporated or operated in Hong Kong and fulfil the requirements to the tax treaty arrangements
         between the PRC and Hong Kong.

   (d)   Overseas Income tax

         The company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited liability
         under the Companies Law, Cap.22 of Cayman Islands and accordingly, is exempted from the Cayman
         Islands Income Tax.

   (e)   Macau Complementary Income Tax

         Macau Complementary Income Tax is calculated at the progressive rate on the estimated assessable
         profits. The maximum tax rate is 12% for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022.

   (f)   Dubai Tax

         The United Arab Emirates does not have a federal corporate income tax regime. Instead, corporate
         income tax is determined on a territorial basis under the respective Tax Decrees issued by the
         government of each individual Emirate (of which there are seven that make up the United Arab
         Emirates), among which Dubai has no legislation imposing corporate income taxes. On the basis of the
         above, most entities registered in Dubai are currently not required to file corporate tax returns in Dubai,
         regardless of where the business is registered. According to prevailing regulations in Dubai, no income
         tax is imposed on the Company's subsidiaries in Dubai.




                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           118
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




      11. INCOME TAX EXPENSE - continued
            The tax charge for the year can be reconciled to the 'profit before tax' per the consolidated statement of profit
            or loss and other comprehensive income as follows:
                                                                                                 2023                 2022
                                                                                              RMB'000              RMB'000

            Profit before tax                                                                2,873,771            3,762,850

            Tax at PRC EIT rate of 25%                                                         718,443              940,713
            Tax effect of share of results of associates                                        (68,744)             (16,265)
            Tax effect of share of result of a joint venture                                       (722)                   -
            Tax effect of expenses that are not deductible in
             determining taxable profit                                                        138,053              100,862
            Tax effect of income that is not taxable in
             determining taxable profit                                                        (14,783)                 (870)
            Tax effect of offshore income that is not taxable in
             determining taxable profit                                                              -               (94,400)
            Tax effect of tax losses not recognised                                             22,251                23,247
            Tax effect of deductible temporary differences
             not recognised                                                                       (2,717)              6,838
            Tax effect of tax concession                                                      (231,162)            (203,779)
            Effect on different applicable tax rates of subsidiaries                            (90,031)           (135,332)
            Effect of taxable profit that is not taxable in Dubai                               (75,770)           (143,256)
            Under provision in prior years                                                         9,169             14,450
            Withholding tax                                                                      83,198                    -
            Others                                                                                 2,156              (5,553)

            Income tax expense for the year                                                    489,341              486,655



      12. PROFIT FOR THE YEAR
                                                                                                 2023                 2022
                                                                                              RMB'000              RMB'000
            Profit for the year has been arrived at after charging:

            Directors' remuneration (note 9)
             Fees                                                                                1,938                1,848
             Salaries and other benefits                                                        13,770               12,723
             Contribution to retirement benefits schemes                                           171                  164

                                                                                                15,879               14,735
            Other staff costs                                                                1,252,100            1,189,251
            Equity-settled share-based expense, net of reversal
            upon cancellation                                                                   (35,872)             18,716
            Contribution to retirement benefits schemes                                        279,850              217,691
            Employee benefits expense (note 41)                                                   5,160               5,760

            Total staff costs                                                                1,517,117            1,446,153

            Auditor's remuneration                                                               4,211                4,246
            Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                       45,797               43,310
            Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                 20,264               18,147
            Amortisation of intangible assets (included in
             cost of goods sold)                                                               163,504              165,769
            Cost of inventories recognised as an expense                                     1,732,806            1,941,753


119   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                           (CONTINUED)
                                                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




13. DIVIDENDS
                                                                                           2023                   2022
                                                                                        RMB'000                RMB'000
   Dividends paid
   Dividends recognised as distributions during the year:
    2023 Interim - RMB0.3134 (2022: 2022 Interim dividend
      RMB0.2930) per share                                                               768,453                718,645
    2022 Final - RMB0.2414 (2022: 2021 final dividend
      RMB0.2269) per share                                                               591,910                557,594
                                                                                       1,360,363              1,276,239
   Dividends proposed

   Dividends proposed during the year:
    2023 final - RMB0.0783 (2022: 2022 final
      - RMB0.2414) per share                                                             191,991                591,910

   Subsequent to the end of the reporting period, the Board of Directors have declared a final dividend of
   RMB0.0783 per ordinary share for the year ended 31 December 2023 (2022: RMB0.2414 per ordinary share).




14. EARNINGS PER SHARE
   The calculation of the basic earnings per share attributable to owners of the Company is based on the following data:

                                                                                           2023                   2022
                                                                                        RMB'000                RMB'000
   Earnings for the purposes of basic earnings
    per share (profit for the year attributable to
    owners of the Company)                                                             2,400,940              3,258,992

                                                                                     Number of ordinary shares
                                                                                       as at 31 December
                                                                                           2023                2022
   Number of shares
   Weighted average number of ordinary shares
    for the purpose of basic earnings per share                                   2,451,988,512          2,453,940,224

   The computation of diluted earnings per share did not assume the exercise of put options by the non-
   controlling shareholder of a subsidiary as the exercise of the put option would result in an increase of earnings
   per share for the year ended 31 December 2022.




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         120
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




      15. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                                                                                       Furniture,
                                                          Leasehold     Plant and       Motor        fixtures and Construction
                                        Buildings       improvement     machinery      vehicles      equipment    in progress      Total
                                        RMB'000            RMB'000       RMB'000       RMB'000         RMB'000      RMB'000       RMB'000
            COST
            At 1 January 2022              329,981           60,948        182,393        36,907         37,097        13,125      660,451
            Additions                            9            5,072          5,537            73          7,118           527       18,336
            Acquired on acquisition
             of a subsidiary                        -             -               -             -             26             -           26
            Disposals                               -             -          (2,235)       (3,134)        (2,500)            -       (7,869)
            Transfer                                -            73               -             -            831         (904)            -

            At 31 December 2022            329,990           66,093        185,695        33,846         42,572        12,748      670,944
            Additions                          255           11,548          3,051             68        12,157           411       27,490
            Disposals                            -              (117)          (255)         (393)        (1,864)           -        (2,629)
            Deemed disposal of
             a subsidiary (Note 43)         (19,484)              -         (15,117)        (201)         (2,738)         (434)     (37,974)
            Transfer                            103           3,989           5,633            -          3,000        (12,725)           -

            At 31 December 2023            310,864           81,513        179,007        33,320         53,127              -     657,831

            ACCUMULATED
             DEPRECIATION
            At 1 January 2022               74,226           19,986         71,451        29,037         12,597              -     207,297
            Provided for the year           13,162            7,174         13,643         3,559          5,772              -      43,310
            Eliminated on disposals              -                -          (1,440)       (2,821)          (882)            -       (5,143)

            At 31 December 2022             87,388           27,160         83,654        29,775         17,487              -     245,464
            Provided for the year           14,697           10,744         11,875         2,187          6,294              -      45,797
            Eliminated on disposals              -                -            (227)         (185)        (1,634)            -       (2,046)
            Eliminated on deemed
            disposal of a subsidiary
             (Note 43)                      (13,199)               -        (13,057)         (185)        (2,559)            -      (29,000)
            At 31 December 2023             88,886           37,904         82,245        31,592         19,588              -     260,215
            CARRYING VALUES
            At 31 December 2023            221,978           43,609         96,762         1,728         33,539              -     397,616

            At 31 December 2022            242,602           38,933        102,041         4,071         25,085        12,748      425,480

            The above items of property, plant and equipment are depreciated over their estimated useful lives as follows:


            Buildings                                                      Over the shorter of the lease terms, or 20/40 years
            Leasehold improvement                                          Over the shorter of the lease terms, or 10 years
            Plant and machinery                                            5 to 10 years
            Motor vehicles                                                 5 years
            Furniture, fixtures and equipment                              5 years


            As at 31 December 2023 and 2022, the Group had no pledged property, plant and equipment to source bank
            borrowing and banking facilities granted to the Group.




121   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    (CONTINUED)
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




16. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

                                                         Leasehold
                                                           land                 Building            Total
                                                         RMB'000                RMB'000            RMB'000
   As at 31 December 2023
   Carrying amount                                              45,890                30,234              76,124

   As at 31 December 2022
   Carrying amount                                              42,091                27,888              69,979

   For the year ended 31 December 2023
   Depreciation charge                                               996              19,268              20,264

   For the year ended 31 December 2022
   Depreciation charge                                            1,218               16,929              18,147

                                                                                  Year ended          Year ended
                                                                                  31/12/2023          31/12/2022
                                                                                    RMB'000             RMB'000

   Expense relating to short-term leases                                              26,780              12,340

   Total cash outflow for leases                                                      (47,065)            (31,288)

   Additions to right-of-use assets                                                   35,562              11,413


   For both years, the Group leases offices premises and warehouses for its operations. For the year ended 31
   December 2023, lease contracts are entered into for fixed term of 1 year to 20 years (2022: 1 year to 5 years)
   with fixed payment. The Group does not have the option to purchase the leased properties for a nominal
   amount at the end of the relevant lease terms or any extension/termination options which are solely at the
   Group's discretion. The Group's obligations are secured by the rental deposits for such leases. Lease terms
   are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. The Group
   determines the lease period to be the non-cancellable period based on the contractual terms of the contract.

   In addition, the Group owns several industrial buildings and office buildings. The Group is the registered owner
   of these property interests, including the underlying leasehold lands. Lump sum payments were made upfront
   to acquire these property interests. The leasehold land components of these owned properties are presented
   separately only if the payments made can be allocated reliably.

   As at 31 December 2023 and 2022, the Group had no pledged right-of-use assets to source ure general
   banking facilities granted to the Group.

   The Group regularly entered into short-term leases for offices premises and warehouses. As at 31 December
   2023 and 2022, the portfolio of short-term leases is similar to the portfolio of short-term leases to which the
   short-term lease expense disclosed above.




                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED      122
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




      16. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS - continued
            During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group had made payments of RMB14,701,000 (2022: nil)
            for leasehold land which were recognised as additions to right-of-use assets. All the Group's leasehold lands
            represented prepaid land use right, are located in the PRC.


      17. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES/A JOINT VENTURE
            (a)     Interests in associates
                                                                                                  2023                 2022
                                                                                               RMB'000              RMB'000
                    Cost of investments in associates
                     Listed outside Hong Kong                                                 2,304,356             2,304,356
                     Unlisted                                                                   412,294               299,830

                    Share of post-acquisition profits and other comprehensive
                     income, net of dividends received                                          522,380               422,317
                    Exchange adjustments                                                         32,904                18,315
                                                                                              3,271,934             3,044,818
                    Fair value of listed investment (Note)                                    4,519,786             3,326,859

                    Note: As at 31 December 2023, the fair value of the Group's interest in its listed associate, Tibet Rhodiola
                          Pharmaceutical Holding Company ("Tibet Pharmaceutical"), of which its shares are listed on the
                          Shanghai Stock Exchange (the "SSE"), was approximately RMB4,520 million (2022: approximately
                          RMB3,327 million) based on the quoted market price available on the SSE, which is a level 1 input in
                          terms of IFRS 13 Fair Value Measurement.

                    As at 31 December 2023 and 2022, details of the associates are as follows:

                                                                                   Proportion of
                                                          Place of    Principal ownership interest
                                                       establishment/ place of     /voting rights
                         Names of associates           incorporation business held by the Group Principal activities
                                                                                  2023       2022
                    Tibet Pharmaceutical (Note i)            Tibet       Tibet   37.36% 37.36% Production of
                                                                                                    medicines and sale
                                                                                                    of drugs
                    Shenzhen Kangmai                         PRC         PRC     50.00% 50.00% Research and
                     Biotechnology Co., Ltd. (Note ii)                                              development of
                                                                                                    antibodies medicines
                    Eye Tech Care (Note iii)               France      France    36.17% 36.17% Research and
                                                                                                    development of
                                                                                                    therapeutic ultrasound
                                                                                                    device
                    PharmaGend Global Medical             Singapore   Singapore 45.00%        N/A  Production of
                     Services Pte. Ltd (formerly                                                    medicines and sale
                      known as Rxilient Biohub                                                      of drugs
                      Pte. Ltd (Note iv)

123   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    (CONTINUED)
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




17. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES/A JOINT VENTURE - continued
   (a)   Interests in associates - continued

         Notes:

         (i)      As the Group is able to exercise significant influence over Tibet Pharmaceutical in both
                  years, it is accounted for as an associate of the Group. Included in the cost of investment
                  in Tibet Pharmaceutical as at 31 December 2023, there is a goodwill of approximately
                  RMB1,654,481,000 (2022: RMB1,654,481,000).

                  As at 31 December 2023 and 2022, no impairment indicator on interest in Tibet Pharmaceutical
                  and no impairment assessment was carried out.

         (ii)     The Group owns 50.00% of equity interest in Shenzhen Kangmai Biotechnology Co., Ltd
                  ("Shenzhen Kangmai"), however, the Group appointed one director out of three directors and is
                  able to exercise significant influence over Shenzhen Kangmai.

         (iii)    In August 2022, the Group entered into an investment agreement in which the Group acquired
                  36.17% equity interest of Eye Tech Care ("ETC") for a consideration of EUR34,000,000
                  (approximately equivalent to RMB233,713,000) and the investment was accounted for as
                  an investment in an associate using the equity method. Included in the cost of investment in
                  ETC as at 31 December 2023, there is a goodwill of approximately RMB192,693,000 (2022:
                  RMB180,346,000).

         (vi)     On 20 October 2023, Rxilient Biohub Pte. Ltd ("Rxilient Biohub"), originally a wholly-owned
                  subsidiary of the Group, entered into a share subscription agreement with its shareholders,
                  pursuant to which the registered capital of Rxilient Biohub was increased from US$200,000 to
                  US$30,000,000, and upon the completion of the subscription, the Group owns 45.00% of the
                  enlarged registered capital of Rxilient Biohub, and therefore, the investment in Rxilient Biohub
                  was accounted for as an investment in an associate using the equity method. On 20 December
                  2023, Rxilient Biohub was renamed as PharmaGend Global Medical Services Pte. Ltd.

         Summarised financial information of associates

         Summarised financial information in respect of each of the Group's associates is set out below.
         The summarised financial information below represents amounts shown in the associate's financial
         statements prepared in accordance with IFRSs. All of these associates are accounted for using the
         equity method in these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                        CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        124
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




      17. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES/A JOINT VENTURE - continued
            (a)   Interests in associates - continued

                  Summarised financial information of associates - continued

                  Tibet Pharmaceutical


                                                                                         31.12.2023            31.12.2022
                                                                                           RMB'000               RMB'000

                    Current assets                                                         3,402,862            2,712,114
                    Non-current assets                                                     1,184,495            1,387,298
                    Current liabilities                                                   (1,184,470)          (1,026,205)
                    Non-current liabilities                                                   (29,266)             (42,436)


                                                                                               2023                 2022
                                                                                            RMB'000              RMB'000

                    Revenue                                                                3,134,328            2,554,609
                    Profit for the year                                                      800,914              375,277
                    Other comprehensive income for the year                                   18,236               94,398
                    Total comprehensive income for the year                                  819,150              469,675
                    Dividends received from the associate during the year                    180,421               31,305


                  Reconciliation of the above summarised financial information to the carrying amount of the interest in the
                  associate recognised in the consolidated financial statements.

                                                                                         31.12.2023            31.12.2022
                                                                                           RMB'000               RMB'000
                    Net assets of Tibet Pharmaceutical                                    3,373,621             3,030,771
                    Non-controlling interests                                                (29,032)              (19,031)
                                                                                           3,344,589            3,011,740
                    Proportion of the Group's ownership interest in
                     Tibet Pharmaceutical                                                    37.36%               37.36%
                                                                                           1,249,538            1,125,186
                    Goodwill                                                               1,654,481            1,654,481
                    Effect of fair value adjustment at acquisition                            32,861               32,861
                    Effect of deferred tax relating to fair value adjustment
                     at acquisition                                                            (8,215)              (8,215)
                    Other adjustments                                                          (8,989)              (6,610)
                    Carrying amount of the Group's interest in Tibet Pharmaceutical        2,919,676            2,797,703



125   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                          (CONTINUED)
                                                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




17.         INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES/A JOINT VENTURE - continued
      (a)    Interests in associates - continued

             Summarised financial information of associates - continued


             ETC
                                                                                    31.12.2023              31.12.2022
                                                                                      RMB'000                 RMB'000
             Current assets                                                            128,844                 156,237
             Non-current assets                                                           7,718                   9,494
             Current liabilities                                                         (28,835)               (30,857)
             Non-current liabilities                                                     (19,302)               (24,792)

                                                                                                    For the period from
                                                                                                       12 August 2022
                                                                                                    (date of acquisition)
                                                                                                       to 31 December
                                                                                          2023                   2022
                                                                                       RMB'000                RMB'000

             Revenue                                                                      1,604                     907
             Loss for the year/period                                                    (39,351)                 (9,943)
             Other comprehensive expense for the year/period                                (153)                   (761)
             Total comprehensive loss for the year/period                                (39,504)               (10,704)


             Reconciliation of the above summarised financial information to the carrying amount of the interest in the
             associate recognised in the consolidated financial statements.

                                                                                    31.12.2023              31.12.2022
                                                                                      RMB'000                 RMB'000

             Net assets of ETC                                                           88,425                110,082
             Proportion of the Group's ownership interest in ETC                        36.17%                 36.17%
                                                                                         31,983                 39,817
             Goodwill                                                                   168,075                168,075
             Exchange adjustment of Goodwill                                             24,618                 12,271
             Effect of fair value adjustment at acquisition                              24,841                 24,841
             Other adjustments                                                            (2,284)                2,111
             Carrying amount of the Group's interest in ETC                             247,233                247,115




                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           126
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




      17. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES/A JOINT VENTURE - continued
            (a)   Interests in associates - continued

                  Summarised financial information of associates – continued
                  Aggregate information of associates that are nor individually material

                                                                                           31.12.2023              31.12.2022
                                                                                             RMB'000                 RMB'000
                    The Group's share of losses and total comprehensive
                     Expense for the year                                                        (7,622)                (65,798)
                    Unrecognised shares of losses of associates for the year                          -                 (11,397)
                    Cumulative unrecognised share of losses of associates                             -                 (11,397)
            (b)     Interest in a joint venture
                                                                                                                           2023
                                                                                                                       RMB'000
                    Cost of investment in a joint venture (note 43)                                                     220,161
                    Share of post-acquisition profits and other comprehension                                             2,888
                     income
                    Impairment loss on interest in a joint venture                                                      (44,000)
                                                                                                                       179,049


                  Details of the Group's joint venture at the end of the reporting period are as follows:


                                             Place of                Principal   ownership interest
                                          establishment/              place of      /voting rights
                    Name of joint venture incorporation              business     held by the Group Principal activities
                                                                                   2023        2022

                    Hebei Xinglong Xili             Hebei              Hebei     52.01%      52.01% Production of
                     Pharmaceutical
                     Co., Ltd. ("Xili                                                                       medicines and sale
                     Pharmaceutical")
                     (Note)                                                                                 of drugs


                  Note: In February 2023, the Group entered into a shareholder agreement with the other shareholders
                         of Xili Pharmaceutical, which was a subsidiary of the Group at the time, pursuant to which the
                         Articles of Association of Xili Pharmaceutical was amended in which unanimous consent from
                         the board of directors of Xili Pharmaceutical is required for all operating decisions. Accordingly,
                         the directors of the Company concluded that the control over Xili Pharmaceutical was given up
                         on that date. The investment on Xili Pharmaceutical was considered deemed disposed and was
                         accounted for as an investment in a joint venture using the equity method afterward. Further
                         details of the deemed disposal of Xili Pharmaceutical are set out in note 43.




127   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     (CONTINUED)
                                                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




17. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES/A JOINT VENTURE - continued
   (b)   Interest in a joint venture - continued

         Summarised financial information of a joint venture



         Summarised financial information in respect of the Group's material joint venture is set out below.
         The summarised financial information below represents amounts shown in the joint venture's financial
         statements prepared in accordance with IFRSs.

         The joint venture is accounted for using the equity method in these consolidated financial statements.


         Xili Pharmaceutical
                                                                                                      31.12.2023
                                                                                                        RMB'000

         Current assets                                                                                  109,874
         Non-current assets                                                                               76,422
         Current liabilities                                                                              (40,165)
         Non-current liabilities                                                                          (15,343)


         The above amounts of assets and liabilities include the following:
                                                                                                      31.12.2023
                                                                                                        RMB'000
         Cash and cash equivalents                                                                         9,442
         Current financial liabilities (excluding trade and other payables
          and provisions)                                                                                         -
         Non-current financial liabilities (excluding trade and other
          payables and provisions)                                                                        (15,343)




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED    128
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




      17. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES/A JOINT VENTURE - continued
            (b)   Interest in a joint venture - continued

                  Summarised financial information of a joint venture - continued


                    Xili Pharmaceutical - continued

                                                                                                      For the period from
                                                                                                         February 2023
                                                                                                      (date of disposal) to
                                                                                                      31 December 2023
                                                                                                           RMB'000

                    Revenue                                                                                      111,972
                    Profit for the period                                                                           5,552
                    Total comprehensive income for the period                                                       5,552
                    Dividends received from the joint venture during the period                                          -
                    The above profit for the period includes the following:
                    Depreciation and amortisation                                                                   5,852
                    Interest income                                                                                    94
                    Interest expense                                                                                     -
                    Income tax expense                                                                             (1,850)

                    Reconciliation of the above summarised financial information to the carrying amount of the interest in
                    the joint venture recognised in the consolidated financial statements:

                                                                                                              31.12.2023
                                                                                                                RMB'000

                    Net assets of Xili Pharmaceutical                                                            130,788
                    Proportion of the Group's ownership interest in Xili Pharmaceutical                          52.01%
                                                                                                                  68,023
                    Goodwill                                                                                     111,026
                    Carrying amount of the Group's interest in Xili Pharmaceutical                               179,049




129   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    (CONTINUED)
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




18. INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                          Exclusive
                                         distribution    Patent        Product
                                            rights       rights         rights         Others        Total
                                          RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000
                                           (Note a      (Note b)       (Note c)
                                         & Note b(i))
   COST
   At 1 January 2022                       2,213,429      359,137        872,656            90        3,445,312
   Transfer from deposits
    paid for acquisition of
    intangible assets                           9,650              -              -             -        9,650
   Acquired on acquisition
    of subsidiaries (note 42)                   5,248              -              -       1,597          6,845
   At 31 December 2022                     2,228,327      359,137        872,656          1,687       3,461,807
   Transfer from deposits
    paid for acquisition of
    intangible assets                        358,936               -      18,787                -      377,723
   Additions                                   2,830               -       3,774                -        6,604
   Deemed disposal of
    a subsidiary (note 43)                          -     (114,489)               -             -      (114,489)
   At 31 December 2023                     2,590,093      244,648        895,217          1,687       3,731,645
   AMORTISATION
   At 1 January 2022                         658,706      170,790        317,738            53        1,147,287
   Charge for the year                       113,905       10,534         41,228           102          165,769
   At 31 December 2022                       772,611      181,324        358,966           155        1,313,056
   Charge for the year                       116,562        5,184         41,582           176          163,504
   Eliminated on deemed
    disposal of a subsidiary (note 43)              -      (51,360)               -             -       (51,360)
   At 31 December 2023                       889,173      135,148        400,548           331        1,425,200
   IMPAIRMENT LOSS
   At 1 January 2022
    and 31 December 2022                      24,730       57,598                 -             -       82,328
   Recognised in the year                      8,025            -                 -             -        8,025
   At 31 December 2023                        32,755       57,598                 -             -       90,353
   CARRYING VALUES
   At 31 December 2023                     1,668,165       51,902        494,669          1,356       2,216,092
   At 31 December 2022                     1,430,986      120,215        513,690          1,532       2,066,423




                                                                         CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED     130
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




      18. INTANGIBLE ASSETS - continued
            Notes:

            (a)      Exclusive distribution rights

                     (i)    On 9 March 2008, the Group entered into an exclusive distribution agreement and a
                            supplementary agreement (the "XinHuoSu Agreements") with Tibet Pharmaceutical in connection
                            to a finished drug product (Lyophilized Recombinant Human Brain Natriuretic Peptide) which was
                            distributed in the PRC market under the trade name of XinHuoSu for a term of three years with
                            effect from 1 July 2008 to 30 June 2011.



                            Pursuant to the XinHuoSu Agreements, the Group obtained the exclusive distribution right of
                            XinHuoSu for nil consideration and committed to handle the Phase IV clinical trials of XinHuoSu
                            for 2,000 cases in the PRC to meet the drug safety standards set by the China Food and Drug
                            Administration. The drug, XinHuoSu, to be used in the 2,000 case clinical trials would be
                            provided by Tibet Pharmaceutical free of charge. All other costs of the 2,000 case clinical trials
                            should be borne by the Group.

                            In the opinion of the directors of the Company, the Group obtained the exclusive distribution
                            right of XinHuoSu on the basis that the Group should complete the clinical trials of XinHuoSu
                            and would bear all the costs of the clinical trials. Therefore, the costs incurred in clinical trials of
                            approximately RMB4,745,000 were capitalised as an intangible asset.

                            As at 31 December 2011, the exclusive distribution right was fully amortised.

                     (ii)   On 23 August 2012, the Group entered into a product rights transfer agreement with 北 京
                            亞 東 生 物 製 藥 有 限 公 司 (Beijing Yadong Biopharmaceutical Co., Ltd.) ("Beijing Yadong"), an
                            independent third party. According to the Agreement, Tianjin Kangzhe purchased from Beijing
                            Yadong the exclusive distribution rights of three Traditional Chinese Medicinal Products - Yin Lian
                            Qing Gan Ke Li, Xiang Fu Yi Xue Kou Fu Ye, Ma Jiang Jiao Nang (collectively referred to as the
                            "Three Products") for a term of 20 years with effect from 23 August 2012 at a consideration of
                            RMB33,000,000. Tianjin Kangzhe exclusively promotes and sells the Three Products in the PRC
                            and Beijing Yadong is responsible for the production of the Three Products as required by Tianjin
                            Kangzhe and sells the Three Products exclusively to Tianjin Kangzhe.

                            During the year ended 31 December 2016, as the market base of the Three Products was relatively
                            weak and the actual sales of the Three Products was lower than previously expected, there was
                            an impairment indicator. Management performed an impairment assessment by estimating the
                            recoverable amount of the Three Products. The recoverable amount of the Three Products had
                            been determined from a value in use, based on the expected free cash flow up to the end of the
                            exclusive distribution right at a discount rate of 11%. The recoverable amount of approximately
                            RMB5,850,000 was lower than the carrying amount of approximately RMB25,850,000, an
                            impairment loss of RMB20,000,000 was recognised for the year ended 31 December 2016.


131   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                               (CONTINUED)
                                                                                    FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




18. INTANGIBLE ASSETS - continued
   Notes:           - continued

   (a)      Exclusive distribution rights - continued

            (ii)       - continued

                       During the year ended 31 December 2019, the management considered that there is an
                       impairment indicator on the carrying amount of the Three Products as the actual sales of the
                       Three Products was lower than previously expected. Management performed an impairment
                       assessment by estimating the recoverable amount of Three Products. The recoverable amount
                       of the Three products has been determined from a value in use, based on the expected free
                       cash flow up to the end of the exclusive distribution right as at a discount rate of 11% and an
                       impairment loss of RMB4,730,000 was recognised for the year ended 31 December 2019.

                       During the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022, management reviews the performance
                       of the Three Products and concludes that there is no indication that the impairment losses
                       previously recognised no longer exist or have decreased.

                       As at 31 December 2023 and 2022, the exclusive distribution rights are fully impaired.

            (iii)      On 26 February 2016, the Group entered into an exclusive license agreement with AstraZeneca
                       AB, an independent third party, pursuant to which AstraZeneca AB granted an exclusive license
                       to the Group for the commercialisation of Plendil (Felodipine Sustained Release Tablet) in the
                       PRC, at a consideration of US$310,000,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB2,029,012,000).
                       US$155,000,000 had been paid in 2016 and the remaining balance of US$155,000,000 had
                       been paid in 2017. As at 31 December 2023, the carrying amount of the exclusive distribution
                       right was approximately RMB1,234,316,000 (2022: RMB1,335,766,000).

                       Under the exclusive license agreement, the Group has agreed to meet certain pre-agreed annual
                       sales target in relation to the sales of Pendil in the PRC for the first three years of the term of the
                       exclusive license agreement from years ended 31 December 2016 to 2018 and the annual sales
                       target of respective years has been met. No additional annual sales target is required under the
                       exclusive license agreement during the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022.

                       The expected useful life of the exclusive license right is 20 years.

            (iv)       The Group acquired 100% of equity interest in Luqa Ventures Co., Limited ("Luqa") on 1 February
                       2021. This included the acquisition of the exclusive agency rights of prescription medical
                       aesthetic products including Aethoxysklerol and other aesthetic medical drugs. The exclusive
                       agency rights were measured at their fair values at the date of acquisition and the valuation of the
                       intangible assets was performed by Vigers Appraisal & Consulting Limited, an independent valuer.




                                                                                 CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           132
                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




      18. INTANGIBLE ASSETS - continued
            Notes:          - continued

            (a)      Exclusive distribution rights - continued

                     (iv)      - continued

                               The fair value of the exclusive agency rights at the date of acquisition was determined based on
                               the royalty rate method by capitalising future royalty income which a market participant would be
                               willing to pay to use the exclusive agency rights for the remaining term of the exclusive agency
                               rights. As at the acquisition date, the exclusive agency rights of prescription medical aesthetic
                               products owned by Luqa amounted to RMB101,509,000. As at 31 December 2023, the carrying
                               amount was approximately RMB61,081,000 (2022: RMB79,704,000).

                               The expected useful lives of the exclusive agency rights are ranging from 2 years to 10 years.

                     (v)       On 27 June 2019, the Group entered into an exclusive license agreement with Sun
                               Pharmaceutical Industrial Ltd., an independent third party, pursuant to which Sun Pharmaceutical
                               Industrial Ltd. granted an exclusive license to the Group for the commercialisation of
                               Tildrakizumab Injection in the PRC, at a consideration of US$32,000,000 (equivalent to
                               approximately RMB221,687,000). During the year ended 31 December 2023, regulatory approval
                               of Tildrakizumab Injection has been obtained from the National Medical Products Administration
                               of the People’s Republic of China ("NMPA") and the related deposits paid for acquisition of
                               the exclusive distribution right has been transferred to intangible assets accordingly. As at 31
                               December 2023, the carrying amount of the exclusive distribution right under intangible assets
                               was of approximately RMB295,150,000 (2022: nil).

            (b)      Acquisition of exclusive distribution rights and patent rights

                     (i)       The Group acquired 100% of equity interest in Great Move Enterprises Limited ("Great Move")
                               and 51% of equity interest in Guangxi Kangzhe Guangming Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. ("Kangzhe
                               Guangming") on 3 April 2011 and 30 April 2011, respectively. This included the acquisition of
                               exclusive distribution rights and patent rights for the sales of several products. The exclusive
                               distribution rights and patent rights were measured at their fair values at the date of acquisition
                               and the valuation of the intangible assets was performed by Vigers Appraisal & Consulting
                               Limited, an independent valuer.

                               The fair value of the patent rights at the date of acquisition was determined based on the royalty
                               rate method by capitalising future royalty income which a market participant would be willing to
                               pay to use the patents for the remaining term of the patent right. The fair value of the exclusive
                               distribution rights at the date of acquisition was determined based on the multi-period excess
                               earnings method by capitalising future cash flows derived from the intangible assets for the
                               remaining term of the distribution rights.



133   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                          (CONTINUED)
                                                                                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




18. INTANGIBLE ASSETS - continued
   Notes:          - continued

   (b)      Acquisition of exclusive distribution rights and patent rights - continued

            (i)       - continued

                      As at the acquisition date, the major patent rights owned by Tianjin Kangzhe, the wholly
                      owned subsidiary of Great Move, represented YiNuoShu and ShaDuoLiKa amounting to
                      RMB137,917,000 and RMB8,287,000, respectively and the exclusive distribution rights owned
                      by Tianjin Kangzhe amounted to RMB39,350,000.

                      During the year ended 31 December 2020, the management considers that there is an
                      impairment indicator on the carrying amount of YiNuoShu as there is adverse change in the
                      Group's market shares in selling YiNuoShu. Therefore, a full impairment loss of RMB57,598,000
                      was recognised for the year ended 31 December 2020.

                      During the year ended 31 December 2023 and 2022, management reviews the performance
                      of YiNuoShu and concludes that there is no indication that the impairment loss previously
                      recognised no longer exist or have decreased.

                      As at 31 December 2023 and 2022, the carrying amounts of patent rights of YiNuoShu and
                      ShaDuoLiKa and exclusive distribution rights owned by Tianjin Kangzhe were nil, nil and nil,
                      respectively.

                      The Group also acquired the exclusive distribution right and patent right of XiDaKang amounting
                      to RMB5,813,000 and RMB7,715,000, respectively through the acquisition of a former subsidiary,
                      Kangzhe Guangming. As at 31 December 2023, the carrying amount of the exclusive distribution
                      right and patent right of XiDaKang were approximately RMB1,298,000 and RMB1,018,000,
                      respectively (2022: RMB1,597,000 and RMB1,248,000).

                      The expected useful lives of the exclusive distribution rights and patent rights are ranging from 1
                      year to 17 years.

            (ii)      On 27 December 2013, the Group entered into a transfer agreement with the shareholders of
                      non-controlling interests of Kangzhe Guangming (the "Sellers") in connection with the transfer of
                      the patent right of XiDaKang at a consideration of RMB40,000,000. The Sellers, who directly held
                      49% equity interest of Kangzhe Guangming, agreed to transfer the 49% interest in the patent right
                      of XiDaKang to Kangzhe Hunan, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. The consideration
                      will be settled by the first payment of RMB30,000,000 and annual payment of RMB1,000,000 to
                      the Kangzhe Guangming over the next ten years. The directors of the Company recognised the
                      payable as a deferred consideration payable in the amount of RMB6,145,000 at initial recognition
                      which represents the present value of the annual consideration of RMB1,000,000 over next ten
                      years discounted at 10%.

                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         134
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




      18. INTANGIBLE ASSETS - continued
            Notes:           - continued

            (b)      Acquisition of exclusive distribution rights and patent rights - continued

                     (ii)       - continued

                                Pursuant to the transfer agreement, the 51% interest in the patent right of XiDaKang was also
                                transferred from Kangzhe Guangming to Kangzhe Hunan. Starting from 27 December 2013,
                                Kangzhe Hunan has replaced Kangzhe Guangming as the patent right owner of XiDaKang. As at
                                31 December 2023, the carrying amount of the patent right was approximately RMB10,929,000
                                (2022: RMB13,451,000).

                                The expected useful lives of the patent right is 14 years.

                     (iii)      The Group acquired 100% of equity interest in Kangzhe Lengshuijiang Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
                                (formerly known as Sinopharm Traditional Chinese Medicine Lengshuijiang Pharmaceutical Co.,
                                Ltd.) ("Kangzhe Lengshuijiang") on February 2013. This included the acquisition of the patent
                                right of GanFuLe. The patent right was measured at their fair values at the date of acquisition and
                                the valuation of the intangible assets was performed by Vigers Appraisal & Consulting Limited, an
                                independent valuer.

                                The fair value of the patent right at the date of acquisition was determined based on the royalty
                                rate method by capitalising future royalty income which a market participant would be willing to
                                pay to use the patents for the remaining term of the patent right. As at the acquisition date, the
                                patent right of GanFule owned by Kangzhe Lengshuijiang amounted to RMB16,005,000.

                                During the year ended 31 December 2016, Kangzhe Lengshuijiang was deregistered and merged
                                with Kangzhe Hunan. The assets and liabilities held by Kangzhe Lengshuijiang were transferred
                                to Kangzhe Hunan at the time of merger and Kangzhe Hunan is responsible for the production of
                                GanFuLe after the merger. As at 31 December 2023, the carrying amount of the patent right of
                                GanFuLe was approximately RMB1,249,000 (2022: RMB2,611,000).

                                The expected useful live of the patent right is 11 years.

                     (iv)       The Group acquired 52.01% of equity interest in Xili Pharmaceutical on 16 February 2015. This
                                included the acquisition of the patent right of DanShenTong. The patent right was measured at
                                their fair values at the date of acquisition and the valuation of the intangible assets was performed
                                by Vigers Appraisal & Consulting Limited, an independent valuer.




135   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                           (CONTINUED)
                                                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




18. INTANGIBLE ASSETS - continued
   Notes:          - continued

   (b)      Acquisition of exclusive distribution rights and patent rights - continued

            (iv)      - continued

                      The fair value of the patent right at the date of acquisition was determined based on the royalty
                      rate method by capitalising future royalty income which a market participant would be willing to
                      pay to use the patents for the remaining term of the patent right. As at the acquisition date, the
                      patent right of DanShenTong owned by Xili Pharmaceutical, amounted to RMB114,489,000. The
                      expected useful live of the patent right is 18 years.

                      In February 2023, the patent right of DanShenTong was disposed through the deemed disposal
                      of Xili Pharmaceutical. As at 31 December 2022, the carrying amount was approximately
                      RMB64,199,000. Please refer to note 43 for the details of deemed disposal of Xili Pharmaceutical.

            (v)       The Group acquired 64.81% of equity interest in Shanghai Carnation Medical Technology Co.,
                      Ltd. ("Carnation") on 8 June 2021. This included the acquisition of the patent right of a medical
                      aesthetic device, FUBA5200 Focused Ultrasound Body Contouring System. The patent right
                      was measured at its fair value at the date of acquisition and the valuation of the intangible assets
                      was performed by Vigers Appraisal & Consulting Limited, an independent valuer.

                      The fair value of the patent right at the date of acquisition was determined based on the royalty
                      rate method by capitalising future royalty income which a market participant would be willing
                      to pay to use the patent right for the remaining term of the patent right. As at the acquisition
                      date, the patent right of the medical aesthetic device owned by Carnation amounted to
                      RMB38,706,000. As at 31 December 2023, the related patent is not yet available for use and are
                      not amortised. The expected useful life of the patent rights is 10 years.

   (c)      Acquisition of product rights

            (i)       On 1 July 2014, the Group entered into a series of agreements related to Stulln with an
                      independent third party, Pharma Stulln GmbH ("Pharma") in connection with the transfer of
                      all assets related to Stulln for the Chinese market (including Hong Kong and Macau Special
                      Administration Regions ("SAR")), including but not limited to the right of manufacturing
                      Stulln for the Chinese market, marketing authorisation for the Chinese market and relevant
                      intellectual property rights, including trademark in Chinese characters and know-how of Stulln,
                      and has been licensed the exclusive right to utilise the trademark in English characters, at a
                      consideration of EUR10,000,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB72,317,000). During the
                      year ended 31 December 2014, the residual balance of the exclusive agency right of Stulln of
                      approximately RMB14,625,000 was transferred to product right accordingly. As at 31 December
                      2023, the carrying amount of the product right was approximately RMB40,071,000 (2022:
                      RMB43,887,000).The expected useful life of the product right is 20 years.

                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          136
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




      18. INTANGIBLE ASSETS - continued
            Notes:           - continued

            (c)      Acquisition of product rights - continued

                     (ii)       On 17 December 2014, the Group entered into a series of agreements related to Lamisil Tablet
                                and Parlodel Tablet (the "Products") with two independent third parties, Novartis AG and Novartis
                                Pharma AG, the suppliers of the Products in Switzerland in connection with the transfer of
                                all assets related to the Products, including the drug production license of Lamisil Tablet, co-
                                marketing authorisation in Switzerland and imported drug license in China of Parlodel Tablet, all
                                know-how, books and records, commercial and medical information exclusively to the Products for
                                Chinese market (For Lamisil Tablet, Chinese market refers to Chinese Mainland; For Parlodel Tablet,
                                Chinese market refers to Chinese Mainland and Hong Kong SAR and Taiwan), at a consideration
                                of US$25,000,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB152,972,000). As at 31 December 2023, the
                                carrying amount was approximately RMB89,287,000 (2022: RMB97,404,000).

                                The expected useful life of the product rights is 20 years.

                     (iii)      On 25 March 2015, the Group entered into a series of agreements related to Combizym and Hirudoid
                                (the "Purchased Products") with an independent third party, DKSH International AG, in connection with
                                the purchase of (i) all trademarks regarding the Purchased Products; (ii) all market authorisations or similar
                                licenses, certificates or approvals regarding the Purchased Products and all rights, benefits or other
                                interests obtained; (iii) the exclusive right and title to develop, manufacture, register, apply for registration,
                                import, market, distribute, sell or otherwise use and/or exploit the Purchased Products; and (iv) all books
                                and records, commercial information and medical information related to the Purchased Products, with
                                respect to Combizym in China, Hong Kong and Switzerland, and certain other designated countries
                                or areas in Asia, and with respect to Hirudoid in China, at a consideration of Swiss Franc ("CHF")
                                76,600,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB486,019,000). As at 31 December 2023, the carrying
                                amount was approximately RMB289,026,000 (2022: RMB314,717,000).

                                The expected useful life of the product rights is 20 years.

                     (iv)       On 30 December 2014, the Group entered into an agreement related to Movicol (the "Product") with
                                an independent third party, Norgine B.V., in connection with the purchase of the right to import, register,
                                market, distribute, promote and sell the Product in the PRC including Hong Kong and Macau (the
                                "Product Right"), at a consideration of EUR9,000,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB72,100,000),
                                and such consideration has been recognised as deposit paid for acquisition of intangible asset as the
                                Product is still under still under approval by the regulatory body. During the year ended 31 December
                                2019, the commercialisation of the Product has been approved by relevant regulatory body and
                                therefore, the deposit has been transferred to intangible assets as it is probable that the expected future
                                economic benefits that are attributable to the Product Right will flow to the Group. As at 31 December
                                2023, the carrying amount was approximately RMB54,075,000 (2022: RMB57,680,000).

                                The expected useful life of the product rights is 20 years.

137   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                  (CONTINUED)
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




19. GOODWILL
                                                                                                       RMB'000
   COST
   At 1 January 2022                                                                                  1,881,179
   Arising on acquisition of subsidiaries (note 42)                                                      34,814

   At 31 December 2022                                                                                1,915,993
   Deemed disposal of a subsidiary (note 43)                                                           (198,090)

   At 31 December 2023                                                                                1,717,903

   IMPAIRMENT LOSS
   At 1 January 2022                                                                                    190,000
   Impairment loss recognised during the year                                                            60,000

   At 31 December 2022                                                                                  250,000
   Impairment loss recognised during the year                                                                  -
   Eliminated on deemed disposal of a subsidiary (note 43)                                               (80,000)

   At 31 December 2023                                                                                  170,000

   CARRYING VALUES
   At 31 December 2023                                                                                1,547,903

   At 31 December 2022                                                                                1,665,993


   For the purposes of impairment testing, the entire amount of goodwill has been allocated to eight (2022: nine)
   CGUs, representing eight (2022: nine) subsidiaries, namely Tianjin Kangzhe, Kangzhe Hunan, Sky United Trading
   Limited ("Sky United"), Tibet Kangzhe Development, Luqa, Carnation, Xuli and Heling (as defined in note 42)
   (2022: Tianjin Kangzhe, Kangzhe Hunan, Sky United, Xili Pharmaceutical, Tibet Kangzhe Development, Luqa,
   Carnation, Xuli and Heling.). Tianjin Kangzhe is engaged in marketing, promotion and sale of drugs. Sky United
   and Tibet Kangzhe Development are engaged in trading of drugs. Kangzhe Hunan and Xili Pharmaceutical
   are engaged in production of medicines. Luqa and Xuli are engaged in sales of medical aesthetic products.
   Carnation is engaged in research and development and manufacture of energy-based medical aesthetic devices.
   Heling is engaged in research, development and production of skincare products. The carrying amounts of
   goodwill (net of accumulated impairment losses) allocated to these units are as follows:

                                                                                     2023                 2022
                                                                                  RMB'000              RMB'000

   Tianjin Kangzhe                                                                 990,333              990,333
   Kangzhe Hunan                                                                    21,295               21,295
   Sky United                                                                        2,963                2,963
   Xili Pharmaceutical                                                                   -              118,090
   Tibet Kangzhe Development                                                         1,854                1,854
   Luqa                                                                            460,002              460,002
   Carnation                                                                        36,642               36,642
   Xuli                                                                             30,576               30,576
   Heling                                                                            4,238                4,238

                                                                                  1,547,903           1,665,993




                                                                       CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        138
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




      19. GOODWILL - continued
            The recoverable amounts of Tianjin Kangzhe, Kangzhe Hunan, Sky United, Tibet Kangzhe Development,
            Luqa, Carnation, Xuli and Heling are determined based on value in use calculations. The key assumptions for
            the value in use calculations are those regarding the discount rates, growth rates and expected changes to
            selling prices and direct costs during the year. Management estimates discount rates using pre-tax rates that
            reflect current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the CGUs. The growth
            rates are based on industry growth forecasts. Changes in selling prices and direct costs are based on past
            performance and expectations of future changes in the market.

            Tianjin Kangzhe

            At 31 December 2023, the impairment review is determined based on cash flow projections which were
            derived from the financial budgets approved by management covering a five-year period, with a discount rate
            of 13.6% (2022: 13.0%). Tianjin Kangzhe's cash flows beyond the five-year period are extrapolated using a
            growth rate of 2% (2022: 3%). This growth rate is based on management's best estimate and past experience
            on the industry.

            During the year ended 31 December 2023 and 2022, no impairment loss was recognised.

            Kangzhe Hunan

            At 31 December 2023, the impairment review is determined based on cash flow projections which were
            derived from the financial budgets approved by management covering a five-year period, with a discount rate
            of 13.0% (2022: 12.9%). Kangzhe Hunan's cash flows beyond the five-year period are extrapolated using a
            growth rate of 2% (2022: 3%). This growth rate is based on management's best estimate and past experience
            on the industry.

            During the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022, no impairment loss was recognised.

            Xili Pharmaceutical

            As mentioned on note 43, in February 2023, the Group had a deem disposal of Xili Pharmaceutical, which
            became a joint venture of the Group with effect from 1 March 2023.

            At 31 December 2022, the impairment review is determined based on cash flow projections which were
            derived from the financial budgets approved by management covering a five-year period, with a discount rate
            of 14.9%. Xili Pharmaceutical's cash flows beyond the five-year period are extrapolated using a growth rate of
            3%. This growth rate is based on management's best estimate and past experience on the industry.




139   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                  (CONTINUED)
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




19. GOODWILL - continued
   Luqa

   At 31 December 2023, the impairment review is determined based on cash flow projections which were derived
   from the financial budgets approved by management covering a five-year period, with a discount rate of 14.6%
   (2022: 15.2%). Luqa's cash flows beyond the five-year period are extrapolated using a growth rate of 2% (2022:
   3%). This growth rate is based on management's best estimate and past experience on the industry. During
   the year ended 31 December 2023 and 2022, no impairment loss was recognised.

   Carnation

   At 31 December 2023, the impairment review is determined based on cash flow projections which were derived
   from the financial budgets approved by management covering a five-year period, with a discount rate of 23.8%
   (2022: 25.2%). Carnation's cash flows beyond the five-year period are extrapolated using a growth rate of 2%
   (2022: 3%). This growth rate is based on management's best estimate and past experience on the industry.
   During the year ended 31 December 2023 and 2022, no impairment loss was recognised.

   Xuli

   At 31 December 2023, the impairment review is determined based on cash flow projections which were derived
   from the financial budgets approved by management covering a five-year period, with a discount rate of 13.1%
   (2022: 14.0%). Xuli's cash flows beyond the five-year period are extrapolated using a growth rate of 2% (2022:
   3%). This growth rate is based on management's best estimate and past experience on the industry. During
   the year ended 31 December 2023 and 2022, no impairment loss was recognised.

   The goodwill of Sky United, Tibet Kangzhe Development and Heling was immaterial as at the end of both
   reporting periods. No impairment loss was recognised for both years.


20. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS/EQUITY
    INSTRUMENTS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE
    INCOME

    (a)   Financial assets at FVTPL
                                                                                    2023                 2022
                                                                                 RMB'000              RMB'000
          Listed investments:
          Equity securities listed on the Hong Kong Stock
           Exchange (the "HKEX") (Note i)                                            2,602                     -
          Unlisted investments:
          Capital funds (Note ii)                                                 843,190              734,102
          Equity securities (Note iii)                                            986,466              757,234
                                                                                 1,829,656           1,491,336
          Total                                                                  1,832,258           1,491,336



                                                                       CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        140
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




      20. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS/EQUITY
          INSTRUMENTS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE
          INCOME- continued

            (a)   Financial assets at FVTPL - continued


                  Notes:

                  (i)      The listed equity investment represents ordinary shares of one entity listed on the HKEX. The investment
                           is held for trading and its fair value is based on the quoted market price. During the year ended 31
                           December 2023, the Group invested approximately RMB4,784,000 into the listed equity investment. As
                           at 31 December 2023, the fair values of the equity investments amounted to RMB2,602,000, and a loss
                           on change in fair value of RMB2,182,000 has been recognised in profit and loss.

                  (ii)     During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group further invested approximately RMB145,505,000
                           (2022: RMB301,178,000) into various capital funds. During the year ended 31 December 2023, the
                           Group disposed investment in a capital fund amounted to RMB20,343,000. As at 31 December 2023,
                           the fair values of these capital funds amounted to RMB843,190,000 (2022: RMB734,102,000), and a
                           loss on change in fair value of RMB16,074,000 (2022: a gain of RMB50,100,000) has been recognised
                           in profit and loss.

                           A&B (HK) Company Limited ("A&B"), a company wholly-owned by a controlling shareholder of the
                           Company, also had invested in certain capital funds invested by the Group. As at 31 December
                           2023, the fair values of these capital funds were RMB11,331,000 (2022: RMB8,693,000)

                  (iii)    During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group further invested approximately RMB227,726,000
                           (2022: RMB62,460,000) in various unlisted equity investments. As at 31 December 2023, the fair values
                           of the equity investments amounted to RMB986,466,000 (2022: RMB757,234,000), and a gain on
                           change in fair value of RMB1,506,000 (2022: a gain of RMB100,334,000) has been recognised in profit
                           and loss.

                           A&B also had equity interest in a certain unlisted equity investment invested by the Group. As at
                           31 December 2023, the fair value of the unlisted equity investment was RMB3,380,000 (2022:
                           RMB3,138,000).




141   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    (CONTINUED)
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




20. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS/EQUITY
    INSTRUMENTS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE
    INCOME- continued
   (b)    Equity instruments at FVTOCI
                                                                                     2023                  2022
                                                                                  RMB'000               RMB'000
         Listed investments:
         Equity securities listed on
          London Stock Exchange Plc (the "LSE") (Note i)                             21,830               16,493
          Euronext N.V. (the "ENV") (Note ii)                                        16,707               38,416
          New York Stock Exchange (the "NYSE") (Note iii)                                 -                9,092
          National Association of Securities Dealers Automated
            Quotations (the "NASDAQ") (Note i)                                            12                     -
                                                                                     38,549               64,001
         Unlisted investments:
         Equity securities (Note iv)                                                125,344              233,047
         Total                                                                      163,893              297,048

         The directors of the Company have elected to designate these investments in equity instruments as at
         FVTOCI as they believe that recognising short-term fluctuations in these investments' fair value in profit
         or loss would not be consistent with the Group's strategy of holding these investments for long-term
         purposes and realising their performance potential in the long run.

         (i)     The listed equity investment represents ordinary shares of the following one (2022: two) entity
                 listed on LSE. The investments are denominated in Great British Pound ("GBP") and the fair
                 values are based on the quoted market price.

                 (a)   Biodexa Pharmaceuticals PLC (formerly known as “Midatech Pharma Plc”) (“Biodexa”)
                       - the Group invested approximately GBP4,000,000 (equivalent to RMB34,705,000) in
                       Midatech during year ended 31 December 2019.

                 (b)   Destiny Pharma Plc ("Destiny") - the Group first invested approximately GBP 3,000,000
                       (equivalent to RMB 26,291,000) in Destiny during the year ended 31 December 2017.
                       The Group further invested GBP1,000,000 (equivalent to RMB8,435,000) in Destiny during
                       the year ended 31 December 2020.

                 As at 31 December 2023, the fair value of Destiny amounted to RMB21,830,000 (2022:
                 RMB15,490,000), and a gain on change in fair value of RMB6,340,000 (2022: a fair value loss of
                 RMB15,681,000) has been recognised in other comprehensive income.

                 As at 31 December 2023, the fair value of Biodexa amounted to RMB12,000 (2022:
                 RMB1,003,000), and a loss on change in fair value of RMB991,000 (2022: a fair value loss of
                 RMB7,156,000) has been recognised in other comprehensive income. During the year ended 31
                 December 2023, Biodexa transferred its listing from LSE to NASDAQ.


                                                                        CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         142
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




      20. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS/EQUITY
          INSTRUMENTS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE
          INCOME- continued
            (b)   Equity instruments at FVTOCI - continued

                  (i)     - continued

                          As at 31 December 2023 and 2022, A&B also had equity interest in Biodexa and Destiny.

                  (ii)    The listed equity investment represents ordinary shares of Acticor Biotech ("Acticor"),
                          which became listed on ENV on 1 November 2021. The Group first invested approximately
                          EUR4,000,000 (equivalent to RMB30,607,000) in Acticor during the year ended 31 December
                          2018. The Group further invested EUR 1,000,000 (equivalent to RMB7,595,000) in Acticor during
                          the year ended 31 December 2021. The investment is denominated in EUR and the fair value is
                          based on the quoted market price.

                          As at 31 December 2023, the fair value of the equity investment amounted to RMB16,707,000
                          (2022: RMB38,416,000), and a loss on change in fair value of RMB21,709,000 (2022: a fair value
                          gain of RMB14,177,000) has been recognised in other comprehensive income.

                          As at 31 December 2023 and 2022, A&B also had equity interest in Acticor.

                  (iii)   The listed equity investment represents ordinary shares of Gelesis Holdings, Inc. ("Gelesis").
                          Gelesis became listed on NYSE on 18 January 2022. The Group first invested approximately
                          US$20,000,000 (equivalent to RMB142,633,000) in Gelesis during the year ended 31 December
                          2020. The Group further invested US$15,000,000 (equivalent to RMB95,615,000) in Gelesis
                          during the year ended 31 December 2022. During the year ended 31 December 2023, Gelesis
                          had delisted and the fair value of the equity investment amounting to nil as at 31 December 2023.

                          As at 31 December 2023, the fair value of the equity investments amounted to nil (2022:
                          RMB9,092,000), and a loss on change in fair value of RMB9,092,000 (2022: a loss of
                          RMB200,780,000) has been recognised in other comprehensive income.

                  (iv)    The unlisted equity investments represent the Group's equity interests in the various biotech/
                          pharmaceutical companies.

                          As at 31 December 2023, the fair values of the equity investments amounted to RMB125,344,000
                          (2022: RMB233,047,000). The fair values of the above unlisted equity investments were
                          performed by a professional independent valuer. During the years ended 31 December 2023,
                          a loss on change in fair value of RMB107,703,000 (2022: a gain of RMB13,243,000) has been
                          recognised in other comprehensive income.

                          A&B also had equity interest in certain unlisted equity investments invested by the Group.




143   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                      (CONTINUED)
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




21. INVENTORIES
                                                                                       2023                  2022
                                                                                    RMB'000               RMB'000

   Raw materials                                                                      31,497                 9,739
   Work in progress                                                                    8,888                32,243
   Finished goods                                                                    597,251               435,224
                                                                                     637,636               477,206


22. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES AND PREPAYMENTS
                                                                                       2023                  2022
                                                                                    RMB'000               RMB'000

   Trade receivables                                                               1,156,770             1,451,678
   Less: Allowance for credit losses                                                  (10,032)               (9,643)
                                                                                   1,146,738             1,442,035
   Bills receivables                                                                 180,960               269,579
   Purchase prepayments                                                              148,939               211,746
   Other receivables and deposits                                                     91,950               120,584
                                                                                   1,568,587             2,043,944

   As at 1 January 2022, trade receivables from contracts with customers amounted to RMB1,395,789,000.

   The Group normally allows a credit period ranging from 0 to 90 days to its trade customers, but longer credit
   period up to four months is allowed to some selected customers.

   The following is an analysis of trade receivables by age, net of allowance for credit losses presented based on
   the dates of receipt of goods at the respective reporting dates, which approximate the revenue recognition
   dates and an analysis of bill receivables by age, net of allowance for credit losses, presented based on the bills
   issuance date at the end of the reporting period:

                                                                                       2023                  2022
                                                                                    RMB'000               RMB'000
   Trade receivables
    0 - 90 days                                                                    1,127,469             1,363,828
    91 - 365 days                                                                     19,269                57,802
    Over 365 days                                                                          -                20,405
                                                                                   1,146,738             1,442,035
   Bill receivables
    0 - 90 days                                                                      105,719               185,133
    91 - 120 days                                                                     19,380                31,241
    121 - 180 days                                                                    55,861                53,205
                                                                                     180,960               269,579


                                                                         CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          144
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




      22.    TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES AND PREPAYMENTS - continued
             As at 31 December 2023, total bills receivables amounting to RMB180,960,000 (2022: RMB269,579,000) are held by
             the Group. All bills receivables by the Group are accepted by banks with a maturity period of less than six months.

             As at 31 December 2023, included in the Group's trade receivables balance are debtors with aggregate
             carrying amount of RMB18,039,000 (2022: RMB95,554,000) which are past due at the reporting date.
             RMB4,588,000 (2022: RMB30,622,000) was more than 90 days past due and is not considered as in default.
             Based on the historical experiences of the Group, trade receivables past due are generally recoverable due to
             the long-term relationship and good repayment record.

             The Group does not hold any collateral over these balances. Details of impairment assessment of trade and
             other receivables as at 31 December 2023 and 2022 are set out in note 36.


      23. DEPOSITS PAID FOR ACQUISITION OF INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                                                                   2023                 2022
                                                                                                RMB'000              RMB'000
            Deposits paid for acquisition of intangible assets paid to:
              Sun Pharmaceutical Industrial Ltd.                                                 172,669               394,356
              Incyte                                                                             215,307               215,307
              Gelesis Inc. (Note)                                                                      -               140,693
              Wuxi App Tec (Shanghai) Co. Ltd.                                                   157,169                77,000
              Medac Gesellschaft Fur Klinische Speziallpraparate M.B.H                                 -                40,824
              Cosmo Technologies Ltd.                                                             54,158                32,625
              Jiangxi Shimei Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                                             45,000                45,000
              YZY Biopharma, Ltd.                                                                 40,874                33,761
              Cadila Healthcare Limited                                                           27,904                27,904
              Shandong Innovative Drug Research and Development Co., Ltd.                         54,000                36,000
              Can-Fite BioPharma                                                                  13,446                13,446
              Jiangsu Xihong Biopharma Co., Ltd                                                   20,000                     -
              Almirall, S.A                                                                       14,502                     -
              NeuroDwan Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd,                                                   28,302                     -
              Others                                                                             170,064               228,499
                                                                                               1,013,395             1,285,415


            These deposits were paid to independent third parties not connected with the Group for certain exclusive
            distribution or product rights of medical products to be approved by relevant regulatory bodies for the
            sales in specific territories. During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group made approximately
            RMB269,165,000 (2022: RMB506,585,000) additional deposits in various medical products. During the year
            ended 31 December 2023, amount of RMB377,723,000 (2022: RMB9,650,000) of certain exclusive distribution
            or product rights have been transferred to intangible assets when regulatory approvals of the products have
            been obtained. During the year ended 31 December 2023, an impairment loss of RMB163,462,000 (2022:
            RMB2,003,000) was recognised in profit or loss.

            Note: During the year ended 31 December 2023, an impairment loss of RMB140,693,000 (2022: nil) was
                  recognised in profit or loss as Gelesis Inc. has filed a voluntary petition for relief in the United States
                  Bankruptcy Court.


145   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                  (CONTINUED)
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




24. AMOUNTS DUE FROM ASSOCIATES
   As at 31 December 2023, the balance of approximately RMB30,000,000 (2022: RMB30,000,000) was non-
   trade nature and non-interest bearing, represented deposit to Tibet Pharmaceutical for exclusive distribution
   right.

   As at 31 December 2023, the balance of approximately RMB408,167,000 (2022: RMB328,072,000) was
   trade nature and non-interest bearing, represented promotion income receivables from Tibet Pharmaceutical
   and associates. The Group allows a credit period of 90 days to Tibet Pharmaceutical. The balance as at 31
   December 2023 was aged within three months (2022: within three months) based on the invoice date.


25. BANK BALANCES AND CASH
   Cash and cash equivalents/pledged/restricted bank deposits

   Cash and cash equivalents include short term deposits for the purpose of meeting the Group's short term
   cash commitments, which carry interest at market rates range from 0.25% to 5.45% (2022: 0.30% to 3.40%).
   Included in bank balances mainly are the following amounts denominated in currencies other than functional
   currency of the relevant group entities:

                                                                                     2023                2022
                                                                                 RMB'000             RMB'000
   Euro ("EUR")                                                                   516,647              26,132
   Hong Kong Dollar ("HK$")                                                        18,833              47,505
   United States Dollar ("US$")                                                 1,473,920             194,890


   Details of the impairment of bank balances are set out in note 36.




                                                                        CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED      146
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




      26. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
            An aging analysis of the trade payables presented based on the invoice date at the end of the reporting periods
            is as follows:

                                                                                               2023                 2022
                                                                                           RMB'000              RMB'000
            0 - 90 days                                                                     136,568              164,837
            91 - 365 days                                                                     4,171               11,715
            Over 365 days                                                                       925                1,457
            Trade payables                                                                  141,664              178,009
            Payroll and welfare payables                                                    178,074              200,360
            Other tax payables                                                               21,222               61,318
            Accrued promotion expenses                                                       39,177               71,273
            Accruals                                                                         42,609               34,743
            Other payables                                                                   14,230               17,491
                                                                                            436,976              563,194


            The credit period on purchases of goods is ranging from 0 to 120 days.


      27. LEASE LIABILITIES
                                                                                              2023                 2022
                                                                                           RMB'000              RMB'000
            Lease liabilities payable:

            Within one year                                                                   15,416              15,804
            Within a period of more than one year
             but not more than two years                                                       7,536                8,601
            Within a period of more than two years
             but not more than five years                                                      9,135                4,890
                                                                                              32,087              29,295
            Less: Amount due for settlement with 12 months
                   shown under current liabilities                                           (15,416)             (15,804)


            Amount due for settlement after 12 months shown under
             non-current liabilities                                                          16,671              13,491




147   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                          (CONTINUED)
                                                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




28. CONTRACT LIABILITIES
                                                                                          2023                  2022
                                                                                       RMB'000               RMB'000

   Receipts in advance from customers - finished goods                                    12,733                21,614

   As at 1 January 2022, contract liabilities amounted to RMB23,715,000.

   The following table shows how much of the revenue recognised in the current year relates to carried-forward
   contract liabilities.

                                                                                          2023                  2022
                                                                                       RMB'000               RMB'000
   Revenue recognised that was included in the contract
    liabilities balance at the beginning of the year                                      21,614                23,715


   When the Group receives a deposit from customers before the goods are delivered to and received by the
   customers, this will give rise to contract liabilities at the start of a contract, until the revenue recognised on the
   relevant contract exceeds the amount of the deposit.


29. BANK BORROWINGS
                                                                                          2023                  2022
                                                                                       RMB'000               RMB'000

   Bank loans                                                                         1,269,650              1,783,337

   Analysed as:
   Unsecured                                                                          1,269,650              1,783,337


                                                                                          2023                  2022
                                                                                       RMB'000               RMB'000
   The carrying amounts of the above borrowings are repayable*:
    Within one year                                                                   1,269,650              1,783,337

                                                                                      1,269,650              1,783,337
   Less: Amounts due within one year shown under current
          liabilities                                                                 (1,269,650)           (1,783,337)

   Amounts shown under non-current liabilities                                                   -                     -


   *   The amounts due are based on scheduled repayment dates set out in the loan agreements.




                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           148
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




      29. BANK BORROWINGS - continued
            The ranges of effective interest rates (which are also equal to contractual interest rate) on the Group's
            borrowings and their carrying values are as follows:

                                                                                             2023                2022
                                                                                          RMB'000             RMB'000
            Variable-rate borrowings
             Denominated in HK$ range from 5.27% to 5.87%
               per annum as at 31 December 2023
               (2022: 4.87% to 5.30%) (Notes a & c)                                        679,650            1,281,886
             Denominated in US$ (ranged from 5.29% to 6.17%)
              (Notes b & c)                                                                        -           501,451
            Fixed-rate borrowings
             Denominated in RMB at fixed rate of 2.65%
               per annum as at 31 December 2023                                            590,000                     -

            Total                                                                         1,269,650           1,783,337


            Notes:

            (a)      Variable rates range from Hong Kong Interbank Offered Rate ("HIBOR") plus 0.60% as at 31 December
                     2023 (2022: HIBOR plus 0.52% to HIBOR plus 0.95%).

            (b)      Variable rates range from London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") plus 0.70% to LIBOR plus 1.25% as
                     at 31 December 2022.

            (c)      As at 31 December 2023, the Group uses interest rate swaps to minimise its exposure to interest
                     rate movements on the variable-rate bank borrowings of approximately RMB679,650,000 (2022:
                     RMB1,113,362,000). The principal amount of the variable-rate bank borrowings will be repayable on 13
                     September 2024 (2022: 24 March 2023, 27 March 2023 and 25 April 2023). Details of the interest rate
                     swaps are disclosed in note 32.


            As at 31 December 2023, the Group had unutilised banking facilities of approximately RMB2,550,000 (2022:
            RMB2,027,858,000).




149   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                (CONTINUED)
                                                                                    FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




30. OBLIGATION ARISING FROM PUT OPTIONS
                                                                                             2023                     2022
                                                                                          RMB'000                  RMB'000

   Obligation arising from put options                                                                 -            163,773


   As of 31 December 2022, the obligation arising from put options in which the Group could be required to pay
   the non-controlling shareholders of CMS Skinhealth Investment Limited (formerly known as CMS Aesthetics
   Investment Limited), an indirect subsidiary of the Company was amounted to RMB163,773,000. During the
   year ended 31 December 2023, the shares of CMS Skinhealth Investment Limited have been repurchased from
   the non-controlling shareholders at a consideration of RMB116,300,000.


31. DEFERRED TAX
   The following are the deferred tax assets (liabilities) recognised and movements thereon during the current and
   prior years:
                                                 Fair value
                                               adjustments Unrealised              Unrealised
                                                 to assets    profit of Fair value  profit of
                                   Unrealised     acquired     equity   change on    equity
                                   profits on   in business instruments cash flow instruments   Tax
                                  inventories combinations at FVTOCI     hedges    at FVTPL   losses Others  Total
                                    RMB'000      RMB'000      RMB'000    RMB'000    RMB'000 RMB'000 RMB'000 RMB'000

   At 1 January 2022                 19,831       (31,620)   (63,964)       240        (27,991)      15,027     1,201    (87,276)
   Credit (charge) to profit or
    loss for the year (note 11)       3,247        3,294           -           -        (2,315)        (299)        -      3,927
   Charge to other
    comprehensive income                  -             -          -        (892)            -              -       -        (892)
   Acquisitions of subsidiaries
    (note 42)                             -        (1,711)         -           -             -              -       -      (1,711)

   At 31 December 2022               23,078       (30,037)   (63,964)       (652)      (30,306)     14,728      1,201    (85,952)
   Credit (charge) to profit or
    loss for the year (note 11)       1,966        3,055           -           -        (4,498)         622         -      1,145
   Credit to other
    comprehensive income                  -             -          -        652              -              -       -        652
   Deemed disposal of a
    subsidiary (note 43)                  -       16,777           -           -             -       (1,199)        -     15,578

   At 31 December 2023               25,044       (10,205)   (63,964)          -       (34,804)     14,151      1,201    (68,577)


   The following is the analysis of the deferred tax assets (liabilities) for financial reporting purposes:

                                                                                                2023                     2022
                                                                                            RMB'000                 RMB'000
   Deferred tax assets                                                                         40,396                  39,007
   Deferred tax liabilities                                                                  (108,973)               (124,959)

                                                                                                 (68,577)               (85,952)




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED                   150
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




      31. DEFERRED TAX - continued
            At 31 December 2023, the Group had unused tax losses of approximately RMB310,006,000 (2022:
            RMB230,012,000) available for offset against future profits. A deferred tax asset has been recognised in
            respect of approximately RMB89,682,000 (2022: RMB91,990,000) of such losses. No deferred tax asset has
            been recognised in respect of the remaining approximately RMB220,324,000 (2022: RMB138,022,000) due to
            the unpredictability of future profit streams. Included in unrecognised tax losses at 31 December 2023 are tax
            losses of approximately RMB60,196,000 (2022: RMB44,937,000) that will expire within 5 years from the year of
            originating. Other tax losses may be carried forward indefinitely. During the year ended 31 December 2023, tax
            losses of approximately RMB4,795,000 (2022: RMB907,000) was expired.

            As at 31 December 2023, the Group had deductible temporary differences of RMB820,023,000 (2022:
            RMB823,027,000) available for offsetting against future profits. A deferred tax asset has been recognised in
            respect of RMB100,176,000 (2022: RMB92,312,000) of such deductible temporary difference. No deferred tax
            asset has been recognised in respect of the remaining balance of RMB719,847,000 (2022: RMB730,715,000)
            as it is not probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences can
            be utilised.

            Under the EIT Law, withholding tax is imposed on dividends declared in respect of profits earned by the PRC
            subsidiary, from 1 January 2008 onwards. Deferred taxation has not been provided for in the consolidated
            financial statements in respect of temporary differences attributable to accumulated profits of the PRC
            subsidiaries amounting to RMB8,125,080,000 (2022: RMB8,190,285,000) as the Group is able to control the
            timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that the temporary differences will not
            reverse in the foreseeable future.


      32. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
                                                                                                2023                  2022
                                                                                             RMB'000               RMB'000
            Current assets:
            Foreign exchange forward contracts                                                        -              33,120
            Derivative under hedging accounting
             - Cash flow hedges - interest rate swaps                                                 -               8,901
                                                                                                      -              42,021

            Current liabilities:
            Foreign exchange forward contract with interest rate
             Swap (2022: foreign exchange forward contract)                                    (17,227)                 (562)


            Foreign exchange forward contracts

            The Group uses foreign exchange forward contracts to minimise its exposure to exchange rate change on its
            bank borrowings. The foreign exchange forward contracts and the corresponding bank borrowings have the
            same principal amounts and maturity dates. Major terms of the foreign exchange forward contracts as at 31
            December 2023 and 2022 are set out below:


151   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    (CONTINUED)
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




32. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
   Foreign exchange forward contracts - continued

   At 31 December 2023


   Notional amount                           Maturity date                   Exchange rate range agreed
   HK$750,000,000                          13 September 2024                        HK$1: RMB0.9280


   At 31 December 2022

   Notional amount                           Maturity date                   Exchange rate range agreed
   US$32,000,000                             20 March 2023                 US$1: RMB6.3795 to RMB6.60
   US$40,000,000                             23 March 2023                  US$1: RMB6.69 to RMB7.40
   HK$685,000,000                             25 April 2023                HK$1: RMB0.845 to RMB0.88
   HK$750,000,000                          7 September 2023                     HK$1: RMB0.8910


   During the year ended 31 December 2023, the fair value loss of approximately RMB49,785,000 (2022: the fair
   value gain of RMB41,889,000) has been recognised in "other gains and losses" line item (see note 7).

   Interest rate swaps

   The Group uses interest rate swaps to minimise its exposure to interest rate movements on its variable-rate
   bank borrowings. The interest rate swaps and the corresponding bank borrowings have the same terms, such
   as principal amounts, interest rate spread, start dates, repayment data, maturity and counterparties, and the
   directors of the Company consider that the interest rate swaps are highly effective hedging instruments. Major
   terms of the interest rate swaps as at 31 December 2023 and 2022 are set out below:

   At 31 December 2023

                            Liability at
   Notional amount       carrying amount     Contract date         Maturity date          Receive         Pay
   (Note)
   HK$750,000,000         RMB17,227,000     15 September 2023    13 September 2024      HIBOR + 0.60%     3.80%

   At 31 December 2022

                            Assets at
   Notional amount       carrying amount      Contract date         Maturity date         Receive         Pay
   (Note)
   US$40,000,000           RMB2,373,000         27 March 2020         24 March 2023      LIBOR + 0.7%     1.74%
   US$32,000,000           RMB2,224,000         27 March 2020         27 March 2023     LIBOR + 1.25%     1.89%
   HK$685,000,000          RMB4,304,000          25 April 2022         25 April 2023    HIBOR + 0.52%     2.35%



   Note: The notional amount will be expired on 13 September 2024 (2022: 24 March 2023, 27 March 2023 and
         25 April 2023), which are the same as corresponding bank borrowings.

                                                                       CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        152
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




      32. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
            Interest rate swaps - continued

            The fair values of interest rate swaps are measured at the present value of future cash flows estimated and
            discounted based on the applicable yield curves derived from quoted interest rates. All of the above interest
            rate swaps are designated and effective as cash flow hedges. During the year ended 31 December 2023,
            the fair value loss of approximately RMB8,902,000 (2022: fair value gain of approximately RMB10,861,000),
            income tax of approximately RMB652,000 (2022: RMB892,000), resulting in a net amount of approximately
            RMB8,250,000 (2022: RMB9,969,000) have been recognised in other comprehensive income and
            accumulated in equity and are expected to be released to profit or loss at various dates during the lives of the
            swaps when the hedged interest expense is recognised in profit or loss.


      33. SHARE CAPITAL
                                                                                           Number of
                                                                                              shares              Amount
                                                                                                '000             RMB'000
            Ordinary shares of US$0.005 each
            Authorised
            At 1 January 2022, 31 December 2022 and
             31 December 2023                                                             20,000,000              765,218
            Issued and fully paid
            At 1 January 2022                                                              2,457,444               84,177
            Shares repurchased and cancelled (Note)                                            (5,455)               (186)
            At 31 December 2022 and 2023                                                   2,451,989               83,991


            Note: During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Company repurchased its own ordinary shares through
                  The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited as follows:

                                           No. of ordinary
                                             shares of                  Price per share                   Aggregated
            Month of repurchase            US$0.005 each             Highest       Lowest              consideration paid
                                                                       HK$           HK$                      HK$

            March 2022                              130,000           11.34            11.04                    1,447,520
            April 2022                            3,600,000           11.90            10.46                   40,227,820
            May 2022                              1,000,000           11.16            10.64                   10,976,200
            September 2022                          545,000           9.84             9.22                     5,147,640
            October 2022                            180,000            9.08             8.90                    1,616,220
            Total                                 5,455,000                                                    59,415,400


            The above ordinary shares were cancelled upon repurchase.
            Save as disclosed above, none of the Company's subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the
            Company's listed securities during the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022.

153   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    (CONTINUED)
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




34. RESERVES
   Capital reserve

   Capital reserve resulted from transactions between the Group and its shareholders. It mainly represents
   equity shares of Shenzhen Kangzhe granted by Mr. Lam Kong, a director and former shareholder of Shenzhen
   Kangzhe, to certain employees for their services rendered in prior year, rights granted by Mr. Lam Kong to
   certain employees to receive cash at a pre-determined formula for their services rendered in prior year, waiver
   of an advance to the Company by Mr. Lam Kong in 2006, discount on acquisitions of additional interest in
   subsidiaries from Mr. Lam Kong in 2004 and 2005, the difference between the transfer of the entire interest in
   Shenzhen Kangzhe to Sino Talent Limited ("Sino Talent") pursuant to the group restructuring in 2005 and the
   nominal value of Shenzhen Kangzhe's share capital, and difference between the par value of shares issued
   by the Company for the entire interest in CMS International Limited ("CMS International") and Healthlink
   Consultancy Inc. ("Healthlink") pursuant to the group reorganisation in 2006 and the nominal value of the issued
   share capital of CMS International and Healthlink in preparation for the listing of the Company's shares. The
   balance was reduced by the capitalisation issue in 2007. The equity shares and rights granted by Mr. Lam
   Kong to certain employees had been terminated on or before 2006.

   On 19 April 2010, the Group acquired an additional interest in Sky United. An amount of approximately
   RMB15,026,000, representing the excess of the fair value of the new ordinary shares issued by the Company
   over the decrease in the carrying value of the non-controlling interest is charged to capital reserve.

   During the year ended 31 December 2010, a deemed distribution to a shareholder was charged to capital
   reserve in respect of expenses incurred for a shareholder during the initial public offering exercise by the
   Company.

   Surplus reserve fund

   Articles of Association of the Group's subsidiaries established in the PRC require the appropriation of certain
   percentage of their profit after taxation each year to the surplus reserve fund until the balance reaches 50%
   of the registered capital of the relevant subsidiaries. In normal circumstances, the surplus reserve fund shall
   only be used for making up losses, capitalisation into registered capital and expansion of the subsidiaries'
   production and operation. For the capitalisation of surplus reserve fund into registered capital, the remaining
   amount of such reserve shall not be less than 25% of the registered capital.




                                                                        CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         154
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




      35. CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT
            The Group manages its capital to ensure that the group entities will be able to continue as a going concern
            while maximising the return to stakeholders through the optimisation of the debt and equity balance. The
            Group's overall strategy remains unchanged from prior year. The capital structure of the Group consists of cash
            and cash equivalents, bank borrowings, obligation arising from put options and equity attributable to owners of
            the Company, comprising issued share capital and reserves including accumulated profits.

            The directors of the Company review the capital structure on a regular basis. As part of this review, the directors
            consider the cost of capital and the risks associated with each class of capital. Based on recommendations of
            the directors, the Group will balance its overall capital structure through the payment of dividends, new share
            issues and share buy-backs.


      36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
            Categories of financial instruments
                                                                                                 2023                 2022
                                                                                              RMB'000              RMB'000
            Financial assets
            Derivative financial instruments
             - foreign exchange forward contracts                                                      -              33,120
            Derivative instruments under hedge accounting
             (cash flow hedges-interest rate swaps)                                                  -                 8,901
            Financial assets at amortised cost                                               6,204,818             6,636,814
            Equity instruments at FVTOCI                                                       163,893               297,048
            Financial assets at FVTPL                                                        1,832,258             1,491,336
            Financial liabilities
            At amortised cost                                                                (1,604,618)          (2,344,879)
            Derivative financial instruments
             - foreign exchange forward contracts                                               (17,227)                 (562)


            Financial risk management objectives and policies

            The Group's major financial instruments include financial assets at FVTPL, equity instruments at FVTOCI,
            trade and other receivables, loan receivable, amounts due from associates, derivative financial instruments,
            bank balances and cash, trade and other payables, lease liabilities, bank borrowings, obligation arising from
            put options and deferred consideration payables. Details of these financial instruments are disclosed in the
            respective notes. The risks associated with these financial instruments include market risk (interest rate risk,
            foreign currency risk and other price risk), credit risk, liquidity risk and risks arising from the interest rate
            benchmark reform. The policies on how to mitigate these risks are set out below. The management manages
            and monitors these exposures to ensure appropriate measures are implemented on a timely and effective
            manner.




155   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                        (CONTINUED)
                                                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
   Financial risk management objectives and policies - continued

   Market risk

   Interest rate risk management

   The Group is exposed to fair value interest rate risk in relation to lease liabilities (see note 27) and obligation
   arising from put options. The Group is also exposed to cash flow interest rate risk in relation to variable-rate
   bank balances (see note 25) and variable-rate bank borrowings (see note 29). The Group's cash flow interest
   rate risk is mainly concentrated on the fluctuation of interest rates at HIBOR and LIBOR arising from the
   Group's HK$ and US$ denominated borrowings. The Group aims at keeping borrowings at fixed rates. In order
   to achieve this result, the Group entered into interest rate swaps to hedge against its exposures to changes in
   cash flow of the LIBOR and HIBOR bank borrowings. The critical terms of these interest rate swaps are similar
   to those of hedged borrowings. These interest rates swaps are designated as effective hedging instruments
   and hedge accounting is used (see note 32).

   A fundamental reform of major interest rate benchmarks is being undertaken globally, including the replacement
   of some interbank offered rates ("IBORs") with alternative nearly risk-free rates. Details of the impacts on the
   Group's risk management strategy arising from the interest rate benchmark reform and the progress towards
   implementation of alternative benchmark interest rates are set out under "interest rate benchmark reform" in
   this note.

   Interest income of RMB146,475,000 was earned (2022: RMB105,515,000) from financial assets that are
   measured at amortised cost (including cash and cash equivalents) for the year ended 31 December 2023.

   Interest expense of RMB46,251,000 was incurred (2022: RMB49,086,000) on financial liabilities not measured
   at fair value through profit or loss that are measured at amortised cost for the year ended 31 December 2023.

   Sensitivity analysis

   The directors of the Company consider that the interest rate risk in relation to bank balances is not significant as
   the fluctuation of the interest rates on bank balances is minimal and therefore, bank balances are not included
   in the sensitivity analysis.

   The sensitivity analyses below have been determined based on the exposure to interest rates, including
   derivatives which are designated as effective hedging instruments at the end of the reporting period. The
   analysis is prepared assuming the financial instruments outstanding at the end of the reporting period were
   outstanding for the whole year. A 50 basis point (2022: 50 basis point) increase or decrease in variable-
   rate bank borrowings and interest rate swaps designed to hedge cash flow interest rate risk are used when
   reporting interest rate risk internally to key management personnel and represents management's assessment
   of the reasonably possible change in interest rates.




                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          156
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




      36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
            Financial risk management objectives and policies - continued

            Market risk - continued

            Sensitivity analysis - continued

            If interest rates had been 50 basis points (2022: 50 basis points) higher/lower and all other variables were
            held constant, the Group's post-tax profit for the year ended 31 December 2023 would decrease/increase by
            RMB2,549,000 (2022: RMB4,175,000). This is mainly attributable to the Group's exposure to interest rates on
            certain of its HIBOR bank borrowings.

            Foreign currency risk management

            Some subsidiaries of the Company have foreign currency purchases, which expose the Group to foreign
            currency risk. Approximately 56% (2022: 53%) of the Group's purchases are denominated in currencies
            other than the functional currencies of the group entities making the purchase. All sales of the Group are
            denominated in functional currency of the group entities making the sale. Management conducts periodic
            review of exposure and settlements of various currencies and will consider hedging significant foreign currency
            exposures should the need arise.

            The carrying amounts of the Group's foreign currency denominated monetary assets (representing financial
            assets at FVTPL, trade and other receivables, loan receivable and bank balances and cash) and monetary
            liabilities (representing trade and other payables, deferred consideration payables and bank borrowings) at the
            reporting date are as follows:

                                                           Assets                              Liabilities
                                                         2023               2022               2023                2022
                                                      RMB'000            RMB'000            RMB'000             RMB'000

            US$                                      2,368,814          1,141,327               3,543            503,832
            EUR                                        531,007             40,827              17,530              7,268
            HK$                                         28,815             63,196             683,412          1,281,886




157   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     (CONTINUED)
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
   Financial risk management objectives and policies - continued

   Market risk - continued

   Foreign currency risk management - continued

   The Group is mainly exposed to currency risk of the US$, EUR and HK$. The following table details the Group's
   sensitivity to a 5% (2022: 5%) increase and decrease in the functional currencies of the relevant group entities
   against the relevant foreign currencies. The sensitivity analysis includes only outstanding foreign currency
   denominated monetary items and adjusts their translation at the end of the reporting period for a 5% (2022:
   5%) change in foreign currency rates. The sensitivity analysis includes financial assets at FVTPL, derivative
   financial instruments, loan receivable, bank balances, trade and other payables, bank borrowings and deferred
   consideration payables of which the foreign currency exposures are not hedged with hedging instruments.
   A positive/negative number below indicates an increase/decrease in post-tax profit for the year where the
   functional currencies of the relevant group entities strengthen 5% (2022: 5%) against the relevant foreign
   currencies. If there is a 5% (2022: 5%) weakening in functional currencies of the relevant group entities against
   the relevant foreign currencies, there would be an equal and opposite impact on the profit for the year:

                                                                                       2023                 2022
                                                                                    RMB'000              RMB'000
   RMB (as functional currency of the
    relevant group entities) against US$                                              (88,698)             (23,906)
   RMB (as functional currency of the
    relevant group entities) against EUR                                              (19,255)              (1,258)
   RMB (as functional currency of the
    relevant group entities) against HK$                                              24,547               45,701


   In management's opinion, the sensitivity analysis is unrepresentative of the inherent foreign exchange risk as
   the year end exposure at the end of the reporting period does not reflect the exposure during both years.




                                                                         CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         158
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




      36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
            Financial risk management objectives and policies - continued

            Market risk - continued

            Other price risk management

            The Group is exposed to equity price risk through its investments in equity securities. The Group's equity price
            risk is mainly concentrated on equity instruments operating in pharmaceutical industry sector quoted in the
            LSE, ENV and NYSE.

            Sensitivity analysis

            The following details the Group's sensitivity to a 10% (2022: 10%) increase and decrease in the quoted market
            price of the equity securities. 10% (2022: 10%) is the sensitivity rate used when reporting other price risk
            internally to key management personnel and represents management's assessment of the reasonably possible
            change in the quoted market price of the equity securities measured at FVTOCI. If there is a 10% (2022:10%)
            higher/lower in the quoted market price of the equity securities, the other comprehensive income would be
            increased/decreased by RMB3,855,000 (2022: RMB6,400,000).

            The management considers that the other price risk in respect of financial asset at FVTPL is minimal due to the
            insignificant balance as at 31 December 2023 and 2022.

            Credit risk and impairment assessment

            Credit risk refers to the risk that the Group's counterparties default on their contractual obligations resulting in
            financial losses to the Group. The Group's credit risk exposures are primarily attributable to trade and other
            receivables, bank balances, amounts due from associates and loan receivables. The Group does not hold any
            collateral or other credit enhancements to cover its credit risks associated with its financial assets.

            In order to minimise the credit risk, management of the Group has delegated a team responsible for
            determination of credit limits and credit approvals. Before accepting any new customer, the Group assess
            the potential customer's credit quality and defines credit limits by customer. Limits attributed to customers
            are reviewed once a year. Other monitoring procedures are in place to ensure that follow-up action is taken
            to recover overdue debts. In this regard, the directors of the Company consider that the Group's credit risk
            is significantly reduced. In addition, the Group performs impairment assessment under ECL model on trade
            balances individually or based on provision matrix based on share credit risk characteristics by reference to
            repayment history for recurring customers and current past due exposure for the new customers.

            Except for the derivative financial instruments, financial assets at FVTPL and equity instruments at FVTOCI, the
            Group performed impairment assessment for financial assets and other items under ECL model.




159   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                      (CONTINUED)
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
   Financial risk management objectives and policies - continued

   Credit risk and impairment assessment - continued

   Trade receivables arising from contracts with customers

   Before accepting any new customer, the Group uses an internal credit scoring system to assess the potential
   customer's credit quality and defines credit limits by customer. Limits and scoring attributed to customers
   are reviewed every year. Other monitoring procedures are in place to ensure that follow-up action is taken to
   recover overdue debts. The Group only accepts bills issued or guaranteed by reputable PRC banks, if trade
   receivables are settled by bills and therefore the management of the Group considers the credit risk arising from
   the endorsed or discounted bills is insignificant.

   The Group's concentration of credit risk by geographical locations is mainly in the PRC, which almost
   accounted for 100% (2022: 100%) of the total trade receivables as at 31 December 2023. In order to minimise
   the credit risk, the management of the Group has delegated a team responsible for determination of credit
   limits and credit approvals.

   In addition, the Group performs impairment assessment under ECL model on trade balances individually
   or based on provision matrix. Except for credit-impaired trade receivables, the remaining trade receivables
   are grouped under a provision matrix based on shared credit risk characteristics by reference to repayment
   histories for recurring customers and current past due exposure for new customers and forward-looking
   information. Impairment of RMB82,000 (2022: RMB45,000) is recognised for the year ended 31 December
   2023. Details of the quantitative disclosures are set out below in this note.

   Bank balances

   Credit risk on bank balances is limited because the counterparties are reputable banks with high credit ratings
   assigned by international credit agencies. The Group assessed 12m ECL for bank balances by reference
   to information relating to probability of default and loss given default of the respective credit rating grades
   published by external credit rating agencies. Based on this, the 12m ECL on bank balances is considered to be
   insignificant.

   Amounts due from associates

   The Group regularly monitors the business performance of the associate. The Group's credit risk in this balance
   is mitigated through the value of the assets held by this entity and the power to participate in the financial and
   operating policy decision of this entity. The Group assessed the loss allowance for trade related balance with
   the associate on lifetime ECL basis and non-trade related balance with the associate on 12m ECL basis. The
   Group performs impairment assessment under ECL model on this trade balance individually and the directors
   of the Company believe that there are no significant increases in credit risk at the reporting date of these
   amounts and the trade receivables due from the associates have been subsequently settled. For the years
   ended 31 December 2023 and 2022, the Group assessed the ECL for amounts due from associates to be
   insignificant and thus no loss allowance was recognised.


                                                                         CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          160
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




      36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
            Financial risk management objectives and policies - continued

            Credit risk and impairment assessment - continued

            Other receivables and deposits

            For other receivables and deposits, the directors of the Company make periodic individual assessment on the
            recoverability of other receivables and deposits based on historical settlement records, past experience, and
            also quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable and forward-looking information
            available without undue costs or effort. The directors of the Company believe that there is no significant
            increase in credit risk at the reporting date of these amounts since initial recognition. During the year ended 31
            December 2023, impairment loss of RMB6,713,000 (2022: nil) was recognised.

            Loan receivable

            The Group has a policy for assessing the impairment on loans receivables on individual basis. These debtors
            include a supplier of the Group and an entity in which the Group has invested in its equity interest and
            accounted for as equity instrument at fair value through other comprehensive income. The ECL rates are
            estimated based on the credit quality classification and forward-looking information, including but not limited
            to the financial status of each borrower. During the year ended 31 December 2023, impairment loss of
            RMB35,414,000 (2022: nil) was recognised.

            The Group's internal credit risk scoring assessment comprises the following categories:


            Internal                                                                                   Other
            credit rating Description                                        Trade receivables         financial assets
            Normal risk   The counterparty has either a low risk of          Lifetime ECL -            12m ECL
                          default and does not have any past-due             not credit-impaired
                          amounts or frequently settles after due
                          dates but usually settle in full

            Doubtful       There have been significant increases in          Lifetime ECL -            Lifetime ECL -
                           credit risk since initial recognition through     not credit-impaired       not credit-impaired
                           information developed internally or external
                           resources

            Loss           There is evidence indicating the asset is         Lifetime ECL -            Lifetime ECL -
                           credit-impaired                                   credit-impaired           credit-impaired
            Write-off      There is evidence indicating that the debtor      Amount is written off     Amount is written off
                           is in severe financial difficulty and the Group
                           has no realistic prospect of recovery




161   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                   (CONTINUED)
                                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
   Financial risk management objectives and policies - continued

   Credit risk and impairment assessment - continued

   The tables below detail the credit risk exposures of the Group's financial assets, which are subject to ECL
   assessment:

                                                   Internal
                                                    credit             12m or                  2023                  2022
                                             Notes rating          lifetime ECL       Gross carrying amount Gross carrying amount
                                                                                       RMB'000 RMB'000 RMB'000 RMB'000
   Financial assets at amortised cost

   Trade receivables                           22    Note 1         Lifetime ECL -
                                                                not credit-impairment
                                                                  Provision matrix    1,150,397           1,445,612
                                                      Loss         Credit-impaired        6,373 1,156,770     6,066 1,451,678
   Bills receivables (Note 2)                  22    Low risk        12m ECL            180,960               269,579
   Amounts due from
    associates (Notes 2 and 3)                 24    Low risk        12m ECL             30,000                30,000
                                                                  Lifetime ECL -
                                                                Not credit-impaired     408,167    438,167    328,072    358,072


   Bank balances (Note 2)                      25    Low risk        12m ECL           4,311,058             4,376,376


   Other receivables and deposits (Note 2)     22    Low risk        12m ECL             98,663               120,584


   Loan receivable (Note 2)                          Low risk        12m ECL             35,945                70,168
                                                      Loss        Credit-impaired        35,414     71,359          -     70,168


   Notes:

   (1)      For trade receivables, the Group has applied the simplified approach in IFRS 9 to measure the loss
            allowance at lifetime ECL. Except for credit-impaired balances, the Group determines the expected
            credit losses on these items by using a provision matrix, grouped by internal credit rating.

            Provision matrix - internal credit rating

            As part of the Group's credit risk management, the Group applies internal credit rating for its customers.
            The following table provides information about the exposure to credit risk for trade receivables which
            are assessed based on provision matrix as at 31 December 2023 and 2022 within lifetime ECL (not
            credit-impaired). Debtors with credit-impaired with gross carrying amount of RMB6,373,000 as at 31
            December 2023 (2022: RMB6,066,000) were assessed individually.




                                                                                      CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         162
                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




      36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
            Financial risk management objectives and policies - continued

            Credit risk and impairment assessment - continued

            Notes:- continued

            (1)   - continued

                  Gross carrying amount
                                                                          2023                          2022
                                                                    Average          Trade        Average          Trade
                    Internal credit rating                         loss rate   receivables       loss rate   receivables
                                                                                 RMB'000                       RMB'000

                    Normal risk                                       0.3%      1,135,568           0.2%      1,391,932
                    Doubtful                                          3.3%         14,829           2.7%         53,680
                                                                                1,150,397                     1,445,612


                  The estimated loss rates are estimated based on historical observed default rates over the expected life
                  of the debtors and are adjusted for forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or
                  effort. The grouping is regularly reviewed by management to ensure relevant information about specific
                  debtors is updated.

                  During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group provided RMB82,000 (2022: RMB45,000)
                  impairment allowance for trade receivables based on provision matrix. Impairment allowance of
                  RMB10,514,000 (2022: RMB65,000) were made on credit-impaired debtors.

                  The following table shows the movement in lifetime ECL that has been recognised for trade receivables
                  under the simplified approach.

                                                                    Lifetime ECL      Lifetime ECL
                                                                     (not credit-        (credit-
                                                                      impaired)        impaired)            Total
                                                                       RMB'000          RMB'000            RMB'000

                    As at 1 January 2022                                     3,532              6,001              9,533
                    Impairment losses recognised                                45                 65                110
                    As at 31 December 2022                                   3,577              6,066              9,643
                    Impairment losses recognised                                82             10,514             10,596
                    Write-offs                                                   -            (10,207)           (10,207)
                    As at 31 December 2023                                   3,659              6,373            10,032




163   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                       (CONTINUED)
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
   Financial risk management objectives and policies - continued

   Credit risk and impairment assessment - continued

   Notes: - continued

   (1)   - continued

         Gross carrying amount - continued

         The Group writes off a trade receivable when there is information indicating that the debtor is in severe
         financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, e.g. when the debtor has been placed
         under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings, or when the trade receivables are over
         three years past due, whichever occurs earlier. The Group has taken legal action against the debtors to
         recover the amount due.

   (2)   The Group assessed the loss allowance for bills receivables, other receivables, bank balances, amounts
         due from associates and loan receivable on 12m ECL basis. In determining the ECL of the bank
         balances, the Group has taken into account the counterparties are reputable banks with high credit
         ratings assigned by international credit agencies and forward-looking information as appropriate. The
         Group assessed 12m ECL for bank balances by reference to information relating to probability of default
         and loss given default of the respective credit rating grades published by external credit rating agencies
         and the management considers that the expected credit loss on the bank balances is immaterial. In
         determining the ECL other than the bank balances, the Group has taken into account the historical
         default experience and forward-looking information as appropriate, including changes in growth rate
         of gross domestic product of the PRC. There had been no significant increase in credit risk since initial
         recognition. The Group has considered the consistently low historical default rate in connection with
         payments and concluded that the expected credit loss on these balances is immaterial.

   (3)   The Group assessed the loss allowance for amounts due from associates with trade nature on lifetime
         ECL basis. In determining the ECL, the Group has taken into account the value of the assets held by
         this entity and the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decision of this entity. There
         had been no significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. The Group has considered the
         consistently low historical default rate in connection with payments and concluded that the expected
         credit loss on these balances is immaterial.

         The Group rebuts the presumption of default under ECL for trade receivables over 90 days past due
         based on the strong financial position with good repayment records of those customers and continuous
         business relationship with the Group.




                                                                          CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          164
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




      36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
            Financial risk management objectives and policies - continued

            Liquidity risk

            In the management of the liquidity risk, the Group monitors and maintains a level of cash and cash equivalents
            deemed adequate by the management to finance the Group's operations and mitigate the effects of
            fluctuations in cash flows. The management of the Group monitors the utilisation of bank borrowings and
            ensures compliance with loan covenants.

            The Group relies on bank borrowings as a significant source of liquidity. As at 31 December 2023, the
            Group has available unutilised banking facilities of approximately RMB2,550,000 (2022: RMB2,027,858,000)
            respectively. Details of which are set out in note 29.

            The following table details the Group's remaining contractual maturity for its financial liabilities and derivative
            instruments. The table has been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities based
            on the earliest date on which the Group can be required to pay. The maturity dates for non-derivative financial
            liabilities are based on the agreed repayment dates.

            The table includes both interest and principal cash flows. To the extent that interest flows are floating rate, the
            undiscounted amount is derived from current interest rate at the end of the reporting period.

            In addition, the following table details the Group's liquidity analysis for its derivative financial instruments, The
            tables have been drawn up based on the undiscounted contractual net cash (inflows) and outflows on derivative
            instruments that settle on a net basis. The liquidity analysis for the Group's derivative financial instruments
            are prepared based on the contractual settlement dates as the management of the Group considers that the
            settlement dates are essential for an understanding of the timing of the cash flows of derivatives.

                                                      Weighted   Repayable on                         Total         Carrying
                                                      average     demand or                       undiscounted     amount at
                                                      interest     less than         1 to 5           cash        31 December
                                                        rate        1 year           years           flows            2023
                                                          %        RMB'000          RMB'000         RMB'000         RMB'000
            As at 31 December 2023
            Non-derivative financial liabilities
            Trade and other payables                      -             333,968               -         333,968         333,968
            Deferred consideration payables             10.00             1,000               -           1,000           1,000
            Variable-rate bank borrowings               3.80            705,477               -         705,477         679,650
            Fixed-rate bank borrowings                  2.65            605,635               -         605,635         590,000
            Lease liabilities                           4.75             16,736          17,676          34,412          32,087

                                                                      1,662,816          17,676       1,680,492       1,636,705

            Derivative financial liabilities
            Foreign exchange forward contracts                           17,227               -          17,227          17,227




165   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    (CONTINUED)
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
   Financial risk management objectives and policies - continued

   Liquidity risk - continued
                                          Weighted Repayable on                           Total      Carrying
                                          average   demand or                         undiscounted  amount at
                                          interest   less than           1 to 5           cash     31 December
                                            rate      1 year             years           flows         2022
                                             %       RMB'000            RMB'000         RMB'000      RMB'000
   As at 31 December 2022
   Non-derivative financial liabilities
   Trade and other payables                    -             395,860            -         395,860        395,860
   Deferred consideration payables          10.00              1,000        1,000           2,000          1,909
   Variable-rate bank borrowings             2.60          1,806,270            -       1,806,270      1,783,337
   Obligation arising from put options      8.00                   -      175,133         175,133        163,773
   Lease liabilities                         4.75             15,514       15,893          31,407         29,295
                                                           2,218,644      192,026       2,410,670      2,374,174
   Derivative financial liabilities
   Foreign exchange forward contracts                            562              -           562            562


   Interest rate benchmark reform

   As listed in note 29, one of the Group's HIBOR bank loans will or may be subject to the interest rate benchmark
   reform. The Group is closely monitoring the market and managing the transition to new benchmark interest
   rates, including announcements made by the relevant IBOR regulators.

   HIBOR

   While the Hong Kong Dollar Overnight Index Average ("HONIA") has been identified as an alternative to HIBOR,
   there is no plan to discontinue HIBOR. The multi-rate approach has been adopted in Hong Kong, whereby
   HIBOR and HONIA will co-exist. The Group's bank loans linked to HIBOR will continue till maturity and hence,
   not subject to transition.

   (i)   Risks arising from the interest rate benchmark reform

         The following are the key risks for the Group arising from the transition:

         Interest rate related risks

         There are fundamental differences between IBORs and the various alternative benchmark rates. IBORs
         are forward looking term rates published for a period (e.g., 3 months) at the beginning of that period and
         include an inter-bank credit spread, whereas alternative benchmark rates are typically risk-free overnight
         rates published at the end of the overnight period with no embedded credit spread. These differences
         will result in additional uncertainty regarding floating rate interest payments.



                                                                          CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED       166
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




      36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
            Interest rate benchmark reform - continued

            (i)    Risks arising from the interest rate benchmark reform - continued

                   Liquidity risk

                   The additional uncertainty on various alternative rates which are typically published on overnight basis
                   will require additional liquidity management. The Group's liquidity risk management policy has been
                   updated to ensure sufficient liquid resources to accommodate unexpected increases in overnight rates.

                   Litigation risk

                   If no agreement is reached to implement the interest rate benchmark reform on contracts which have
                   not been transitioned to the relevant alternative benchmark rates (e.g. arising from differing interpretation
                   of existing fallback terms), there is a risk of prolonged disputes with counterparties which could give rise
                   to additional legal and other costs. The Group is working closely with all counterparties to avoid this from
                   occurring.

                   Interest rate basis risk

                   Interest rate basis risk may arise if a non-derivative instrument and the derivative instrument held to
                   manage the interest risk on the non-derivative instrument transition to alternative benchmark rates at
                   different times. This risk may also arise where back-to-back derivatives transition at different times. The
                   Group will monitor this risk against its risk management policy which has been updated to allow for
                   temporary mismatches of up to 12 months and transact additional basis interest rate swaps if required.

            (ii)   Progress towards implementation of alternative benchmark interest rates

                   As part of the Group's risk management for transition, new contracts entered into by the Group are
                   linked to the relevant alternative benchmark rates or interest rates which are not subject to reform to the
                   extent feasible. Otherwise, the Group ensured the relevant contracts include detailed fallback clauses
                   clearly referencing the alternative benchmark rate and the specific triggering event on which the clause
                   is activated.

                   During the year, for a floating rate loan that is linked to HIBOR, the Group had confirmed with the
                   relevant counterparty HIBOR will continue to maturity.

                   The following table shows the total amounts of outstanding contracts and the progress in completing
                   the transition to alternative benchmark rates as at 31 December 2023. The amounts of liabilities are
                   shown at their carrying amounts and derivatives are shown at their notional amounts.




167   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                (CONTINUED)
                                                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
   Interest rate benchmark reform - continued

   (ii)   Progress towards implementation of alternative benchmark interest rates - continued

                                                           Carrying                                      Transition
          Financial                                        amounts/                                      progress for
          instruments                                      notional         Hedge                        financial
          prior to transition          Maturing in         amounts          accounting                   instruments
                                                           RMB$'000

          Bank loans linked to         13 September        679,650          Designated in cash           HIBOR will continue
           HIBOR                       2024                                  flow hedge                   till maturity

   Fair value measurements of financial instruments

   (i)    Fair value of the Group's financial assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis

          Some of the Group's financial assets and financial liabilities are measured at fair value at the end of each
          reporting period. The following table gives information about how the fair values of these financial assets
          and financial liabilities are determined (in particular, the valuation technique(s) and inputs used) as well as
          the level of the fair value hierarchy into which the fair value measurements are categorised (Levels 1 to 3)
          based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements is observable.

          Level 1 fair value measurements are those derived from quoted prices (unadjusted) in active market for
          identical assets or liabilities at measurement date;

          Level 2 fair value measurements are those derived from inputs other than quoted prices included within
          Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived
          from prices); and

          Level 3 fair value measurements are those derived from valuation techniques that include inputs for the
          asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).

                                                                                       Valuation                Significant
          Financial                                                       Fair value   technique(s)             unobservable
          assets/liabilities               Fair value as at               hierarchy    and key input(s)         inputs
                                      31/12/2023         31/12/2022

          1) Interest rate      Nil                   Assets -               Level 2   Discounted cash          Nil
             swaps classified                         RMB8,901,000                     flow. Future cash
             as derivative                                                             flows are estimated
             financial                                                                 based on forward
             instruments                                                               interest rates (from
                                                                                       observable yield
                                                                                       curves at the end of
                                                                                       the reporting period)
                                                                                       and contracted
                                                                                       interest rates,
                                                                                       discounted at a
                                                                                       rate that reflects the
                                                                                       credit risk of various
                                                                                       counterparties.




                                                                               CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED             168
                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




      36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
            Fair value measurements of financial instruments - continued
            				
            (i)     Fair value of the Group's financial assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis - continued


                                                                                                Valuation                 Significant
                    Financial                                                      Fair value   technique(s)              unobservable
                    assets/liabilities                  Fair value as at           hierarchy    and key input(s)          inputs
                                               31/12/2023             31/12/2022

                    2) Foreign             Liabilities -        Assets              Level 2     Discounted cash           Nil
                       exchange                                 -RMB33,120,000                  flow. Future cash
                                           RMB17,227,000                                        flows are estimated
                       forward                                  Liabilities -
                       contracts                                                                based on forward
                       classified as                            RMB562,000                      exchange rate and
                       derivative                                                               contracted exchange
                       financial                                                                rate, discounted at a
                       instruments                                                              rate that reflects the
                                                                                                credit risk of various
                                                                                                counterparties.

                    3) Equity              Listed equity      Listed equity         Level 1     Quoted bid prices in      Nil
                       instruments at      securities on the  securities on the                 an active market
                       FVTOCI - listed     LSE, ENV, NYSE and LSE, ENV and NYSE-
                       equity securities   NASDAQ-            RMB64,001,000
                                           RMB38,549,000


                    4) Equity            Unlisted equity        Unlisted equity     Level 3     Market approach           The ratio of
                       instruments at    investments -          investments -                   by applying market        market capital
                       FVTOCI - unlisted RMB125,344,000                                         multiples such as the     to net book
                                                                RMB233,047,000                  ratio of market capital
                       equity securities                                                                                  value from
                                                                                                to net book value         comparable
                                                                                                from comparable           companies
                                                                                                companies

                    5) Financial asset     Listed equity        Nil                 Level 1     Quoted bid prices in      Nil
                       at FVTPL - listed   securities on the                                    an active market.
                       equity securities   HKEX -
                                           RMB2,602,000


                    6) Financial asset at Assets -              Assets -            Level 3     Direct comparison –       Recent
                       FVTPL - capital                                                          reference to market       transaction
                                          RMB843,190,000        RMB734,102,000
                       funds                                                                    evidence of recent        prices of
                                                                                                transaction prices of     underlying
                                                                                                the underlying            investments
                                                                                                investments


                    7) Financial asset at Assets -              Assets -            Level 2     Recent Transaction        Nil
                       FVTPL - unlisted RMB510,536,000                                          method, quoted bid
                                                                RMB445,935,000                  prices in an inactive
                       equity securities
                                                                                                market

                    8) Financial assets    Assets -             Assets -            Level 3     Market approach           The ratio of
                       at FVTPL -                                                               by applying market        market capital
                                           RMB475,930,000       RMB311,299,000                  multiples such as the
                       unlisted equity                                                                                    to net book
                       securities                                                               ratio of market capital   value from
                                                                                                to net book value         comparable
                                                                                                from comparable           companies
                                                                                                companies




169   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                         (CONTINUED)
                                                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
   Fair value measurements of financial instruments - continued

   (ii)    Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements


                                                       Equity           Financial
                                                  instruments at        assets at
                                                     FVTOCI              FVTPL                            Total
                                                     RMB'000            RMB'000                          RMB'000
           As at 1 January 2022                           44,638            639,132                         683,770
           Purchases                                            -           332,077                         332,077
           Disposal                                        (2,841)                -                           (2,841)
           Transfers into level 2                               -          (115,725)                       (115,725)
           Transfers into level 3 from level 2           191,076            117,387                         308,463
           Total gains
            - in profit                                          -            72,530                           72,530
            - in other comprehensive income                    174                 -                              174
           As at 31 December 2022                         233,047         1,045,401                         1,278,448
           Purchases                                            -           145,505                           145,505
           Disposal                                             -            (20,343)                          (20,343)
           Transfers into level 3 from level 2                  -           131,879                           131,879
           Total gains
            - in profit                                          -            16,678                           16,678
            - in other comprehensive income               (107,703)                -                         (107,703)
           As at 31 December 2023                         125,344         1,319,120                         1,444,464



   (iii)   Fair value of the Group's financial assets and financial liabilities that are not measured at fair value on a
           recurring basis (but fair value disclosures are required)

           The directors of the Company consider that the carrying amounts of financial assets and financial
           liabilities recorded at amortised cost in the consolidated financial statements approximate their fair
           values.




                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          170
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




      37. RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING
          ACTIVITIES
            The table below details changes in the Group's liabilities arising from financing activities, including both cash
            and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flows were, or
            future cash flows will be, classified in the Group's consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows used in
            financing activities.

                                                                Deferred                                          Obligation
                                                Bank          consideration    Dividend           Lease           rising from
                                             borrowings         payables       payables        liabilities       put options      Total
                                              RMB'000           RMB'000        RMB'000          RMB'000            RMB'000       RMB'000
                                              (note 29)                        (note 13)        (note 27)

            At 1 January 2022                  1,677,573              2,736             -           34,732           152,413      1,867,454
            Financing cash flows                  (88,435)           (1,000)   (1,276,239)         (18,948)                -     (1,384,622)
            Acquisition of a subsidiary             3,000                 -             -                -                 -          3,000
            Dividends declared                          -                 -     1,276,239                -                 -      1,276,239
            Finance costs                          35,455               173             -            2,098            11,360         49,086
            Net foreign exchange loss            155,744                  -             -                -                 -        155,744
            Commencement of new leases                  -                 -             -           11,413                 -         11,413

            At 31 December 2022                1,783,337              1,909             -           29,295            163,773     1,978,314
            Financing cash flows                 (553,190)           (1,000)   (1,360,363)         (20,285)          (116,300)   (2,051,138)
            Dividends declared                           -                -     1,360,363                -                  -     1,360,363
            Finance costs                          42,997                91             -            2,216                947        46,251
            Net foreign exchange gain               (3,494)               -             -                -                  -         (3,494)
            Commencement of new leases                   -                -             -           20,861                  -        20,861
            Repurchase shares from non-
             controlling interest                        -                -                -                 -        (48,420)      (48,420)

            At 31 December 2023                1,269,650             1,000                 -       32,087                   -    1,302,737



      38. CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
                                                                                                         2023                       2022
                                                                                                      RMB'000                    RMB'000
            Capital expenditure in respect of the acquisition of
             below items contracted for but not provided in the
             consolidated financial statements
             - property, plant and equipment                                                                 -                        576
             - financial assets at FVTPL                                                               669,080                    773,150
             - interests in associate                                                                   37,466                     53,883


      39. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
            Balances and transactions between the Company and its subsidiaries, which are related financial parties of
            the Company, have been eliminated on consolidation and are not disclosed in this note. Details of transactions
            between the Group and other related parties are disclosed below, in addition to the transactions and balances
            disclosed elsewhere in the consolidated financial statements.


171   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     (CONTINUED)
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




39. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS - continued
   (a)   The Group entered into the following transactions with related parties during the year:
         Name of
         related company         Relationship      Nature of transactions                2023                2022
                                                                                     RMB'000             RMB'000
         Tibet Pharmaceutical    Associate         Promotion income                 1,618,832           1,316,329
         Tibet Pharmaceutical    Associate         Purchase of goods                       36                 611
         ETC                     Associate         Purchase of goods                    8,131                   -
         ETC                     Associate         Promotion income                    13,183                   -
         Shenzhen Mediportal
          Health Medical
          Internet Limited       Related party     Service fee                          5,173                    -
         A&B (HK) Company
          Limited                Related party     Royalty expenses                       352                    -

   (b)   Pursuant to a transfer agreement dated 16 February 2004 (as supplemented by a supplemental
         agreement dated 2 November 2004) and a further agreement dated 16 December 2007 between
         Shenzhen Kangzhe and Kangzhe Pharmaceutical Research and Development (Shenzhen) Limited
         ("Kangzhe R&D")", the Group acquired the production, marketing and sales rights and the related
         patents of CMS024 from Kangzhe R&D, of which 83.23% equity interest is indirectly held by a
         controlling shareholder as at 31 December 2022 and the date of this report. Pursuant to the terms of
         the agreement, as consideration for the transfer of CMS024, Shenzhen Kangzhe paid US$3.1 million
         to Kangzhe R&D as compensation for the actual research and development costs incurred by Kangzhe
         R&D, and further agreed to pay a royalty fee of 13% of the quarterly sales revenue generated by the
         Group after CMS024 is successfully launched. The Group has appointed Kangzhe R&D to carry out
         further research and development related to CMS024, and Kangzhe R&D has undertaken to complete
         all the clinical trials and prepare the documents necessary for and assist the Group in the application for
         a new-drug permit for CMS024. The Group had terminated the development of CMS024. The Group
         has not paid any fee to Kangzhe R&D during the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022.

   (c)   On 8 May 2015, A&B entered into agreements with Faron Pharmaceuticals, Ltd ("Faron"), to acquire
         15.72% of the shareholding of Faron, assets related to a drug, Traumakine in China (including Hong
         Kong SAR, Macau SAR and Taiwan) (the "Territory"), intellectual properties related to Traumakine from
         the Territory and the right to exchange Traumakine information with Faron.


         On 19 May 2015, the Group entered into agreements with A&B and/or Faron respectively, to acquire the
         assets related to Traumakine in the Territory (the "Acquisition of Assets"). The consideration for above
         transfer will be further negotiated and agreed between A&B and the Group at a later stage prior to the
         launch of Traumakine in the Territory, the amount would be calculated with reference to the net sales of
         Traumakine in the Territory.

         The Acquisition of Assets was not yet completed up to the date of this report and the Group has not
         paid any consideration to A&B in respect of this acquisition during the years ended 31 December 2023
         and 2022.


                                                                        CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          172
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




      39. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS - continued
            (d)   On 31 July 2018, the Group entered into an asset transfer and license agreement with Acticor.
                  According to the terms of such agreement, the Group acquired all assets (the "Assets of ACT017")
                  related to Acticor's product ACT017 and any follow-up products developed on the basis of the same
                  compound of ACT017 (the "Product of ACT017") in China (including Hong Kong SAR, Macau SAR
                  and Taiwan), Singapore, Philippines, Republic of Korea, Malaysia and other designated Asian countries
                  (excluding Japan, India and Western Asia countries) (the "Asia Pacific Territory") in consideration of an
                  upfront payment of EUR50,000 (equivalent to RMB384,000) which has been paid as at 31 December
                  2018. Such amount has been included in deposits paid for acquisition of intangible assets (see note
                  23) as at 31 December 2023 and 2022. The Assets of ACT017 include without limitation all the know-
                  how, intellectual property or the right of application for the intellectual property, necessary regulatory
                  approvals, documents, dossiers, data or information exclusive for Asia Pacific Territory and other rights
                  as necessarily required to develop, register, manufacture and commercialise the Product of ACT017
                  in the Asia Pacific Territory. In addition, the Group also acquired all the necessary licenses related to
                  the transaction under this agreement in consideration of (1) a royalty at a fixed rate on the basis of the
                  net sales of Product of ACT017 generated in Asia Pacific Territory and (2) lump sum payments with
                  varied fixed amount, each payable upon the first achievement of respective net sales stipulated in the
                  agreement.

            (e)   On 14 August 2018, the Group entered into an asset transfer and license agreement with Blueberry
                  Therapeutics Limited ("Blueberry"), which is one of Group's unlisted equity investments under note 20(b)
                  (iii). According to the terms of such agreement, the Group has acquired all related assets of Blueberry's
                  leading product BB2603 (for the treatment of onychomycosis and tinea pedis) in China (including Hong
                  Kong SAR Macau SAR and Taiwan), Republic of Korea and Mongolia (the "Asia Territory") and the
                  Group further acquired access to all related assets of other pipeline products being or to be developed
                  subsequently by Blueberry utilizing its unique nano formulation delivery system in dermatology and other
                  fields (such as products used for treating atopic dermatitis and acne, etc., together with the product
                  BB2603 as the "Product of BB2603") in the Asia Territory in consideration of (1) an upfront payment of
                  USD600,000 (equivalent to RMB4,090,000), (2) fixed lump sum payments upon the achievement of the
                  pre-determined milestones stipulated in the agreement and (3) a royalty at a fixed rate on the basis of
                  the net sales of Product of BB2603 in Asia Territory. The aforementioned assets include, among others,
                  all the national patents covering the development, commercialization and formulation of the Product of
                  BB2603, national trademarks and necessary regulatory approvals in or for the Asia Territory.

                  As the milestone as well as the commercialisation of Product of BB2603 has not yet been achieved as at
                  31 December 2023 and 2022, the Group has only paid the upfront payment of USD600,000 (equivalent
                  to RMB4,090,000) as the consideration for Product of BB2603 during year ended 31 December
                  2018. Such amount has been included in deposits paid for acquisition of intangible assets (see note
                  23) as at 31 December 2023 and 2022. During the year ended 31 December 2023, the amount of
                  RMB4,090,000 was fully impairment.




173   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                       (CONTINUED)
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




39. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS - continued
   (f)   On 20 August 2018, the Group entered into a framework asset transfer agreement with A&B relating
         to the portable neurostimulation devices (the "Product of PoNS") developed by or for Helius Medical
         Technologies group ("Helius"), which is one of Group's unlisted equity investments under note 20(b)
         (iii). According to the terms of such agreement, the Group has agreed to acquire from A&B all assets
         related to the Product of PoNS (the "Assets of PoNS") in the Territory (the "Transaction of PoNS").
         The Assets were originally purchased by A&B from Helius, in which A&B has equity interest. Both the
         Group and A&B have not agreed on the definitive terms and conditions of the Transaction, including
         the consideration for the transfer of the Assets of PoNS under the agreement. The Group and A&B will
         further negotiate and agree on the terms of the Transaction at a later stage prior to the launch of the
         Product of PoNS in the Territory. As at 31 December 2023, the Group and A&B has not yet negotiated
         and agreed on the terms of the Transaction of PoNS and the Group has not paid any consideration to
         A&B in respect of the Transaction of PoNS during the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022.

   (g)   On 20 August 2018, the Group entered into a framework asset transfer agreement with A&B relating to
         the pharmaceutical preparation, formulation, dosage form, or delivery vehicle, containing or comprising
         NRL-1 etc. and/or line extensions developed by or for Neurelis, Inc. (“Neurelis”) (collectively, the “Product
         of NRL-1”). Neurelis is one of Group’s unlisted equity investments under note 20(b)(iii). According to
         terms of such agreement, the Group has agreed to acquire from A&B all assets related to the Product
         of NRL-1 (the “Assets of NRL-1”) in the Territory (the “Transaction of NRL-1”). A&B obtained the Assets
         of NRL-1 from its related entity which in turn obtained the Assets of NRL-1 from Neurelis. As at 31
         December 2023, the Group and A&B had negotiated and agreed on the terms of the Transaction
         of NRL-1, the Group has agreed to pay A&B a royalty payment of up to US$0.6 per Unit of NRL-
         1 imported into or sold in the Territories, and the Group has agreed to pay A&B a royalty payment of
         9.0% on the net sales of NRL-1 sold by the Group in the Territories. The Group has accrual amount of
         RMB352,000 of royalty expense during the year ended 31 December 2023.

   (h)   On 19 September 2018, the Group entered into license and collaboration agreement with VAXIMM
         AG ("VAXIMM"), which is one of Group's unlisted equity investments under note 20(b)(iii) and was sold
         during the year ended 31 December 2022. According to the terms of such agreement, the Group
         gained exclusive, perpetual, transferable, sub-licensable rights to develop and commercialize the current
         pharmaceutical products portfolio and line extension of or under the control of VAXIMM (the current
         leading product is VXM01) as well as designated pharmaceutical products and line extension that will
         be solely owned and under the control of VAXIMM (the "Product of VXM01") in Asia Pacific Territory in
         consideration of (1) fixed lump sum payments upon the achievement of the pre-determined milestones
         stipulated in the agreement, (2) lump sum payments with varied fixed amount, each payable upon the
         first achievement of respective net sales stipulated in the agreement and (3) a royalty at a fixed rate on
         the basis of the net sales of Product of VXM01 in Asia Pacific Territory. As Product of VXM01 has not yet
         been commercialised, the Group has not paid any consideration in relation to Product of VXM01 during
         years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022.




                                                                          CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          174
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




      39. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS - continued
            (i)   On 29 January 2019, the Group entered into a license, collaboration and distribution agreement
                  with Biodexa. According to the terms of such agreement, the Group will gain exclusive, perpetual,
                  transferable, sub-licensable rights to develop and commercialise Biodexa’s current products mainly
                  including MTD201, MTX110 (subject to receipt of consent from Secura Bio) and any new pharmaceutical
                  products or line extension, the intellectual property rights and other rights of which Biodexa controls
                  and which Biodexa or its affiliates have given a codename within three years from 29 January 2019 (the
                  “Products”) in China (including Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, Macao Special Administrative
                  Region and Taiwan) and certain Southeast Asian countries selected by the Group (including Singapore,
                  Philippines, Malaysia and other countries, subject to confirmation by the Group once a regulatory
                  approval is granted by the US Food and Drug Administration, the European Medicines Agency or by one
                  of the regulatory authorities in one of the UK, France, Germany or Switzerland). As Products have not
                  yet been commercialised, the Group has not paid any consideration in relation to Products during year
                  ended 31 December 2023 and 2022.

            (j)   During the year ended 31 December 2017, the Group entered into an agreement with Destiny.
                  According to the terms of such agreement, the Group will gain exclusive sub-licensable rights to develop
                  and commercialise Destiny's current products mainly including XF-73 (the "Products of XF-73") in Asia
                  Pacific Territory. As Products of XF-73 have not yet been commercialised, the Group has not paid any
                  consideration in relation to Products during year ended 31 December 2023 and 2022.

            (k)   The key management personnel includes solely the directors of the Company and the compensation
                  paid to them as disclosed in note 9.


      40. RETIREMENT BENEFITS SCHEMES
            The employees of the Group's subsidiary in the PRC are members of the state-managed retirement benefit
            schemes operated by the PRC government. The PRC subsidiaries are required to contribute a certain
            percentage of their payroll to the retirement benefit schemes to fund the benefits. The only obligation of the
            Group with respect to the retirement benefit schemes is to make the required contributions under the schemes.

            The employees employed in Hong Kong are required to join the Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme (the "MPF
            Scheme"). Contributions to the MPF Scheme are made in accordance with the statutory limits prescribed by
            the Mandatory Provident Fund Ordinance of Hong Kong.

            The employees employed in Macau are required to join the Social Security Fund (the "FSS"). Contributions to FSS
            are made in accordance with the statutory limits prescribed by the Social Security System of Macau.

            The employees employed in Dubai are required to be entitled to gratuity based on the years of services under
            the labour law of United Arab Emirates Ministry of Human Resources and Emiratisation.

            During the year, the total expense recognised in the profit or loss for the above schemes amounted to
            RMB280,021,000 (2022: RMB217,855,000).


175   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     (CONTINUED)
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




41. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT SCHEME
   The 2009 Scheme was adopted by the Board on 31 July 2009 ("Adoption Date"). Unless terminated earlier by
   the Board, the 2009 Scheme shall be valid and effective for a term of 20 years commencing on the Adoption
   Date. Pursuant to the rules of the 2009 Scheme, the Company set up a trust through a trustee (the "Trustee"),
   Fully Profit Management (PTC) Limited, for the purpose of administration the 2009 Scheme. A summary of
   some of the principal terms of the 2009 Scheme is set out in below.

   (a)   The purpose of the 2009 Scheme is to recognise the contributions by certain employees who have
         been actively involved in the business development of the Group and to establish and maintain a
         superannuation fund for the purpose of providing retiring allowances for certain employees (including
         without limitation employees who are also directors) of the Group, and to give incentive in order to retain
         them for the continual operation and development of the Group.

   (b)   Under the 2009 Scheme, the Board of Directors (the "Board") may, from time to time, at its absolute
         discretion and subject to such terms and conditions as it may think appropriate select an employee
         (the "Member") who completed 10 years' services in the Group (subject to consent of the Board if the
         employee completed 5 years' services in the Group) for participation in the 2009 Scheme for 10 years
         after retirement (the "Payment Year") (subject to adjustment set out in (d) below).

   (c)   The Company will, on a yearly basis, contribute the sum equal to an amount not less than 0.5%, but
         no more than 3% of its after tax profits shown on the audited consolidated financial statements of the
         Group, or issue such number of shares of the Company to the Trustee in consideration of payment of
         such amount as the Board may determine with reference to the aforesaid contribution as against the
         then market value of the shares of the Company (the "Yearly Contributions"), subject to the Board's
         approval.

   (d)   The amount payable to the Members depends on the value of the assets held by the Trustee (the
         "Fund"). If the value of the Fund is less than the aggregate amount of contributions previously made by
         the Company, the amount payable to the Members and the Payment Year will be adjusted by a factor
         derived from the value of the Fund and the aggregate amount of contributions previously made by the
         Company. The only obligation of the Company is to make the Yearly Contributions to the Fund. As such,
         the 2009 Scheme is classified as defined contribution scheme.

   On 22 December 2016, the Board has resolved to adopt two new employee incentive schemes, with details as
   follows:

   (a)   The Bonus Scheme

         i.     This scheme is for the purpose of providing discretionary cash bonuses to selected employees of
                the Group to recognise their contribution to the Group.
         ii.    This scheme is open to the employees employed by the Group, except for the directors of the
                Company.




                                                                        CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          176
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




      41. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT SCHEME - continued
            (b)   The New KEB Scheme

                  i.     i.The New KEB Scheme will replace the 2009 Scheme and shall comprise terms which are
                         substantially similar to the 2009 Scheme, except for the ratio of contribution, which was
                         determined by the audited consolidated financial performance.
                  ii.    The subsisting rights of all participants under 2009 Scheme will be rolled over to the New KEB
                         Scheme.

            For the purposes of effecting the merger and facilitating the administration of the Bonus Scheme and the
            New KEB Scheme, the Company has resolved to set up a new trust comprising the Bonus Scheme and KEB
            Scheme (collectively referred to as the "Master Scheme"). Unless terminated earlier by the Board, the Master
            Scheme shall be valid and effective until the later of the termination of the Bonus Scheme or the New KEB
            Scheme. The term of each of the Bonus Scheme and the New KEB Scheme is 20 years subject to the terms
            of their respective scheme rules. TMF Trust (HK) Limited ("TMF"), a company incorporated in Hong Kong, is
            appointed as the initial trustee of the new trust (the "New Trustee").

            A summary of some of the principal terms of the Bonus Scheme is set out in below:


            (a)   The Company will, on a yearly basis, contribute the sum equal to an amount of 0% to 15% on the net
                  profit growth on the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group ("Annual Contribution"),
                  subject to the approval from the Benefit Scheme Executive Committee, comprising executive directors
                  of the Company. No contribution will be made by the Company if there is no growth on the net profit in
                  the year.

            (b)   The amount payable to the members of the Bonus Scheme in a financial year depends on a variety of
                  factors, including the value of the assets held by the New Trustee (the "New Fund"), the appreciation
                  in the value of the assets held under the New Fund, the financial performance of the Group and the
                  performances of individual employees during the year. The New Fund is independent from the Company
                  and the change in value of the New Fund has no impact on the Group's financial performance and
                  financial position. The only obligation of the Company is to make the Annual Contributions to the New
                  Fund subject to the terms of the scheme rules of the Bonus Scheme. The Bonus Scheme is classified
                  as a discretionary scheme of the Company. No employee benefit expenses were recognised by the
                  Company and the Group for both years.

            During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Company recognised an expense of RMB5,160,000 (2022:
            RMB5,760,000) on the Master Scheme based on the Group's financial performance, in which such amount
            was recognised as employee benefit expenses in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
            comprehensive income.




177   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                 (CONTINUED)
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




42. ACQUISITIONS OF SUBSIDIARIES
   For the year ended 31 December 2022

   (a)   Acquisition of Shanghai Xuli Medical Devices Company Limited ("Xuli")


         On 8 December 2021, the Group entered into an equity transfer agreement with independent third
         parties to acquire 100% equity interest in Xuli from independent third parties at a consideration of
         RMB43,374,000. Xuli focuses on the field of medical aesthetic products and aiming to provide Chinese
         beauty-loving people with global high-quality medical aesthetic products, equipment and services. The
         purpose of the acquisition is to acquire medical aesthetic products rights owned by Xuli for enriching
         the portfolio of the Group's medical aesthetic products. The acquisition was completed on 21 January
         2022 and accounted for as acquisition of business using the acquisition method.

         Assets acquired and liabilities recognised at the date of acquisition:

                                                                                                    RMB'000

         Property, plant and equipment                                                                     26
         Intangible assets                                                                              5,248
         Inventories                                                                                  12,764
         Trade and other receivables                                                                    3,782
         Bank balances and cash                                                                         1,371
         Bank borrowings                                                                               (3,000)
         Trade and other payables                                                                      (5,237)
         Tax payable                                                                                     (844)
         Deferred tax liabilities                                                                      (1,312)
                                                                                                      12,798


         The receivables acquired (which principally comprised trade receivables) with a fair value of
         RMB3,782,000 at the date of acquisition had gross contractual amounts of RMB3,782,000, being the
         best estimate of the contractual cash flows expected to be collected at acquisition date.

         Goodwill arising on acquisition:

                                                                                                     RMB'000

         Consideration transferred                                                                     43,374
         Less: fair value of identifiable net assets acquired                                         (12,798)

         Goodwill arising on acquisition                                                              30,576




                                                                      CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED       178
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




      42. ACQUISITIONS OF SUBSIDIARIES - continued
            For the year ended 31 December 2022 - continued

            (a)   Acquisition of Shanghai Xuli Medical Devices Company Limited ("Xuli") - continued


                  Goodwill arose in the acquisition of Xuli was attributable to the synergistic effect of the promotion
                  network generated from the combination. In addition, the consideration paid for the combination
                  effectively included amounts in relation to the benefit of revenue growth, management team, sale and
                  promotion channel and future market development of Xuli. These benefits did not meet the recognition
                  criteria for identifiable intangible assets, therefore were recognised as goodwill.

                  None of the goodwill arising on these acquisitions is expected to be deductible for tax purposes.

                  Net cash outflow arising on acquisition:

                                                                                                                 RMB'000

                    Consideration paid in cash during the year
                     ended 31 December 2022                                                                       28,374
                    Less: cash and cash equivalent balances acquired                                               (1,371)
                                                                                                                  27,003


                  Impact of acquisition on the results of the Group:

                  Included in the profit for the year ended 31 December 2022 was loss of RMB13,312,000 attributable
                  to the additional business generated by Xuli. Revenue for the year ended 31 December 2022 included
                  RMB49,976,000 generated from Xuli.

                  Had the acquisition of Xuli been completed at 1 January 2022, the revenue of the Group for the year
                  ended 31 December 2022 would have been RMB9,152,693,000, and the profit for the period would
                  have been RMB3,274,374,000. The pro forma information is for illustrative purposes only and is not
                  necessarily an indication of revenue and results of operations of the Group that actually would have been
                  achieved had the acquisition been completed at 1 January 2022, nor is intended to be a projection of
                  future results.

                  In determining the 'pro-forma' revenue and profit of the Group had Xuli been acquired at the beginning
                  of the current period, the directors have calculated depreciation and amortisation of plant and equipment
                  and intangible assets acquired on the recognised amounts of property, plant and equipment and
                  intangible assets at the date of acquisition.




179   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                (CONTINUED)
                                                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




42. ACQUISITIONS OF SUBSIDIARIES - continued
   For the year ended 31 December 2022 - continued

   (b)   Acquisition of Heling Medical (Guangzhou) Company Limited ("Heling")


         On 19 August 2022, the Group entered into an equity transfer agreement with independent third
         parties to acquire 60% equity interest in Heling from independent third parties at a consideration of
         RMB9,000,000. Heling focuses on the research, development and production of dermatology-grade
         skincare products. The acquisition consists with the Group's strategy to continuously expand into
         the medical aesthetic field. The acquisition was completed on 19 August 2022 and accounted for as
         acquisition of business using the acquisition method.

         Consideration transferred:

                                                                                                   RMB'000
         Cash                                                                                        2,000
         Capital injection                                                                           7,000
                                                                                                       9,000


         Assets acquired and liabilities recognised at the date of acquisition:

                                                                                                   RMB'000
         Intangible assets                                                                           1,597
         Other receivables                                                                           7,000
         Bank balances and cash                                                                          6
         Trade and other payables                                                                     (268)
         Deferred tax liabilities                                                                     (399)
                                                                                                      7,936


         Goodwill arising on acquisition:

                                                                                                   RMB'000
         Consideration transferred                                                                    9,000
         Add: non-controlling interest (40% in Heling)                                                3,174
         Less: fair value of identifiable net assets acquired                                        (7,936)
         Goodwill arising on acquisition                                                               4,238




                                                                     CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED       180
                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




      42. ACQUISITIONS OF SUBSIDIARIES - continued
            For the year ended 31 December 2022 - continued

            (b)   Acquisition of Heling Medical (Guangzhou) Company Limited ("Heling") - continued


                  Goodwill arose in the acquisition of Heling was attributable to the synergistic effect of the promotion
                  network generated from the combination. In addition, the consideration paid for the combination
                  effectively included amounts in relation to the benefit of revenue growth, management team, sale
                  and promotion channel and future market development of Heling. These benefits did not meet the
                  recognition criteria for identifiable intangible assets, therefore were recognised as goodwill.

                  None of the goodwill arising on these acquisitions is expected to be deductible for tax purposes.

                  Non-controlling interests

                  The non-controlling interests in Heling recognised at the acquisition dates were measured by reference
                  to the non-controlling interests' proportionate share of the recognised amount of the net assets and
                  amounted to RMB3,174,000.

                  Net cash outflow arising on acquisition:

                                                                                                                RMB'000
                    Consideration paid in cash during the year
                     ended 31 December 2022                                                                           2,000
                    Less: cash and cash equivalent balances acquired                                                      (6)
                                                                                                                      1,994


                  Impact of acquisition on the results of the Group:

                  Included in the loss for the year ended 31 December 2022 was RMB16,000 attributable to the additional
                  business generated by Heling.

                  Had the acquisition of Heling been completed at 1 January 2022, the revenue of the Group for the year
                  ended 31 December 2022 would have been RMB9,150,357,000, and the profit for the period would
                  have been RMB3,275,933,000. The pro forma information is for illustrative purposes only and is not
                  necessarily an indication of revenue and results of operations of the Group that actually would have been
                  achieved had the acquisition been completed at 1 January 2022, nor is intended to be a projection of
                  future results.

                  In determining the 'pro-forma' revenue and profit of the Group had Heling been acquired at the
                  beginning of the current period, the directors have calculated amortisation of intangible assets acquired
                  on the recognised amounts of intangible assets at the date of acquisition.




181   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   (CONTINUED)
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




43. DEEMED DISPOSAL OF A SUBSIDIARY
   For the year ended 31 December 2023

   In February 2023, the Group entered into a shareholder agreement with the other shareholders of Xili
   Pharmaceutical, which was a subsidiary of the Group at the time, pursuant to which the Articles of Association
   of Xili Pharmaceutical was amended in which unanimous consent from the board of directors of Xili
   Pharmaceutical is required for all operating decisions. Accordingly, the directors of the Company concluded
   that the control over Xili Pharmaceutical was given up on that date. The investment on Xili Pharmaceutical
   was considered deemed disposed and was accounted for as an investment in a joint venture using the equity
   method afterward. The net assets of Xili Pharmaceutical at the date of deemed disposal were as follows:

   Analysis of assets and liabilities over which control was given up:

                                                                                                      RMB'000
   Property, plant and equipment (Note 15)                                                                8,974
   Right-of-use assets                                                                                    9,906
   Intangible assets (Note 18)                                                                           63,129
   Goodwill (Note 19)                                                                                  118,090
   Deferred tax assets (Note 31)                                                                          1,199
   Inventories                                                                                           42,122
   Trade and other receivables                                                                           49,257
   Cash and cash equivalents                                                                             11,155
   Trade and other payables                                                                             (43,373)
   Tax payable                                                                                             (357)
   Deferred tax liabilities (Note 31)                                                                   (16,777)
                                                                                                       243,325


   Gain on deemed disposal of a subsidiary:

                                                                                                      RMB'000

   Net assets disposed of                                                                              (243,325)
   Non-controlling interests                                                                             23,164
   Fair value of equity interest retained in Xili Pharmaceutical
    at the date of deemed disposal (Note 17(b))                                                        220,161
   Gain on deemed disposal                                                                                     -




                                                                       CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        182
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




      44. PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY
            As at 31 December 2023 and 2022, the details of the Company's principal subsidiaries are set as follows:

                                         Place of                      Issue and
                                         incorporation/                 fully paid
                                         establishment               share capital/                        Equity interest
            Name of subsidiaries         and operation            registered capital                     held by the Group              Principal activities
                                                            31 December          31 December       31 December        31 December
                                                                2023                 2022               2023               2022
                                                                                                Directly Indirectly Directly Indirectly
            CMS International            British Virgin         US$10,000           US$10,000 100%           -        100%       -     Investment holding
                                          Island
            Kangzhe Hunan                PRC                RMB36,750,000       RMB36,750,000      -       100%        -      100%     Production of
             (wholly-owned                                                                                                              medicines
             domestic enterprise)

            Tibet Kangzhe Enterprise     PRC                RMB10,000,000       RMB10,000,000      -       100%        -      100%     Investment holding
             Management Co. Ltd.
             (wholly-owned domestic
             enterprise)
            Shenzhen Kangzhe             PRC               RMB350,000,000      RMB350,000,000      -       100%        -      100%     Marketing,
             (wholly foreign-owned                                                                                                      promotion
             enterprise)                                                                                                                and sale of drugs

            Sino Talent                  Hong Kong                    HK$1               HK$1      -       100%        -      100%     Investment holding
            Sky United                   Hong Kong                   HK$10              HK$10      -       100%        -      100%     Trading of drugs
            Kangzhe Pharmaceutical       PRC                RMB50,000,000       RMB50,000,000      -       100%        -      100%     Investment holding
             Investment Co., Ltd.
             (wholly-owned domestic
             enterprise)
            Tianjin Kangzhe              PRC               RMB500,000,000      RMB500,000,000      -       100%        -      100%     Marketing,
             (wholly foreign-owned                                                                                                      promotion
              enterprise)                                                                                                               and sale of drugs

            Xili Pharmaceutical          PRC                 N/A (note17(b))    RMB11,360,000      -       N/A         -     52.01% Production of
             (sino-foreign                                                                              (note17(b))                  medicines
              equity joint venture)

            Tibet Kangzhe                PRC               RMB100,000,000      RMB100,000,000      -       100%        -      100%     Marketing,
             Development                                                                                                                promotion
             (wholly-owned                                                                                                              and sale of drugs
             domestic enterprise)
            CMS Bridging Limited         Hong Kong        HK$1,000,000,000 HK$1,000,000,000        -       100%        -      100%     Investment holding
            CMS Medical Venture          British Virgin         US$50,000           US$50,000      -       100%        -      100%     Investment holding
             Investment Limited           Island
            CMS Medical Venture          Hong Kong        HK$2,268,542,500             HK$100      -       100%        -      100%     Investment holding
             Investment (HK) Limited
            CMS International            Macau            MOP$113,340,100 MOP$113,340,100          -       100%        -      100%     Trading of drugs
             Development and
             Management Limited

            CMS Pharma DMCC              Dubai              DH104,490,000       DH104,490,000      -       100%        -      100%     Trading of drugs
            CMS Bridging DMCC            Dubai              DH261,220,000       DH261,220,000      -       100%        -      100%     Investment holding
            CMS Aesthetics DMCC          Dubai                   DH50,000            DH50,000      -       100%        -       96%     Trading of drugs
            Luqa Ventures Co., Limited   Hong Kong           HK$8,847,825        HK$8,847,825      -       100%        -       96%     Trading of medical
                                                                                                                                        aesthetics products
            Shanghai Carnation Medical   PRC                 RMB2,842,105        RMB2,842,105      -      64.81%       -      62.2%    Research and
             Technology Co., Ltd                                                                                                        development of
             (wholly foreign-owned                                                                                                      medical aesthetics
             enterprise)                                                                                                                devices
            Shanghai Kangzhe Aesthetics PRC                 RMB10,000,000       RMB10,000,000      -       100%        -       96%     Marketing and
             Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd                                                                                                    promotion of drugs
             (wholly foreign-owned
             enterprise)
            Hainan Kangzhe Aesthetics    PRC               RMB145,000,000      RMB145,000,000      -       100%        -       96%     Marketing, promotion
             Technology Co., Ltd                                                                                                        and sale of drugs
             (wholly foreign-owned
             enterprise)


183   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                                   (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                   FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




44.     PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY - continued
                                     Place of                    Issue and
                                     incorporation/               fully paid
                                     establishment             share capital/                          Equity interest
      Name of subsidiaries            and operation          registered capital                      held by the Group              Principal activities
                                                       31 December        31 December         31 December         31 December
                                                           2023               2022                 2023                2022
                                                                                            Directly Indirectly Directly Indirectly
      Shenzhen Kangzhe               PRC              RMB200,000,000 RMB200,000,000            -      100%         -       100%    Investment holding
       Zhiyuan Enterprise
       Management Co., Ltd
       (wholly foreign-owned
       enterprise)

      Hainan Kangzhe Venture         PRC              RMB787,050,000 RMB520,050,000            -      100%         -       100%    Investment holding
       Capital Co. Ltd (wholly
       foreign-owned enterprise)

      CMS Skinhealth Limited         Hong Kong                  HK$1              HK$1         -      100%         -       96%     Trading of drugs
      (formley known as CMS
      Aesthetics Limited)

      Luqa Business Development      Hong Kong                  HK$1              HK$1         -      100%         -       96%     Trading of drugs
       Limited

      Shanghai Xuli Medical          PRC              RMB10,000,000     RMB10,000,000          -      100%         -       96%     Trading of medical
      Devices Company Limited                                                                                                       aesthetics products
      (wholly-owned domestics
      enterprise)

      Heling Medical (Guangzhou)     PRC               RMB3,000,000      RMB3,000,000          -       60%         -      57.6%    Research and
      Company Limited                                                                                                               development of
      (wholly-owned domestics                                                                                                       skincare products
      enterprise)

      Hainan Kangzhe Vision          PRC              RMB 90,000,000                    -      -      100%         -         -     Trading of drugs
      Technology Co., Ltd
       (wholly foreign-owned
       enterprise)

      CMS Visition International     Macau                MOP22,500                     -      -      100%         -         -     Trading of drugs
      Management Limited

      CMS Skinhealth International   Macau                MOP22,500                     -      -      100%         -         -     Trading of drugs
      Business Limited



      The above table lists the subsidiaries of the Company, in the opinion of the directors of the Company, which
      principally affected the results or assets of the Group. To give details of other subsidiaries would, in the opinion
      of the directors of the Company, result in particulars of excessive length.

      None of the subsidiaries had issued any debt securities at the end of the year.




                                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED                        184
                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




      45. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY
                                                                                             2023                   2022
                                                                                          RMB'000                RMB'000
            Non-current asset
             Interests in subsidiaries                                                   4,950,359              4,289,164
            Current assets
             Amount due from a subsidiary                                                            -          2,000,000
             Derivative financial instruments                                                        -             21,794
             Bank balances and cash                                                              5,754             39,618
                                                                                                 5,754          2,061,412
            Current liabilities
             Amount due to a subsidiary                                                      2,958                  2,958
             Other payables and accruals                                                    13,122                  3,027
             Bank borrowings                                                             1,269,650              1,281,886
             Derivative financial instruments                                               17,227                    562
                                                                                         1,302,957              1,288,433
            Net current (liabilities) assets                                             (1,297,203)              772,979
            Total assets less current liabilities                                        3,653,156              5,062,143
            Capital and reserves
             Share capital (note 33)                                                        83,991                 83,991
             Reserves                                                                    3,569,165              4,978,152
            Total equity                                                                 3,653,156              5,062,143


            Movement in reserves

                                                     Share         Capital       Accumulated      Dividend
                                                    premium        reserve          profits        reserve       Total
                                                    RMB'000       RMB'000         RMB'000         RMB'000       RMB'000

            Balance at 1 January 2022               2,153,817         6,960       1,710,572         557,594     4,428,943
            Repurchase of ordinary shares              (48,196)           -               -               -        (48,196)
            Profit and total comprehensive
             income for the year                              -              -    1,873,644                -     1,873,644
            Dividends paid                                    -              -     (718,645)        (557,594)   (1,276,239)
            Dividends proposed                                -              -     (591,910)         591,910             -
            Balance at 31 December 2022             2,105,621         6,960       2,273,661         591,910     4,978,152
            Loss and total comprehensive
             expense for the year                             -              -        (48,624)             -        (48,624)
            Dividends paid                                    -              -      (768,453)       (591,910)   (1,360,363)
            Dividends proposed                                -              -      (191,991)        191,991              -
            Balance at 31 December 2023             2,105,621         6,960       1,264,593         191,991     3,569,165




185   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2023
