CONTENTS
CORPORATE INFORMATION...................................................................................................................................        1

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS.........................................................................................................................................   2

BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS. ........................................................................................................................................   3

MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS. .......................................................................................................                     5

OTHER INFORMATION............................................................................................................................................ 26

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME..... 31

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION................................................................. 32

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY................................................................. 34

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS............................................................................. 35

NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. .......................................................... 36
    CORPORATE INFORMATION


    Board of Directors                                       Principal Bankers
    Executive Directors                                      China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
    Mr. LAM Kong                                             The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited
    Ms. CHEN Yanling                                         Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited

    Independent Non-Executive Directors                      Registered Office
    Mr. LEUNG Chong Shun                                     Maples Corporate Services Limited
    Ms. LUO Laura Ying                                       PO Box 309
    Mr. FUNG Ching Simon                                     Ugland House
    Mr. LEE Sien Liang, Joseph (Appointed with effect from   Grand Cayman, KY1-1104
    29 June 2026 )                                           Cayman Islands

    Company Secretary                                        Headquarters and Principal Place
    Ms. WU Sanyan                                            of Business in Hong Kong
                                                             Unit 2106, 21/F
    Authorized Representatives                               Island Place Tower
    Ms. WU Sanyan                                            510 King’s Road
    Mr. LAM Kong                                             North Point
                                                             Hong Kong
    Audit Committee
    Mr. FUNG Ching Simon (Chairman)                          Principal Contact Address in the PRC
    Mr. LEUNG Chong Shun                                     6F - 8F, Block B, Majialong Chuangxin Building
    Ms. LUO Laura Ying                                       198 Daxin Road
                                                             Nanshan District
    Remuneration Committee                                   Shenzhen 518052
    Mr. LEUNG Chong Shun (Chairman)                          Guangdong Province
    Ms. LUO Laura Ying                                       The PRC
    Mr. FUNG Ching Simon
                                                             Branch Share Registrar in Hong Kong
    Nomination Committee                                     Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
    Ms. LUO Laura Ying (Chairman)                            Shops 1712-1716, 17/F, Hopewell Centre
    Mr. LAM Kong                                             183 Queen’s Road East
    Mr. LEUNG Chong Shun                                     Wan Chai
    Mr. FUNG Ching Simon                                     Hong Kong

    Environmental, Social and                                Singapore Share Transfer Agent
    Governance Committee                                     In.Corp Corporate Services Pte. Ltd.
    Ms. CHEN Yanling (Chairman)                              36 Robinson Road
    Mr. LEUNG Chong Shun                                     #20-01 City House
    Mr. FUNG Ching Simon                                     Singapore 068877
    Ms. LUO Laura Ying (Appointed with effect from 16
    March 2026 )                                             Stock Code
                                                             Hong Kong: 867
    Auditors                                                 Singapore: 8A8
    Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
    Registered Public Interest Entity Auditors               Company’s Website
                                                             www.cms.net.cn



1   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
    INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                            FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS


•   Turnover up 12.5% to RMB4,500.7 million (H1 2025: RMB4,002.0 million); in the case that all medicines were
    directly sold by the Group, turnover up 14.4% to RMB5,341.4 million (H1 2025: RMB4,669.6 million)

•   Gross profit up 11.4% to RMB3,220.6 million (H1 2025: RMB2,891.9 million); in the case that all medicines were
    directly sold by the Group, gross profit up 11.5% to RMB3,212.3 million (H1 2025: RMB2,881.7 million)

•   Profit for the period up 4.3% to RMB971.5 million (H1 2025: RMB931.5 million)

•   Basic earnings per share up 4.7% to RMB0.4075 (H1 2025: RMB0.3892)

•   As at 30 June 2026, the Group’s bank balances and cash amounted to RMB2,571.9 million

•   Declared interim dividend per share of RMB0.1634 (H1 2025: RMB0.1555), representing an increase of 5.1% and
    demonstrating the commitment to rewarding shareholders for their trust. In addition, during the six months ended
    30 June 2026 (the "Reporting Period"), the Group executed share repurchases based on the strong confidence
    in its long-term value, and approximately 6.4 million shares had been repurchased at an aggregate consideration
    of approximately HK$67.9 million.




                                                                          CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        2
                                                                                           INTERIM REPORT 2026
    BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS


    In the first half of 2026, the phased results of CMS’s growth engine transition became further evident: sales from
    products impacted by the national volume-based procurement (VBP) largely stabilized, while innovative and
    exclusive products served as key drivers of the Group's growth, propelling steady increases in both turnover and
    profit for the period. Specifically, the revenue of innovative and exclusive products totaled RMB1,698.7 million,
    representing a 19.7% year-on-year growth and accounting for 37.7% of total turnover (H1 2025: RMB1,419.1 million,
    accounting for 35.5% of turnover). In the case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group, sales of innovative
    and exclusive products totaled RMB1,709.2 million, representing a 20.5% year-on-year growth and accounting for
    32.0% of total turnover (H1 2025: RMB1,419.1 million, accounting for 30.4% of turnover). Innovation achievements
    were continuously delivered: 3 innovative drugs were approved for marketing, New Drug Applications (NDA) for 5
    innovative drugs (covering 6 indications) were under regulatory review, Investigational New Drug (IND) applications
    for 3 self-developed products (covering 5 indications) were approved, and 1 new collaboration project was added,
    with the collaboration products being 1 innovative intravenous iron product and 1 originator intravenous iron product
    already marketed in China. Overall, the innovative pipeline and product portfolio progressed as planned. Meanwhile,
    the Group further solidified its scale advantages in specialty therapeutic areas, while making continuous progress in
    product registration and commercialization validation across its industrial internationalization business, laying a more
    solid foundation for high-quality, sustainable growth.

    Key Business Progress During the Reporting Period:
    3 Innovative Drugs Approved for Marketing in China
    •   Silevimig Injection - approved for marketing in June 2026, the world’s first fully human dual-epitope specific
        antibody against the rabies virus

    •   Desidustat Tablets - approved for marketing in March 2026, a novel oral Hypoxia-Inducible Factor Prolyl
        Hydroxylase Inhibitor (HIF-PHI) for treating anaemia in non-dialysis adult chronic kidney disease (CKD) patients

    •   Lumirix (ruxolitinib phosphate cream) for vitiligo - approved for marketing in January 2026, the first topical JAK
        inhibitor approved in China for vitiligo

    2 New Drug Applications (NDAs) Accepted; a Total of 5 Innovative Drugs (Covering 6
    Indications) Under NDA Review
    •   Comekibart Injection (MG-K10) - NDA for seasonal allergic rhinitis accepted in April 2026; expected to be the first
        long-acting (dosing once every four weeks) anti-IL-4Rα humanized monoclonal antibody approved in China

    •   Lumirix (ruxolitinib phosphate cream) - China NDA for Atopic Dermatitis (AD) accepted in February 2026, the first
        topical JAK inhibitor approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)

    The Other 4 NDAs under Review:
    •   Loberamisal for Injection (Y-3 for Injection) - the world’s first multi-target brain cytoprotective agent targeting
        PSD95-nNOS and MPO

    •   Comekibart Injection (MG-K10) - AD

    •   Benzgalantamine Gluconate Enteric-coated Tablets (ZUNVEYL) - the second oral therapy approved by the U.S.
        FDA for the treatment of Alzheimer’s disease in over a decade

    •   Vecantoxatug Injection - a recombinant humanized monoclonal antibody against tetanus neurotoxin which
        delivers superior protection compared with human tetanus immunoglobulin (HTIG)




3   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
    INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                                                         BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS
                                                                                                        (CONTINUED)




3 Self-Developed Products (Covering 5 Indications) Received IND Application Approvals
•   CMS-D001 Tablets (TYK2 Inhibitor) - approved for drug clinical trials for ulcerative colitis and Crohn’s disease in
    May 2026

•   CMS-D008 Injection (a siRNA therapy targeting and inhibiting INHBE) - approved for drug clinical trials for
    overweight or obese in March 2026

•   CMS-D017 Capsules (Complement Factor B Inhibitor) - approved for drug clinical trials for paroxysmal nocturnal
    hemoglobinuria and complement-mediated kidney disease in January and February 2026, respectively

New Collaboration
In April 2026, the Group entered into an agreement with Pharmacosmos A/S to collaborate on one marketed
innovative intravenous iron product and one marketed originator intravenous iron product in China.
•   Innovative Drug Iron Isomaltoside Injection (“Monofer”) - China’s first third-generation intravenous iron therapy,
    with single-dose full iron replenishment of 1,000 mg+, enabling faster improvement in hemoglobin levels,
    providing a better safety profile

•   Iron Dextran Injection (“Cosmofer”) - As of the end of the Reporting Period, the only intravenous iron therapy
    included in Category A of the National Reimbursement Drug List (NRDL) and the National Essential Medicines
    List (NEML) in China

Sustainability Achievements
•   The MSCI ESG Rating was upgraded from AA to AAA (the highest rating), placing the Group among the
    sustainability leaders in the global pharmaceuticals industry

•   Included in The S&P Global Sustainability Yearbook 2026 and The S&P Global Sustainability Yearbook (China
    Edition) 2026, reflecting recognition of the Group’s overall sustainability competitiveness by the leading global
    ESG assessment institution




                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         4
                                                                                             INTERIM REPORT 2026
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION
    AND ANALYSIS

    Company Overview
    China Medical System Holdings Limited (the “Company”, together with its subsidiaries, the “Group” or “CMS”) is
    an innovative pharmaceutical company focused on the identification, building, and full-lifecycle management of
    differentiated specialty pharmaceuticals. With a dual-engine approach of in-house R&D and collaborative R&D, and
    leveraging its core capability to build markets and brands from the ground up, the Group enables each medicine to
    fully realize both its clinical value and commercial value.

    The Group has established an end-to-end capability loop across the full product lifecycle—precisely identifying
    quality innovation targets, matching them with optimal development pathways, and efficiently advancing clinical
    development and registration; developing medical strategies aligned with clinical needs, and driving scaled clinical
    adoption through a professional academic promotion system and network.




    The Group focuses on advantaged specialties including cardiovascular-kidney-metabolic (CKM), central nervous
    system (CNS), gastroenterology, ophthalmology, and skin health. Through professional academic promotion and
    academic resources across multiple disease areas, CMS has built sustainable scale advantages in specialties, with
    its skin health business becoming a leading player in its segment. Meanwhile, CMS continues to strengthen its
    international replication capabilities, validating the transferability of its business model in emerging markets such as
    Southeast Asia and the Middle East, and injecting long-term momentum for the Group’s high-quality, sustainable
    development.




5   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
    INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                         (CONTINUED)




Business Review
“Innovative + Exclusive” Portfolio Drives Dual Growth in Turnover and Profit for the Period
In the first half of 2026 (H1 2026), China’s pharmaceutical industry accelerated its restructuring along the core
trajectory of high-quality development. The clinical value-driven, end-to-end innovation support system was further
refined, establishing a clearer market access pathway and a broader commercial runway for innovative drugs with
differentiated clinical value. Concurrently, intensified anti-corruption and compliance measures propelled competition
back onto a virtuous track anchored in clinical value and compliant operations. Against the landscape of encouraging
innovation and enforcing compliance, the industry’s competitive focus has evolved from standalone R&D capabilities
into a comprehensive practice of full-lifecycle management strength spanning R&D, registration, market access,
commercialization, and compliance.

CMS has established an integrated, collaborative capability loop centering on six key stages across the product
lifecycle—Identify, Build, Validate, Strategize, Create, and Realize—achieving systematic connectivity from clinical
value discovery to realization, and continuously reinforcing its long-term moat. At the same time, leveraging its
product identification capability and robust free cash flow, the Group has developed a distinctive industrial investment
capability: through equity investments in high-quality biotechs, CMS works jointly with these investees to bring
products to market, and re-invests investment returns back into R&D. This creates a positive flywheel of “identifying
quality products — industrial investment — value realization — reinvesting into R&D.” In addition, the Group officially
launched the construction of an “AI-native organization”, using AI-driven execution as a systemic amplifier embedded
across every stage of the product lifecycle, re-architecting business processes, management systems, and
organizational capabilities, and accelerating the transition from traditional management to “intelligent governance”.

In the first half of 2026, the Group’s sales from products impacted by VBP stabilized. The Group’s “Innovative +
Exclusive” portfolio has become the core growth engine driving high-quality development, delivering dual growth
in both turnover and profit for the period. Turnover reached RMB4,500.7 million, representing a 12.5% year-on-year
increase (H1 2025: RMB4,002.0 million). In the case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group, turnover
amounted to RMB5,341.4 million, up 14.4% year-on-year (H1 2025: RMB4,669.6 million). Net profit for the period was
RMB971.5 million, up 4.3% year-on-year (H1 2025: RMB931.5 million).

During the Reporting Period, the quality of the Group’s sales further improved. The revenue of innovative and
exclusive products totaled RMB1,698.7 million, representing a 19.7% year-on-year growth and accounting for 37.7%
of total turnover (H1 2025: RMB1,419.1 million; 35.5% of turnover). In the case that all medicines were directly sold
by the Group, sales of innovative and exclusive products totaled RMB1,709.2 million, representing a 20.5% year-on-
year growth and accounting for 32.0% of total turnover (H1 2025: RMB1,419.1 million; 30.4% of turnover). Products
impacted by VBP (Deanxit, Ursofalk, and Plendil) were stable overall, with their revenue totaling RMB1,097.6 million,
increasing by 4.6% year-on-year and accounting for 24.4% of total turnover (H1 2025: 26.2%). in the case that all
medicines were directly sold by the Group, sales of products impacted by VBP totaled RMB1,143.8 million, increasing
by 3.9% year-on-year and accounting for 21.4% of total turnover (H1 2025: 23.6%).




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         6
                                                                                              INTERIM REPORT 2026
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
    (CONTINUED)




    I.A Dual-Track Innovation System: “In-House R&D” and “Collaborative R&D”
    Grounded in dual evaluations of both clinical and commercial value, the Group continuously “identifies” and
    deploys a specialty innovative pipeline focused on First-in-Class (FIC) and Best-in-Class (BIC) products. Based on
    product-specific attributes, the Group selects the optimal “building” pathway: collaborative R&D leverages global
    biotechnology forces to efficiently enrich the short-to-mid-term pipeline, while in-house R&D focuses on the early
    discovery of cutting-edge targets to build long-term, proprietary intellectual property moats. Through an efficient
    “validation” system spanning clinical strategy formulation, trial operations, and regulatory registration, CMS enables
    end-to-end advancement of drug candidates from preclinical stage to approval.

    Furthermore, the Group continues to advance its AI capability, deploying AI as a systemic execution amplifier to
    enhance the identification precision and validation efficiency across the innovative R&D system. During the Reporting
    Period, the Group entered into several innovative drug R&D collaborations in the fields of CNS and autoimmune
    with Insilico Medicine, a globally leading AI-driven biotechnology company. The collaborations integrate Insilico
    Medicine’s validated AI drug discovery platform with the Group’s specialty R&D expertise in relevant disease fields,
    with programs advanced by joint teams.

    Since 2026, the Group’s innovative pipeline has been efficiently converted into approvals: 3 new drugs were
    approved for marketing (Lumirix - Vitiligo, Silevimig Injection, and Desidustat Tablets), further enriching its commercial
    innovation matrix. Additionally, 5 innovative drugs (covering 6 indications) are currently under NDA review in China,
    including Loberamisal for Injection (Y-3 for Injection), Vecantoxatug Injection, Comekibart Injection (MG-K10 - AD and
    Seasonal Allergic Rhinitis), Benzgalantamine Gluconate Enteric-coated Tablets (ZUNVEYL), and Lumirix (ruxolitinib
    phosphate cream - AD), forming a robust and well-sequenced innovation pipeline. Furthermore, clinical development
    for 6 in-house R&D products (including CMS-D008, a siRNA therapy targeting and inhibiting INHBE, and CMS-D017,
    a complement factor B inhibitor, among others) is progressing steadily, building proprietary intellectual property
    barriers and securing long-term competitive advantages. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Group had 9
    commercialized innovative products and a pipeline of over 40 innovative products, of which 5 products (covering 6
    indications) are under NDA review, approximately 15 are in clinical stages, and over 20 are in preclinical stages.

    Leveraging its systematic innovation R&D capabilities, innovative products have become one of the Group’s core
    growth engines. As the differentiated innovation pipeline advances through successive commercial conversion, the
    Group is entering a period of continuous innovation payoff. Over the next three years, the Group expects to add at
    least 3 commercializable innovative or exclusive products annually on average. Looking ahead, as in-house pipeline
    candidates accelerate through clinical advancement, the number of innovative drugs approved for marketing is
    expected to increase further.




7   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
    INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                                                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                                                           (CONTINUED)




1.Major Innovative Pipeline
Innovative Products Approved for Marketing in China
                              Rights                                                                                            China Launch
          Product           Authorized              Indication                          Core Advantages                         /Collaboration NRDL
                             Region*                                                                                                 Date

                                             Passive immunization The world’s first fully human dual-
     Silevimig Injection                     for rabies virus     epitope specific antibody against the                              2026.6
                                             exposure in adults   rabies virus

                                                                          China’s first third-generation intravenous
     Iron Isomaltoside                **                                  iron therapy, with single-dose full iron      2026.4
          Injection                          Iron deficiency              replenishment of 1,000 mg+, enabling       (Collaboration
         (Monofer)                                                        faster improvement in hemoglobin levels,       Date)
                                                                          providing a better safety profile

                                                                          Novel oral HIF‑PHI with smooth
                                                                                                                                     2026.3
                                                                          hemoglobin improvement, favorable
    Desidustat Tablets                       Renal anaemia
                                                                          long-term safety, and the ability to
                                                                          correct disordered iron metabolism
        Ruxolitinib
                                                                                                                                     2026.1
                                                                          The first topical JAK inhibitor approved
     phosphate cream                         Nonsegmental vitiligo
                                                                          in China for the treatment of vitiligo
         (Lumirix)

       Methotrexate                          Rheumatoid arthritis (RA) China's first pre-filled methotrexate (MTX)                   2024.7
                                                                       injection for subcutaneous administration
         Injection
                                                                       for the treatment of RA and psoriasis, the
       (METOJECT)                            Psoriasis                 gold‑standard therapy for RA                                  2023.3

     Methylthioninium                                              China's first methylthioninium chloride
      Chloride Enteric-                                            enteric-coated sustained-release
                                                                                                                                     2024.6
                                             Enhance visualization
     coated Sustained-                                             tablets, providing an innovative solution
                                             of colorectal lesions
       release Tablets                                             to improve lesion detection rates during
         (Lumeblue)                                                colonoscopy

                                                                          China's first iron-based, non-calcium
                                                                                                                                    2024.2
       Sucroferric
                                                                          phosphate binder, reducing average
                                                                          daily pill burden by 52% and improving
      Oxyhydroxide
                                             Hyperphosphatemia                                                                   (Collaboration
                                                                          sP compliance rate by 95% versus
     Chewable Tablets
                                                                                                                                     Date)
      (VELPHORO)
                                                                          competitors

      Diazepam Nasal                                                      China's first Diazepam Nasal Spray,
           Spray                             Seizure clusters             providing immediate and convenient                         2023.6
        (VALTOCO)                                                         treatment for acute seizures episodes

                                                                          A monoclonal antibody specifically
       Tildrakizumab                                                      targeting the p19 subunit of IL-23,
                                                                          requiring only 4 administrations per year                  2023.5
                                             Moderate-to-severe
          Injection
                                             plaque psoriasis
        (ILUMETRI)                                                        during its maintenance period, with good
                                                                          long-term efficacy

        Designated Regions in Asia-Pacific, the Middle East and North Africa               Designated Asian Regions

        Mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan
*
 CMS’s rights are stated by Rights Authorized Region. CMS has NO development, commercialization or other product rights in unauthorized regions.
**
  Hong Kong Special Administrative Region(“Hong Kong”), Macau Special Administrative Region(“Macau”), and Taiwan Region are not included in the rights
authorized region of Monofer.
Please refer to local prescribing information for more information, including full safety information, on CMS’s marketed medicines, or on medicines marketed by
CMS’s collaboration partners.




                                                                                                      CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED                       8
                                                                                                                       INTERIM REPORT 2026
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
    (CONTINUED)




    Major Innovative Pipeline under Development
                              Rights                                                                                                                 Pre- Clinical         Phase Phase Marketing
          Products          Authorized                      Indication                      Core/Mechanistic Advantages                                        Trial Phase
                                                                                                                                                    clinical Approval  I     II    III Application     Marketed
                             Region*
         Ruxolitinib                     Atopic dermatitis                                  The first topical JAK inhibitor approved by the                                                                          **
      phosphate cream                                                                       U.S. FDA                                                                                                 (the U.S., the EU)

       Vecantoxatug                      Passive immunization against tetanus               Recombinant humanized anti-tetanus neurotoxin
         Injection                                                                          monoclonal antibody with superior efficacy to HTIG
     Benzgalantamine                                                                        The second oral therapy approved by the U.S.
     Gluconate Enteric-              #
                                         Alzheimer's disease                                FDA for the treatment of Alzheimer’s disease in
       coated Tablets                                                                       over a decade, demonstrating a potentially better                                                        (the U.S.)
        (ZUNVEYL)                                                                           gastrointestinal safety profile

                                                                                            The world’s first multi-target brain cytoprotective
                                                                                            agent targeting PSD95-nNOS and MPO, which
       Loberamisal for
          Injection                      Acute ischemic stroke                              achieved a 69.7% rate of excellent functional
      (Y-3 for Injection)                                                                   outcome at 90 days in patients with stroke, with
                                                                                            the potential to simultaneously prevent post-
                                                                                            stroke depression and anxiety

                                         AD in adults

                                         Seasonal allergic rhinitis
                     ***                                                                    Expected to be the first long-acting (dosing
    Comekibart Injection                 Asthma, prurigo nodularis, chronic                 once every four weeks) anti-IL-4Rα humanized
        (MG-K10)                         spontaneous urticaria, AD in adolescents           monoclonal antibody approved in China
                                         Chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps,
                                         eosinophilic esophagitis, chronic
                                         obstructive pulmonary disease
                                                                                            A next-generation, highly selective URAT1
                                   ##                                                       inhibitor with higher target attainment rates, faster
          ABP - 671                      Gout and hyperuricemia                             target attainment, and clear benefits in tophi
                                                                                            dissolution, expected to become the preferred
                                                                                            first-line urate-lowering therapy for patients with
                                                                                            gout and hyperuricemia

     Silevimig Injection                 Passive immunization for rabies virus              The world’s first fully human dual-epitope specific
                                         exposure in children aged 2 to <18 years           antibody against the rabies virus
                                         Hidradenitis suppurativa
        Povorcitinib                                                                        A selective oral small-molecule JAK1 inhibitor,
     Phosphate Tablets                   Nonsegmental vitiligo                              with the potential to provide a new treatment
       (povorcitinib)                                                                       option for patients suffering from autoimmune
                                                                                            and inflammatory dermatologic diseases
                                         Prurigo nodularis
                                         Intended for psoriasis
                                                                                            Inhibiting the pathological processes of
       TYK2 Inhibitor                    Intended for atopic dermatitis                     autoimmune diseases while reducing the impact
        (CMS-D001)                       Intended for ulcerative colitis                    on other JAK family kinases, potentially offering
                                                                                            both efficacy and safety
                                         Intended for Crohn’s disease

       GnRH Receptor                                                                        No “flare-up effect”, rapidly and competitively
         Antagonist                      Intended for uterine fibroids                      binding to the GnRH receptor and blocking its
        (CMS-D002)                                                                          activation; providing reversible effect with gonadal
                                                                                            function expected to recover after drug withdrawal
     GLP-1R/GCGR Dual                                                                       Expected to reduce weight through appetite
          Agonist                        Intended for overweight/obesity                    suppression, and enhance lipolysis, especially
       (CMS-D005)                                                                           the reduction of liver fat
       Cardiac Myosin                                                             Demonstrating a short half-life and minimal risk of
          Inhibitor                      Intended for hypertrophic cardiomyopathy drug interactions; providing a potentially superior
        (CMS-D003)                                                                and safer oral therapy
                                         Intended for paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria  Alleviating complement dysregulation-related
     Complement Factor
        B Inhibitor                      Intended for complement – mediated kidney disease diseases   by blocking alternative pathway
                                                                                           abnormal activation; providing a potentially
       (CMS-D017)                                                                     ###
                                                                                           superior and more convenient oral therapy
                                         Intended for age-related macular degeneration
      A siRNA therapy                                                                       Targeting and reducing the hepatic expression
        targeting and                                                                       of INHBE gene and reducing fat accumulation
      inhibiting INHBE                   Intended for overweight/obesity                    effectively, demonstrating the potential for high-
        (CMS-D008)                                                                          quality, long-term weight loss that boosts fat-
                                                                                            specific loss while preserving muscle mass
     >20 Self-developed
      Innovative Drugs

            Global           Designated Regions in Asia-Pacific,              Designated Asian Regions           Mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan
                             the Middle East and North Africa
          China          Overseas
    *
      CMS’s rights are stated by Rights Authorized Region. CMS has NO development, commercialization or other product rights in unauthorized regions.
    **
       Ruxolitinib phosphate cream has been approved for marketing in the EU for moderate AD indication in July 2026.
    ***
        The Group has obtained the co-development rights (excluding AD) and exclusive commercialization rights for Comekibart Injection in Mainland China, Hong
    Kong, Macau, Taiwan Region and Singapore.
    #
        The rights authorized region of ZUNVEYL includes Asia (excluding Japan and the Middle East region) and other designated territories.
    ##
        Taiwan Region is not included in the rights authorized region of ABP-671.
    ###
         The China IND approval for CMS-D017 for the treatment of age-related macular degeneration was obtained in July 2026.


9   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
    INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                         (CONTINUED)




2.Progress of Key Innovative Products during the Reporting Period
During the Reporting Period, the Group achieved key milestones across clinical development and regulatory filings
for several major innovative products, systematically validating the integrated end-to-end innovative R&D capabilities
of “Identify–Build–Validate” across various therapeutic areas and development stages — precisely identifying unmet
clinical needs, efficiently building development pathways, and accelerating clinical validation and translation. The
following progress serves as concrete demonstrations of this systematic capability.

• Lumirix (ruxolitinib phosphate cream) - Approved for marketing for vitiligo; NDA for AD accepted
China has a large vitiligo patient population, estimated at approximately 10.3 million, and nonsegmental vitiligo
patients account for approximately 8.2 million. Traditional therapies, such as topical corticosteroids (TCS) and topical
calcineurin inhibitors (TCIs), have clinical limitations, with adverse reactions or limited efficacy with long-term use,
resulting in significant unmet clinical needs. In January 2026, Lumirix was approved for marketing in China, becoming
China’s first topical JAK inhibitor for vitiligo, and is of great landmark significance. Dermavon successfully relied on
Hainan’s “Early and Pilot Implementation” policy to promote the pilot use of ruxolitinib phosphate cream in Hainan’s
Boao Super Hospital within a short timeframe, and conducted a real-world study on ruxolitinib phosphate cream for
the treatment of vitiligo in China in accordance with the relevant regulations of the Lecheng Pilot Zone’s real-world
data application pilot project. Leveraging China real-world data combined with overseas clinical data, the Group
accelerated the product’s China development and regulatory approval process. From the collaboration established
in late 2022 to China’s approval in early 2026, Lumirix’s total development and approval timeline in China was only
approximately three years.

In February 2026, the NDA for Lumirix’s AD indication in China has been approved for inclusion in the Priority
Review List by NMPA. The product has successfully met its primary endpoint in its Phase III clinical trial in China,
demonstrating that a significantly higher proportion of subjects treated with ruxolitinib phosphate cream achieved IGA
(Investigator’s Global Assessment) of 0 or 1 with at least two grades of reduction from baseline at week 8, compared
with placebo (63.0% vs 9.2%, P < 0.001). For the key secondary endpoint, the proportion of subjects achieving at
least a 75% improvement from baseline in the Eczema Area and Severity Index score (EASI 75) of treatment with
ruxolitinib phosphate cream was also significantly higher than that of the placebo group at week 8 (78.0% vs 15.4%, P
< 0.001). Regarding its safety profile, the severity of treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAE) during the treatment
period was mostly mild or moderate, with no TEAEs leading to discontinuation of the study drug. Overall, ruxolitinib
phosphate cream was safe and well-tolerated. The Priority Review designation for the product’s NDA underscores
the sustained delivery of the Group’s late-stage “Validation” capability.

• Monofer (Iron Isomaltoside Injection) - A newly added collaboration innovative product
In April 2026, the Group entered into an agreement with Pharmacosmos A/S and deployed two intravenous iron
products already approved for marketing in China, among which the innovative drug Monofer is the first third-
generation intravenous iron product in China.




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         10
                                                                                              INTERIM REPORT 2026
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     In China, the prevalence of iron deficiency anemia is 20.1%, while only about 50% of patients with severe anemia
     receive appropriate diagnosis and treatment. Intravenous iron therapy is an important option for patients who cannot
     tolerate oral iron or require rapid iron repletion. However, existing mainstream formulations are limited in single-dose
     administration. There is a significant clinical need for intravenous iron therapies that offer high safety and single-
     dose full iron repletion. Monofer, precisely responds to this unmet clinical need, reflecting the Group’s capability to
     accurately identify differentiated products. Monofer consists of nanoparticles with a stable, matrix-like structure
     composed of interchanging layers of iron atoms and short, linear isomaltose carbohydrates. This structure enables
     controlled iron release with low levels of labile iron, contributing to a favourable safety profile, including a low risk of
     hypersensitivity reactions and hypophosphatemia. It can be administered as a high-dose infusion of 1,000 mg or
     more in a single visit, whereas older therapies such as iron sucrose typically require repeated administrations of 100
     to 200 mg, enabling full iron repletion in one treatment. In addition, as a highly structurally complex non-biological
     complex drug (NBCD), its nanoparticle size distribution and synthesis and quality-control processes are difficult to
     fully characterize and replicate at industrial scale. Conventional generic development pathways are unable to achieve
     full equivalence, resulting in extremely high barriers to generics and establishing a solid competitive landscape.

     • Loberamisal for Injection (Y-3 for Injection) - Phase III study results presented; under NDA review
     Acute ischemic stroke (AIS) is the leading cause of death and disability in China, yet neuroprotective therapy has long
     suffered from a lack of innovative treatment options—Loberamisal for Injection is a candidate product strategically
     deployed to address this unmet need. The product completed the Phase III clinical trial in China and met the primary
     efficacy endpoint: patients in the Y-3 for Injection group demonstrated a significantly higher proportion of patients
     achieving an excellent functional outcome at 90 days than those in the placebo group, with a rate difference of 13%.
     The relative risk (RR) is 1.24 (95% CI 1.12 - 1.36), representing a statistically significant difference which suggests that
     the product can significantly improve the functional outcomes of patients with acute ischemic stroke. Meanwhile, the
     product demonstrated a favorable safety profile. Furthermore, exploratory outcome analysis also indicated that the
     product has certain advantages in improving post-stroke depression and anxiety. In February 2026, the study results
     of the Phase III trial were presented at the International Stroke Conference 2026.

     • Comekibart Injection (MG-K10) - NDA for rhinitis accepted
     In March 2026, the product has met the primary endpoint in a Phase III clinical trial in adult patients with moderate-
     to-severe seasonal allergic rhinitis. It demonstrated that the primary endpoint achieved statistical significance, with
     significantly superior efficacy compared with the placebo group, and a favorable safety profile. The Group and its
     partner efficiently advanced clinical development and regulatory filings, completing the enrollment of all 175 patients
     in the Phase III trial within one month. From the first patient enrolled in August 2025 to the acceptance of the NDA
     in April 2026, it took approximately 8 months, reflecting the Group’s execution efficiency in accelerating late-stage
     pipeline products toward commercialization.




11   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                             (CONTINUED)




• ABP-671 - Initiated Phase III clinical trial in China
In China, hyperuricemia has become the second most common metabolic disease following diabetes mellitus, with
a gout patient population of nearly 30 million. While URAT1 is a classic target for lowering uric acid supported by
extensive clinical validation, existing therapies leave significant unmet clinical needs across efficacy, safety, and tophi
dissolution. ABP-671, a next-generation URAT1 inhibitor for which the Group holds commercialization rights in China,
is designed to provide a differentiated treatment option addressing the clinical limitations of current therapies. In
June 2026, ABP-671 initiated its Phase III clinical trial in China, with a planned enrollment of more than 800 patients
across China. The study will directly compare ABP-671 with febuxostat to evaluate ABP-671’s efficacy and safety
in gout patients (including tophaceous gout patients), as well as its potential to reduce the size of tophi. The Phase
IIb data in China demonstrated that after 8 weeks of administration of ABP-671 at a dose of 2 mg twice daily, the
proportions of subjects with serum uric acid levels below 6 mg/dL, 5 mg/dL, and 4 mg/dL exceeded 91%, 83%, and
63%, respectively, showing significantly superior efficacy compared to febuxostat, all with statistical significance.
Additionally, ABP-671 exhibited outstanding tophi dissolution capability, with complete resolution of tophi observed
in some subjects within less than 6 months of treatment. ABP-671 demonstrated a favorable safety and tolerability
profile, with multiple domestic and overseas clinical results showing a safety profile superior to current first-line
therapies and mainstream drugs.

• CMS-D008 Injection - Preclinical study results presented at ADA Scientific Sessions
CMS-D008 Injection (INHBE siRNA) is a representative product of the Group’s in-house R&D pipeline, demonstrating
the Group’s systematic in-house capabilities from cutting-edge target identification to clinical translation. Its preclinical
study results showed that in obese animal models, CMS-D008 efficiently and sustainably suppressed INHBE
expression, achieving significant weight loss and fat reduction while sparing muscle mass, with a favorable safety
profile, indicating the potential for healthy weight loss. In June 2026, the research results were presented in a poster
at the American Diabetes Association (ADA) 86th Scientific Sessions.

Ⅱ. An Academic-Driven, Full-Coverage Commercialization System
Focusing on advantaged specialty areas such as CKM, CNS, gastroenterology, ophthalmology, and skin health, the
Group builds specialty scale advantages through professional academic promotion and academic resources across
multiple disease areas. Leveraging its core capability of establishing markets and brands from the ground up, CMS
continuously creates and cultivates markets, allowing innovative products to truly enter clinical practice and serve
patients.

Grounded in differentiated advantages, the Group formulates precise market positioning for each product and
continuously strengthens its academic promotion system centered on evidence-based medicine(EBM). Leveraging
post-marketing clinical trials and real-world studies, the Group advances academic publications and inclusion in
clinical guidelines and expert consensus statements, establishing a multi-dimensional EBM evidence chain to
enhance academic recognition and drive the synchronized translation of clinical value and commercial value. The
academic promotion of the innovative drug VELPHORO serves as an epitome of the Group’s promotion strategy
and market creation capability. In addition to the latest guidelines shown in the table below, VELPHORO has been
included in multiple authoritative clinical guidelines in the nephrology field, such as the Clinical Practice Guideline
for Management of Chronic Kidney Disease during Peridialysis in China (2025 ). Supported by high-quality EBM
evidence, its differentiated clinical perception of “high phosphate-binding capacity and low pill burden” has been
further reinforced, enabling academic empowerment of clinical access and promotion and strengthening its brand
leadership in the treatment of hyperphosphatemia in dialysis patients. Since the Group drove the product’s first-year
commercialization in 2024, VELPHORO has steadily improved in end-market access, academic penetration, and
brand awareness, with commercial efficiency continuing to scale.



                                                                                CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           12
                                                                                                 INTERIM REPORT 2026
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     During the Reporting Period, guideline/consensus inclusion and academic journal publications for the Group’s key
     marketed innovative products are as follows:


         Products                   Guideline/Consensus Inclusion and Academic Journal Publications

                        Included in the “Chinese clinical practice guideline for the screening, diagnosis, and treatment of
       VELPHORO
                        chronic kidney disease (2026)”

                        Published in a top-tier journal in the field of rheumatology and immunology — Annals of
         Metoject       the Rheumatic Diseases: “EULAR Recommendations for the Management of Rheumatoid
                        Arthritis-2025 Update” (recommending methotrexate (MTX), the product’s active ingredient)

                        Included in the “Chinese expert guiding opinions on the topical use of ruxolitinib cream for the
          Lumirix       treatment of vitiligo”; multiple study findings published in the top-tier dermatology journal The
                        Journal of the American Academy of Dermatology (JAAD)

                        Included in the “Joint statement from the National Psoriasis Foundation Medical Board and the
                        International Psoriasis Council on routine testing for latent tuberculosis infection prior to and
        ILUMETRI        during treatment of psoriasis patients with interleukin 17 or interleukin 23 inhibitors” and the
                        “Expert consensus on the diagnosis, treatment and rehabilitation of psoriasis in the elderly (2026)”;
                        published in Dermatologic Therapy (one of its real-world evidence study results )


     Meanwhile, the Group continues to refine its omni-format, full-coverage commercial promotion network that
     integrates in-hospital and out-of-hospital channels as well as online and offline operations. While consolidating its in-
     hospital stronghold in EBM, the Group, in line with growing public demand for health management, expanded into
     consumer healthcare scenarios as well as new retail and digital channels, thereby enhancing product accessibility
     and supporting inclusive healthcare.

     The exclusive product Augentropfen Stulln Mono Eye Drops serves as one of the Group’s flagship products in the
     out-of-hospital market. With unique ingredients and mechanisms—Digitalis Glycosides to improve ciliary muscle
     function and Esculin to protect the retina and nerves—it is positioned for all types of asthenopia as well as fundus
     macular degeneration, and has been recommended by multiple authoritative guidelines and expert consensuses.
     Building on this academic foundation, the Group has fully unlocked out-of-hospital incremental growth through
     refined online operations and extensive retail coverage: in the first half of 2026, Augentropfen Stulln Mono Eye Drops
     ranked No. 1 in the ophthalmology/ENT (ear, nose, and throat) prescription drugs on Douyin E-commerce platform,
     and ranked No. 2 and No. 3 respectively among ophthalmology medications on Alibaba and JD.com. Furthermore,
     according to Sinohealth CHIS data, Stulln Mono Eye Drops ranked fifth in market share within the ophthalmic
     category in the offline retail market. This series of outstanding performances further reinforced Augentropfen Stulln
     Mono Eye Drops’ leading position as a representative professional brand for the treatment of asthenopia.

     As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Group’s promotion network covered over 60,000 hospitals and healthcare
     institutions, approximately 320,000 retail pharmacies, including approximately 1,000 DTP (Direct to Patient)
     pharmacies, and 7 major e-commerce and O2O (Online-to-Offline) platforms in China.




13   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                     (CONTINUED)




1. Major Marketed Products
The Group’s major marketed products have covered the CKM, CNS, gastroenterology, ophthalmology, skin health,
and other related areas. A summary of the information of major products as of the end of the Reporting Period is as
follows:


    Product line                Product             Core Indication/Use                Core Advantage


                                                                             China’s first iron-based, non-
                              VELPHORO
                                                                             calcium phosphate binder, reducing
                                                                             average daily pill burden by 52% and
                       (Sucroferric Oxyhydroxide
                                                 Hyperphosphatemia
                                                                             improving sP compliance rate by 95%
                          Chewable Tablets)
                           (innovative drug)
                                                                             versus competitors



                                VALTOCO                                      China's first Diazepam Nasal Spray,
                        (Diazepam Nasal Spray)     Seizure clusters          providing immediate and convenient
                            (innovative drug)                                treatment for acute seizures episodes



  Cardiovascular-                                                            China’s first Recombinant Human
 Kidney-Metabolic         XinHuoSu                                           Brain Natriuretic Peptide medicine,
    and Central     (Recombinant     Human      Acute decompensated          delivering four concurrent clinical
 Nervous System   Brain Natriuretic Peptide for heart failure                benefits with rapid onset of action,
   Related Fields          Injection)                                        without increasing myocardial oxygen
                                                                             consumption


                                                                           Original reference preparation,
                                                                           the Calcium Channel Blocker
                                 Plendil
                                                   Hypertension and stable (CCB) medicine suitable for
                         (Felodipine Sustained
                                                   angina pectoris         Chinese patients, providing cardio-
                            Release Tablets)
                                                                           cerebrovascular protection and high
                                                                           vascular selectivity


                                 Deanxit                                     Original reference preparation,
                                                   Mild-to-moderate
                            (Flupentixol and                                 the preferred medicine for mild to
                                                   depression and anxiety
                           Melitracen Tablets)                               moderate anxiety and depression




                                                                          CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED       14
                                                                                           INTERIM REPORT 2026
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




                                                                                China’s first pre-filled MTX injection
                                  Metoject
                                                                                for subcutaneous administration for
                           (Methotrexate Injection)    Rheumatoid arthritis
                                                                                the treatment of RA and psoriasis, the
                              (innovative drug)
                                                                                gold‑standard therapy for RA

                                                                                China’s first third-generation
                                                                                intravenous iron therapy, with single-
                                                                                dose full iron replenishment of 1,000
                                     Monofer
                          (Iron Isomaltoside Injection) Iron deficiency
                                                                                mg+, enabling faster improvement in
                                 (innovative drug)
                                                                                hemoglobin levels, providing a better
                                                                                safety profile

                                                                                A distinctive fungal probiotic,
                                    Bioflor                                     which can be co-administered
                               (Saccharomyces          Diarrhea in adults and   with antibiotics, recommended by
                               Boulardii Sachets)      children                 authoritative global guidelines for the
                              (exclusive product)                               prevention of antibiotic‑associated
                                                                                diarrhea

                                                                                Broad enzyme profile, high enzymatic
                                 Combizym                                       activity, formulated with oryz-
                          (Oryz-aspergillus Enzyme                              aspergillus enzyme extract (exclusive
                                                   Dyspepsia
                           and Pancreatin Tablets)                              ingredient) and adequate pancreatin,
                             (exclusive product)                                effective in both stomach and
                                                                                intestines
      Gastroenterology
      and Autoimmune                                                            As of the end of the Reporting Period,
                                MeteoSpasmyl
       Related Fields                                                           the only combination antispasmodic
                            (Compound Alverine         Abdominal bloating and
                                                                                in China that can concurrently relieve
                            Citrate Soft Capsules)     pain
                                                                                both abdominal pain and bloating,
                             (exclusive product)
                                                                                difficult to replicate

                                                                                Original reference preparation,
                                                                                ranking first by market share of
                                   Salofalk            Inflammatory bowel
                                                                                China’s aminosalicylic acid, a first-
                                 (Mesalazine)          disease
                                                                                line treatment for inflammatory bowel
                                                                                disease in China (IQVIA 2025)

                                                                                A dual-target prokinetic agent
                                    Cidine                                      delivering pan-gastrointestinal motility,
                                                       Dyspepsia and
                            (Cinitapride Hydrogen                               dual-pathway metabolism without QTc
                                                       abdominal bloating
                               Tartrate Tablets)                                prolongation, providing a favorable
                                                                                efficacy and safety profile

                                                                                As of the end of the Reporting Period,
                                   Cosmofer                                     the only intravenous iron therapy in
                                                       Iron deficiency
                            (Iron Dextran Injection)                            China included in Category A of the
                                                                                NRDL and the NEML

                                                                                Original reference preparation,
                                                                                manufactured via a semi-synthetic
                                   Ursofalk            Liver disease and
                                                                                process delivering >99% purity,
                            (Ursodeoxycholic Acid)     gallstones
                                                                                ranking first by market share of China’s
                                                                                choleretic drugs (IQVIA 2025)


15   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                             MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                       (CONTINUED)




                                                                           A next-generation anti-VEGF drug with
                                                                           the smallest molecular weight (only
                                                                           26 kDa) as of the end of the Reporting
                             BEOVU              Diabetic macular edema
                    (Brolucizumab Injection)    and proliferative diabetic
                                                                           Period, delivering potent fluid control and
                        (innovative drug)       retinopathy
                                                                           extended dosing intervals versus prior-
                                                                           generation agents

                    Augentropfen Stulln Mono                                Naturally extracted ingredients and
                            Eye Drops                                       a preservative-free formulation,
                                             Senile macular
                           (Esculin and                                     improving ciliary muscle function
                                             degeneration and
                     Digitalisglycosides Eye                                and protecting the retina and nerves,
                                             asthenopia
                              Drops)                                        for all types of asthenopia as well as
Ophthalmology          (exclusive product)                                  fundus macular degeneration
    Line
                                                                        China’s first approved anti-VEGF
                                                Neovascular age-related drug for neovascular retinal diseases,
                           LUCENTIS
                                                macular degeneration,   which covers the widest age range
                     (Ranibizumab Injection)
                                                etc.                    and has the most indications as of the
                                                                        end of the Reporting Period

                                                                            Using an innovative high-focused
                                                                            ultrasound technology: non-invasive,
                       EyeOP1 Glaucoma
                                                Glaucoma                    automated operations, precise
                       Treatment Device
                                                                            targeting, with a favorable safety and
                                                                            efficacy profile

                             Lumirix
                                                                            The first topical JAK inhibitor
                     (Ruxolitinib phosphate
                                                Nonsegmental vitiligo       approved in China for the treatment
                             cream)
                                                                            of vitiligo
                       (innovative drug)
                                                                            A monoclonal antibody specifically
                             ILUMETRI                                       targeting the p19 subunit of IL-23,
                                                                            requiring only 4 administrations per
                                                Moderate-to-severe
                    (Tildrakizumab Injection)
                                                plaque psoriasis
                         (innovative drug)                                  year during its maintenance period,
Skin Health Field                                                           with good long-term efficacy
  (Dermavon)
  Prescription                                                              A skin barrier repair agent with
    Products                Hirudoid                                        multiple functions (sustained
                      (Mucopolysaccharide       Blunt traumata and          hydration, enhancing local blood
                       Polysulfate Cream)       superficial phlebitis       circulation, anti-thrombotic, anti-
                       (exclusive product)                                  inflammatory & decongestant, and
                                                                            tissue regeneration promotion)

                                                                            Original reference preparation, a
                                                                            German original brand with over 50
                         Aethoxysklerol         Lower extremity
                     (Polidocanol Injection)    varicose veins
                                                                            years of clinical application

                     Hirudoid® Azelaic Acid                                 Extension of the Hirudoid brand, to
Skin Health Field    Acne Removal Series        Acne-prone skin care        create a professional acne-prone skin
   (Dermavon)        (including 5 Products)                                 care portfolio
 Dermatology-
 grade Skincare     Heling Soothing Product     Moisturizing and            Composed of four core ingredients
    Products                 Series             Soothing for sensitive      that can moisturize and soothe the
                     (including 4 products)     skin                        skin, helping to repair the skin barrier



                                                                         CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           16
                                                                                          INTERIM REPORT 2026
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     During the Reporting Period, the revenue of major products by product line was as follows:


     •   The products under CKM and CNS related fields recorded a revenue of RMB1,486.0 million, a decrease of
         3.4% compared with the same period last year. In the case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group,
         the revenue of products under CKM and CNS related fields would decrease by 5.1% to RMB2,102.7 million
         compared with the same period last year, accounting for 39.4% of the Group’s revenue in the case that all
         medicines were directly sold by the Group.

     •   The revenue of products under gastroenterology/autoimmune related fields increased by 5.1% to RMB1,483.6
         million compared with the same period last year, accounting for 27.8% of the Group’s revenue in the case that all
         medicines were directly sold by the Group.

     •   The revenue of the products under ophthalmology field increased by 32.0% to RMB472.8 million compared with
         the same period last year. In the case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group, the revenue of products
         under ophthalmology field would increase by 96.8% to RMB704.7 million compared with the same period last
         year, accounting for 13.2% of the Group’s revenue in the case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group.

     •   The revenue of the products under skin health field (Dermavon) increased by 59.1% to RMB792.5 million
         compared with the same period last year, accounting for 14.8% of the Group’s revenue in the case that all
         medicines were directly sold by the Group.

     •   Other products recorded a revenue of RMB265.9 million, an increase of 35.1% compared with the same period
         last year. In the case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group, the revenue would increase by 38.2% to
         RMB257.9 million compared with the same period last year, accounting for 4.8% of the Group’s revenue in the
         case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group.


     III. Ophthalmology Business (“CMS Vision”)
     “CMS Vision” is focused on the ophthalmology specialty field, with multi-dimensional expansion into otolaryngology.
     Driven by a dual-engine model of “innovative pharmaceutical expertise” and “consumer healthcare market
     penetration”, it precisely identifies unmet clinical needs and builds a highly differentiated medical-grade eye health
     ecosystem spanning fundus diseases, visual fatigue, glaucoma, rhinitis and other areas. CMS Vision is committed
     to building “China’s leading ophthalmology pharmaceutical company,” thereby continuously advancing the in-depth
     validation of the Group’s lifecycle management capabilities across specialty areas.




17   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                        (CONTINUED)




During the Reporting Period, CMS Vision adhered to a three-in-one growth model centered on “Product Full-Lifecycle
Management + Full-course Disease Management + Omni-channel Marketing.” It leveraged academic platforms
to construct a multi-tiered academic exchange system, and systematically advanced post-marketing clinical trials
and real-world studies to continuously refine the EBM evidence chain. With refined academic promotion as a core
strategy, CMS Vision drove the hospital/terminal access, brand building, and market penetration of commercialized
products. Meanwhile, it further deepened out-of-hospital consumer channel layouts to strengthen in-hospital and
out-of-hospital linkage, driving the continuous release of omni-channel value.

In April 2026, the China NDA for seasonal allergic rhinitis indication of the innovative drug Comekibart Injection (MG-
K10), an anti-IL-4Rα humanized monoclonal antibody, was accepted by the NMPA, marking an important milestone
in CMS Vision’s expansion into the field of ENT.

IV. Skin Health Business (“Dermavon”, Proposed to Be Spun off and Separately Listed
on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“SEHK”))
“Dermavon” is a leading pharmaceutical company in China specialized in skin health products. It has unified
operations combining R&D, production, and sales of dermatological prescription products and dermatology-grade
skincare products. Dermavon is committed to providing comprehensive skin health solutions, from prevention
to treatment and long-term care. Leveraging its efficient R&D system and industry-leading commercialization
capabilities, Dermavon has established a strong competitive position in both the “coverage of dermatology
indications” and the “revenue scale of dermatological prescription drugs”.

As a further validation of the Group’s full-lifecycle management capabilities in the skin health field, Dermavon has
established a solid foundation for independent development. The Group has proposed to spin off and separately list
Dermavon on the Main Board of the SEHK by way of introduction and distribution in specie, aiming to further release
its value and high-growth potential.

1.Differentiated Product Portfolio, Building Comprehensive Skin Health Solutions

Focusing on major skin diseases with significant unmet clinical needs, Dermavon has created a highly differentiated
portfolio of dermatological prescription products and dermatology-grade skincare products. It has formed a
comprehensive “treatment + care” solution to address patients’ diversified clinical needs in different disease stages.

As of the end of the Reporting Period, Dermavon had, in China, 4 marketed products, 2 NDAs under review, 4 clinical-
stage pipeline products, and multiple preclinical candidates. Additionally, Dermavon has two marketed dermatology-
grade skincare product series. The overall product matrix is set out in the table below:




                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         18
                                                                                             INTERIM REPORT 2026
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




                                                      Treatment                                      Skincare
                                                                                                  Dermatology-
                               Topical Agents        Oral Tablets             Injections          Grade Skincare
                                                                                                     Products
                                                      CMS-D001
     Psoriasis                                                                 ILUMETRI
                                                    (China Phase II)

                                   Lumirix                                Comekibart Injection
                                                      CMS-D001                                    Heling Soothing
     AD                       (China NDA Under                             (China NDA Under
                                                    (China Phase II)                              Product Series
                                   Review )                                     Review)

                                                 povorcitinib phosphate
                                                         tablets
     Vitiligo                     Lumirix
                                                    (China Phase I
                                                      Completed)

     Superficial phlebitis,
                                  Hirudoid
     Blunt traumata

     Varicose veins                                                         Aethoxysklerol

                                                 povorcitinib phosphate
                                                                        Comekibart Injection
     Prurigo nodularis                                   tablets
                                                                         (China Phase III)
                                                  (Overseas Phase III)

                                                 povorcitinib phosphate
     Hidradenitis                                        tablets
     suppurativa                                 (Overseas NDA Under
                                                        Review)

     Chronic spontaneous                                                  Comekibart Injection
     urticaria                                                             (China Phase III)


                                                                                                  Hirudoid® Azelaic
      Acne vulgaris                                                                              Acid Acne Removal
                                                                                                       Series



       Marketed
       Under R&D




19   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                        (CONTINUED)




2.Efficient R&D Engine, Accelerating the Clinical Translation of Innovation

Dermavon operates a dual-track R&D model combining collaborative R&D and in-house R&D. Leveraging precise
product identification capabilities, a global network for innovation collaboration, and continuously enhanced R&D
capabilities, Dermavon generates sustained momentum to drive the clinical translation of innovative achievements.

During the Reporting Period, Lumirix (ruxolitinib phosphate cream) was approved for marketing in China, becoming
the first topical JAK inhibitor approved in China for vitiligo. Lumirix’s NDA for AD and the long-acting anti-IL-4Rα
monoclonal antibody Comekibart Injection’s NDA for AD are currently under review in China. In addition, clinical
development in China is progressing steadily for the oral JAK1 inhibitor povorcitinib phosphate tablets and the self-
developed highly selective TYK2 inhibitor CMS-D001 Tablets. Additionally, approximately 5 self-developed pipeline
products are in the preclinical stage.

3.Industry-leading Omni-channel Commercialization Capabilities, Driving Value Realization of Products

Dermavon is patient-centered and market-oriented, and has built a strong academic promotion team in dermatology,
which maintains an industry-leading position in China in terms of both commercial team scale and the coverage
of dermatology departments in hospitals. Adhering to the principle of “academic evidence driven”, Dermavon
continuously refines its evidence-based system through post-marketing studies, thereby enhancing both the
academic value and brand influence of its products.

While further deepening hospital coverage, Dermavon fully leverages the consumer attributes of its dermatology
specialty products, continuing to expand out-of-hospital channels such as retail pharmacies and e-commerce
platforms, and building a comprehensive, multi-tiered sales network. In the dermatology-grade skincare segment,
Dermavon empowers digital channel development with its professional academic resources, driving deeper brand
awareness and sustained growth in end-market sales.

Leveraging a differentiated dermatology portfolio, Dermavon continues to validate its core capability of building
brands and markets from the ground up. In the commercialization of Lumirix (ruxolitinib phosphate cream), supported
by policy initiatives such as the Early and Pilot Implementation Policy, Dermavon enabled the product to benefit
over 10,000 patients before its approval in China, proactively building momentum in clinical and brand awareness.
Following China’s formal approval, guided by medical evidence, Dermavon has leveraged high-quality post-
marketing studies and real-world evidence to drive clinical guideline inclusion and academic consensus formation,
with academic engagement enabling broader adoption and deeper penetration in clinical practice. In parallel, through
multi-channel deployment, Dermavon has established full-scenario coverage across hospital-adjacent pharmacies,
online platforms, and hospitals, building a replicable commercialization model for innovative drugs and further
validating its end-to-end value creation capability from product identification and clinical development to market
value realization.

V. International Business
With Singapore as its pivot, the Group’s industrial internationalization strategy extends its full-lifecycle management
capabilities which have been validated in the China market horizontally across the Asia-Pacific(APAC) market through
an end-to-end ecosystem spanning R&D (“CMS R&D”), manufacturing (“PharmaGend”), and commercialization
(“Rxilient”). Leveraging the golden window of regional demographic shifts, rising affordability, and the release of
unmet healthcare demands, the Group is building a pharmaceutical outbound hub that connects global frontier
innovation with regional unmet needs, thereby enabling multi-dimensional ecosystem synergies and value realization.



                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         20
                                                                                             INTERIM REPORT 2026
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     In the first half of 2026, the industrial internationalization business continuously advanced product registration, market
     access, and commercialization validation. Product portfolio deployment further deepened, and multi-product, multi-
     market commercialization progressed efficiently. The manufacturing system was continuously strengthened. The
     value-realization capability of the “Industrial Internationalization” business is being progressively validated, and the
     business is expected to become an important growth driver supporting the Group’s high-quality and sustainable
     development.

     1.Internationalization of Commercialization System
     Rxilient, serving as the Group’s core commercial platform deeply rooted in APAC emerging markets, adheres to the
     development philosophy of “Global Vision, Local Execution”. Leveraging full-lifecycle capabilities for pharmaceutical
     products across key stages—including global product identification, development and registration, and localized
     promotion strategies—Rxilient unlocks the commercial value of global high-quality medicines in emerging markets.
     Operated by experienced localized teams, Rxilient is headquartered in Singapore and has established subsidiaries or
     offices in Hong Kong, Taiwan Region, Malaysia, Vietnam, the Philippines, Indonesia, Thailand, and the UAE.

     As of the end of the Reporting Period, Rxilient has achieved sales for a cumulative total of 9 products across multiple
     countries and regions in Southeast Asia, and has cumulatively submitted marketing applications for more than 20
     pharmaceutical products and medical devices. During the Reporting Period, 8 marketing applications were approved.
     The registration and marketing progress of key products is as follows:


                        Product                             Approved Countries/Regions                       Registration Applications Filed

           Ruxolitinib phosphate cream
                                                           Taiwan Region (Approved in July
                                                              2026), Hong Kong, Macau
                     (“Lumirix”)                                                                                        Singapore
            Innovative drug for vitiligo

      Sucroferric Oxyhydroxide Chewable
            Tablets (“VELPHORO”)
                                                                    Hong Kong*, Macau                                 Taiwan Region
              Innovative drug for
             hyperphosphatemia

      Tildrakizumab Injection (“ILUMETRI”)
                                                                         Hong Kong                                    Taiwan Region
           Innovative drug for psoriasis

      Benzgalantamine Gluconate Enteric-
                                                                                                            Taiwan Region, Malaysia, Indonesia,
         coated Tablets (“ZUNVEYL”)                                         Macau
                                                                                                               Philippines, Thailand, Vietnam
       New drug for Alzheimer’s disease

      Diazepam Nasal Spray (“VALTOCO”)
                                                                Taiwan Region, Singapore                               Hong Kong
      Innovative drug for seizure clusters

       Methylthioninium Chloride Enteric-
       coated Sustained-release Tablets
                                                                                                             Hong Kong, Thailand, Philippines,
                  (“Lumeblue”)                                         Taiwan Region
                                                                                                                   Vietnam, Indonesia
        Innovative drug for enhancing
       visualisation of colorectal lesions

     * VELPHORO has been included in the “Special Drug” category of the Hospital Authority Drug Formulary




21   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                       (CONTINUED)




Rxilient has become the partner of choice for global pharmaceutical companies expanding into emerging markets.
During the Reporting Period, Rxilient acquired rights for 3 additional products across emerging markets such as
Southeast Asia, with its product portfolio comprehensively spanning the CNS, autoimmune, ophthalmology, and
dermatology fields. In dermatology, in July 2026, Rxilient entered into a partnership with Polichem S.A., a subsidiary
of Almirall S.A., a global biopharmaceutical company focused on medical dermatology, obtaining the exclusive
commercialization rights for improved new drug Finjuve, a topical finasteride spray in several Southeast Asia markets.
Finjuve has been approved for marketing in Singapore and Malaysia in 2025, becoming the first and only topical
finasteride product approved locally for the treatment of androgenetic alopecia.

2.Internationalization of Manufacturing
The Group’s associate company, PharmaGend, is a Singapore-based, international one-stop CDMO platform.
The Group, through multiple subsidiaries, holds a 41.98% equity interest in PharmaGend. As of the end of the
Reporting Period, PharmaGend owns a 30,000-square-meter production site, with an annual capacity of oral solid
dosage (OSD) units of up to 1.5 billion tablets. It has entered into multiple technology transfer and drug supply
agreements and completed engineering batch production. During the Reporting Period, PharmaGend additionally
obtained GMP (Good Manufacturing Practice) certifications of Thailand and Taiwan Region. Previously, it has
obtained a Manufacturer's Licence issued by the Health Sciences Authority (HSA) of Singapore. Leveraging multiple
international certifications, including HSA GMP (Good Manufacturing Practice), U.S. FDA cGMP (Current Good
Manufacturing Practice), and Swiss QP (Qualified Person) audits, PharmaGend has established a high-standard
global compliant manufacturing and delivery system. Furthermore, capacity expansions for nasal spray, cream, and
injectable production lines, as well as the packaging center, are progressing in an orderly manner. PharmaGend not
only provides high-quality Singapore-manufactured CDMO services to global pharmaceutical companies, but also
supports the security of the Group’s overseas manufacturing supply.


Future Development
CMS will anchor its strategy on “high-quality and sustainable development.” Grounded in its product full-lifecycle
management capabilities, with “dual-track innovation” as its core value driver and “efficient and compliant
commercialization” as its value amplifier, the Group will focus on its advantaged specialty therapeutic areas to
continuously release the growth engine effect of “innovative drugs + exclusive drugs.” Leveraging its strategic
positioning within the industry investment ecosystem, the Group aims to translate system-wide capabilities into long-
term momentum to navigate industry cycles. Meanwhile, driven by the goal of building an AI-native organization, and
supported by a forward-looking innovation mindset, strong operational resilience and a broad global perspective, the
Group will strive to create sustainable long-term value for its employees, customers, shareholders and society.


Financial Review
Turnover
Turnover increased by 12.5% to RMB4,500.7 million for the six months ended 30 June 2026 from RMB4,002.0 million
for the six months ended 30 June 2025; in the case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group, turnover
increased by 14.4% to RMB5,341.4 million for the six months ended 30 June 2026 from RMB4,669.6 million for the
six months ended 30 June 2025, mainly due to a growth driven by innovative and exclusive products.




                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         22
                                                                                            INTERIM REPORT 2026
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin
     Gross profit increased by 11.4% to RMB3,220.6 million for the six months ended 30 June 2026 from RMB2,891.9
     million for the six months ended 30 June 2025; in the case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group, gross
     profit increased by 11.5% to RMB3,212.3 million for the six months ended 30 June 2026 from RMB2,881.7 million
     for the six months ended 30 June 2025, primarily reflecting a growth in turnover. For the six months ended 30 June
     2026, gross profit margin was 71.6%, representing a decrease of 0.7 percentage point from 72.3% for the six months
     ended 30 June 2025; in the case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group, gross profit margin decreased
     by 1.6 percentage points to 60.1% for the six months ended 30 June 2026 from 61.7% for the six months ended 30
     June 2025, mainly reflecting a change in the sales mix of products with different gross profit margins, as well as a
     decline in the selling prices of certain products.

     Selling Expenses
     Selling expenses increased by 0.5% to RMB1,431.0 million for the six months ended 30 June 2026 from RMB1,424.5
     million for the six months ended 30 June 2025. Selling expenses as a percentage of turnover was 31.8% for the six
     months ended 30 June 2026, representing a decrease of 3.8 percentage points from 35.6% for the six months ended
     30 June 2025. In the case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group, selling expenses as a percentage of
     turnover decreased by 3.7 percentage points to 26.6% for the six months ended 30 June 2026 from 30.3% for the six
     months ended 30 June 2025, primarily reflecting an economy of scale generated from the growth in turnover.

     Administrative Expenses
     Administrative expenses increased by 2.1% to RMB439.9 million for the six months ended 30 June 2026 from
     RMB430.8 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025. Administrative expenses as a percentage of turnover
     for the six months ended 30 June 2026 was 9.8%, representing a decrease of 1.0 percentage point from 10.8% for
     the six months ended 30 June 2025. In the case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group, administrative
     expenses as a percentage of turnover decreased by 1.0 percentage point to 8.2% for the six months ended 30 June
     2026 from 9.2% for the six months ended 30 June 2025, primarily reflecting an economy of scale generated from the
     growth in turnover.

     Research and Development Expenditures
     The Group’s research and development expenditures included expenditures on research and development and
     clinical trial of new products, salaries and related expenses of staff who were engaged in the aforesaid affairs, for the
     sake of a continuous expansion of innovative product pipelines. Research and development expenditures included
     the expensed research and development expenditures (i.e. research and development expenses) and the capital
     payments (i.e. payments for acquisition and development of new products).

     Total research and development expenditures increased by 92.9% to RMB824.7 million for the six months ended
     30 June 2026 from RMB427.6 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025. Total research and development
     expenditures as a percentage of turnover for the six months ended 30 June 2026 was 18.3%, representing an
     increase of 7.6 percentage points from 10.7% for the six months ended 30 June 2025. In the case that all medicines
     were directly sold by the Group, total research and development expenditures as a percentage of turnover increased
     by 6.2 percentage points to 15.4% for the six months ended 30 June 2026 from 9.2% for the six months ended
     30 June 2025, mainly reflecting an increase in innovative research and development activities and a continuing
     expansion of innovative pipelines.




23   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                    (CONTINUED)




Research and development expenses increased by 76.1% to RMB356.7 million for the six months ended 30 June
2026 from RMB202.5 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025. Research and development expenses as a
percentage of turnover for the six months ended 30 June 2026 was 7.9%, representing an increase of 2.8 percentage
points from 5.1% for the six months ended 30 June 2025. In the case that all medicines were directly sold by the
Group, research and development expenses as a percentage of turnover increased by 2.4 percentage points to
6.7% for the six months ended 30 June 2026 from 4.3% for the six months ended 30 June 2025, mainly reflecting an
increase in self-researched expenses.

Capital payments increased by 107.9% to RMB468.1 million for the six months ended 30 June 2026 from RMB225.1
million for the six months ended 30 June 2025. Capital payments as a percentage of turnover for the six months
ended 30 June 2026 was 10.4%, representing an increase of 4.8 percentage points from 5.6% for the six months
ended 30 June 2025. In the case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group, such capital payments as
a percentage of turnover increased by 4.0 percentage points to 8.8% for the six months ended 30 June 2026
from 4.8% for the six months ended 30 June 2025, mainly reflecting an increase in collaborative development
expenditures.

Other Income
Other income increased by 47.2% to RMB116.5 million for the six months ended 30 June 2026 from RMB79.2 million
for the six months ended 30 June 2025, mainly reflecting an increase in government subsidies received.

Other Gains and Losses
Other gains and losses decreased by 201.8% to a loss of RMB78.0 million for the six months ended 30 June 2026
from a gain of RMB76.7 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025, mainly reflecting a decrease in equity
investment income and an increase in exchange loss.

Share of Results of Associates/a Joint Venture
Share of results of associates/a joint venture increased by 1.1% to RMB167.2 million for the six months ended 30
June 2026 from RMB165.4 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025, mainly reflecting an increase in profit of
the associate Tibet Pharmaceutical.

Finance Costs
Finance costs decreased by 27.7% to RMB8.2 million for the six months ended 30 June 2026 from RMB11.3 million
for the six months ended 30 June 2025, mainly reflecting decreases in both bank borrowings used and interest rates.

Income Tax Expense
Income tax expense increased by 3.0% to RMB219.0 million for the six months ended 30 June 2026 from RMB212.6
million for the six months ended 30 June 2025, mainly due to an increase in profit.

Profit for the Period
Profit for the period increased by 4.3% to RMB971.5 million for the six months ended 30 June 2026 from RMB931.5
million for the six months ended 30 June 2025, mainly due to an increase in turnover.

Inventories
Inventories increased by 15.4% to RMB928.1 million as at 30 June 2026 from RMB804.0 million as at 31 December
2025. Average inventory turnover days decreased by 5 days to 124 days for the six months ended 30 June 2026
from 129 days for the six months ended 30 June 2025, mainly reflecting a normal fluctuation in inventories.




                                                                          CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED       24
                                                                                           INTERIM REPORT 2026
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     Trade Receivables
     Trade receivables decreased by 4.8% to RMB1,511.1 million as at 30 June 2026 from RMB1,587.9 million as at 31
     December 2025. Average trade receivables turnover days decreased by 1 day to 78 days for the six months ended
     30 June 2026 from 79 days for the six months ended 30 June 2025, mainly reflecting a stable management of sales
     collection.

     Trade Payables
     Trade payables decreased by 6.2% to RMB100.0 million as at 30 June 2026 from RMB106.6 million as at 31
     December 2025. Average trade payables days decreased by 8 days to 15 days for the six months ended 30
     June 2026 from 23 days for the six months ended 30 June 2025, mainly reflecting the difference in time points of
     settlement with suppliers.

     Liquidity, Financial Resources, Capital Structure and Gearing Ratio
     As at 30 June 2026, the Group’s bank balances and cash amounted to RMB2,571.9 million. As at 31 December 2025,
     its bank balances and cash amounted to RMB2,701.4 million.

     The Group had bank borrowings of RMB834.7 million (31 December 2025: RMB651.8 million) as at 30 June 2026.
     The weighted average interest rate of loans was 1.9% (six months ended 30 June 2025: 2.3%) per annum. All the
     bank borrowings were classified as current liabilities.

     As at 30 June 2026 and 31 December 2025, the Group had a gearing ratio (being the bank borrowings of the Group
     divided by the total assets of the Group) of approximately 4.2% and 3.4%, respectively.

     The Group’s liquidity requirements will be satisfied by a combination of cash flow generated from operating activities,
     long-term bank loans and other financing means which the Company may from time to time consider appropriate.

     Exposure to Fluctuations in Exchange Rates and Interest Rates
     The Group is mainly exposed to currency risk of US$, EUR and HK$. The conversion of RMB into foreign currencies is
     subject to the rules and regulations of foreign exchange control promulgated by the PRC government. Any significant
     exchange rate fluctuations of foreign currencies against RMB may have a financial impact on the Group. The Group
     closely monitors exchange rate fluctuations and reviews the foreign currency risk management strategy from time to
     time, and where appropriate, the management will consider hedging its foreign currency exposure.

     The Group will closely monitor movements of interest rates and foreign currencies market so as to mitigate the
     expected risk on interest rates and foreign currencies.

     Pledge of Assets
     As at 30 June 2026, the Group had pledged property, plant and equipment and leasehold land with net book values
     of approximately RMB26,276,000 and RMB14,017,000, respectively, to secure certain bank borrowings and general
     banking facilities granted to the Group.

     Contingent Liabilities
     As at 30 June 2026, the Group had no material contingent liabilities.

     Acquisitions and Disposals of Subsidiaries, Associates and Joint Ventures
     There has been no significant acquisition or disposal of subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures by the Group during
     the six months ended 30 June 2026.



25   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                                   OTHER INFORMATION


Share Award Scheme
The Company adopted the CMS share award scheme (“Share Award Scheme”) on 17 January 2024 to encourage
the Group’s core management team and key personnel to continue to make outstanding contributions to the
marketing and sales of new products, through an award (“Award”) of Shares. The Share Award Scheme does not
constitute a scheme involving the issue of new shares as referred to in Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules. Further details
regarding the Share Award Scheme are set out in the announcement of the Company dated 27 March 2024.

Since the adoption of the Share Award Scheme to the date of this report, a total of 3,973,400 Shares had been
granted and had vested in favour of 130 eligible participants, none of whom is a Director, chief executive or
substantial shareholder of the Company, or an associate of any of them as at 1 January 2026, 30 June 2026 or the
date of this report. There was no unvested Award as at 1 January 2026 or as at 30 June 2026. There was no Award
granted, vested, cancelled or lapsed during the Reporting Period.

As at 1 January 2026 and 30 June 2026, the number of Shares available for grant under the Share Award Scheme
was 96,026,600, representing approximately 3.95% of the issued Shares of the Company (excluding treasury shares)
as at 30 June 2026.


Share Option Scheme
As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Company did not have any share option scheme.


Interim Dividend
The Board has resolved to pay an interim dividend of RMB0.1634 (equivalent to HKD0.189 and SGD0.031) per
ordinary share of the Company for the six months ended 30 June 2026 to the shareholders (“Shareholders”) whose
names appear on the register of members of the Company after market closes on Tuesday, 1 September 2026 (the
“Record Date”). Payment of such interim dividend is expected to be made to the Shareholders on about Tuesday, 8
September 2026. For the purpose of determination of the Shareholders registered under the Company’s register of
members in Hong Kong and register of members in Singapore for receiving the interim dividend in Hong Kong dollars
or Singapore dollars respectively, any removal of the Shares between the Company’s register of members in Hong
Kong and register of members in Singapore has to be made by the Shareholders no later than 4:30 p.m. (both Hong
Kong and Singapore times) on Tuesday, 18 August 2026.

As at 30 June 2026, the Company held 6,397,000 Treasury Shares, and the Company did not hold any repurchased
shares pending cancellation. All Treasury Shares and repurchased shares pending cancellation will not receive the
interim cash dividend of the Company. The Company will withdraw the repurchased shares from Central Clearing
and Settlement System, and either re-register them in its own name as Treasury Shares or cancel them, in each case
before the last registration date for the interim cash dividend.

Closure of Register of Members
For Hong Kong Shareholders
The register of members of the Company will be closed on Tuesday, 1 September 2026, on which the registration of
transfer of shares of the Company (“Shares”) will be suspended. To qualify for the interim dividend, all transfer forms
of Shares accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company’s branch share registrar
in Hong Kong, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, at Shops 1712-1716, 17/F, Hopewell Centre,
183 Queen’s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong, for registration no later than 4:30 p.m. (Hong Kong time) on Monday,
31 August 2026. Interim dividend will be paid in Hong Kong dollars to Hong Kong Shareholders.



                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         26
                                                                                              INTERIM REPORT 2026
     OTHER INFORMATION
     (CONTINUED)




     For Singapore Shareholders
     To qualify for the interim dividend, all transfer documents accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be
     lodged with the Company’s Singapore share transfer agent, In.Corp Corporate Services Pte. Ltd. at 36 Robinson
     Road, #20-01 City House, Singapore 068877 for registration no later than 5:00 p.m. (Singapore time) on Tuesday, 1
     September 2026. Interim dividend will be paid in Singapore dollars to Singapore Shareholders.


     Directors’ and Chief Executive’s Interests and Short Positions in Shares,
     Underlying Shares and Debentures of the Company and Its Associated
     Corporations
     As of 30 June 2026, the interests or short positions of the Directors and Chief Executive in the shares, underlying
     shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the
     Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)) as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company
     pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the SEHK, pursuant to the Model
     Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) as set out in Appendix C3 of the
     Listing Rules were as follows:


                                                                             Class of Shares and
                                                                                                   Approximate Percentage
                                                                           Total Number of Shares/
          Name of Directors                  Nature of Interest                                    of shareholdings as of 30
                                                                           Underlying Shares Held
                                                                                                          June 2026
                                                                                   (Note 1)

     (a)The Company

                                                                                1,167,564,000 (L)
                                                                                                                         47.86%
                                            Interest in controlled
                                                                                    (Note 2)
              Mr. Lam Kong
                                                 corporation

           Ms. Chen Yanling                    Beneficial owner                    7,246,250 (L)                          0.30%

     (b)Associated Corporation – Dermavon Holdings Limited

                                                                                       97 (L)
                                                                                                                          0.89%
                                                                                      (Note 3)
              Mr. Lam Kong                     Beneficial owner

                                                                                       104 (L)
                                                                                                                          0.95%
                                                                                      (Note 4)
           Ms. Chen Yanling                    Beneficial owner


     Notes:
     1. The letter “L” denotes long positions in the Shares.
     2. These Shares are held by Mr. Lam Kong through Treasure Sea Limited, a company wholly owned by him.
     3. Mr. Lam Kong is entitled to 97 unvested shares underlying the awards granted to Mr. Lam under the share award scheme of Dermavon
     Holdings Limited.
     4. Ms. Chen Yanling is entitled to 104 unvested shares underlying the restricted share units granted to Ms. Chen under the share incentive
     scheme of Dermavon Holdings Limited.


     Save as disclosed above, as of 30 June 2026, none of the Directors and Chief Executive of the Company had
     any interests or short positions in the shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or its associated
     corporations (within the meaning in Part XV of the SFO), which were required to be and are recorded in the register
     required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, or which were required to be notified to the
     Company and the SEHK, pursuant to the Model Code.




27   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                                                          OTHER INFORMATION
                                                                                                     (CONTINUED)




Directors’ Right to Acquire Shares or Debentures
At no time during the Reporting Period were rights to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in or
debentures of the Company granted to any Director or their respective spouses or minor children, or were any such
rights exercised by them; nor was the Company or any of its subsidiaries a party to any arrangements to enable the
Directors, their respective spouses or minor children to acquire such rights in any other body corporate.


Substantial Shareholders’ Interests and Short Positions in Shares,
Underlying Shares and Debentures of the Company and Its Associated
Corporations
Saved as disclosed above, as of 30 June 2026, the Directors were not aware of any other person (other than the
Directors or the Chief Executive of the Company) who held interests and short positions in the shares or underlying
shares or debentures of the Company which would have to be disclosed to the Company and the Stock Exchange
pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or were recorded in the register required to be kept by the
Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.


Purchase, Sale or Redemption of the Company’s Listed Securities
Repurchase Mandate
The Directors have been granted the general mandate (the "2026 Repurchase Mandate") pursuant to the resolutions
of the shareholders passed on 23 April 2026, to repurchase Shares in the open market from time to time. Pursuant to
the 2026 Repurchase Mandate, the Company is allowed to repurchase up to 10% of the total number of the issued
Shares (excluding any treasury Shares) on the date of passing such resolution.

Share Repurchase
Based on its strong confidence in its long-term value, the Group continues to repurchase the shares. During the
Reporting Period, the Company repurchased an aggregate of 6,397,000 Shares with a nominal value of US$0.005
each on the SEHK at an aggregate consideration, before expenses, of HK$67,650,180 under the 2026 Repurchase
Mandate. All of the repurchased Shares were held astreasury shares. The Board believes the repurchases are
expected to enhance net asset value per Share and/or earnings per Share and are in the interests of the shareholders
as a whole. Details of the repurchase are as follows:


                                                          Price per Share (HK$)                   Aggregate
                         Number of Shares
 Date of Repurchase                                                                            Consideration Paid
                           Repurchased             Highest Price          Lowest Price               (HK$)
    29 May 2026              1,020,000                 10.65                  10.40               10,806,890
     1 June 2026              507,000                  11.18                  10.75                5,579,880
    2 June 2026               650,000                  11.16                  11.00                7,205,540
    3 June 2026               900,000                  11.00                  10.62                9,685,480
    4 June 2026              1,010,000                 10.63                  10.45               10,651,460
    8 June 2026              1,010,000                 10.45                  10.18               10,438,130
    9 June 2026               400,000                  10.35                  10.23                4,112,800
    17 June 2026              400,000                  10.32                  10.20                4,111,150
    24 June 2026              500,000                  10.22                   9.94                5,058,850
         Total               6,397,000                   -                       -                67,650,180




                                                                          CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        28
                                                                                           INTERIM REPORT 2026
     OTHER INFORMATION
     (CONTINUED)




     As at 30 June 2026, the number of the issued Shares of the Company was 2,439,528,512 Shares (including 6,397,000
     treasury Shares).

     Save as disclosed above, none of the Company or any of its subsidiaries has purchased, sold or redeemed any of the
     listed securities of the Company (including treasury shares) during the Reporting Period.


     Employees
     As of 30 June 2026, the Group had a total of 6,716 employees. To meet the talent development needs of the Group,
     the Group continuously optimize the Group’s strategy, organizational structure and position competency, improve
     the Group’s performance management and salary incentive system, etc., further stimulate organizational vitality and
     improve organizational operation efficiency, enabling the Group’s human resource management to fully match with the
     Group’s development strategy. The Group provides employees with competitive remuneration packages, including
     medium- and long-term equity incentive schemes, salaries, bonuses, insurance and benefits, which are based on
     employees’ performance and are measured against specific objective criteria. Additionally, the Group is committed
     to providing equal opportunities to all employees in all respects and has made efforts in continuing education and
     training programs for employees, such as orientation programs for new employees, regulatory compliance training
     and job skills training, to continuously enhance employees’ knowledge, skills and overall capabilities.


     Audit Committee
     The Company established an Audit Committee in 2007. The Audit Committee currently comprises three independent
     non-executive Directors, and is chaired by Mr. Fung Ching Simon, with Mr. Leung Chong Shun and Ms. Luo Laura
     Ying as Committee members.

     The primary duties of the Audit Committee are to provide the Directors with an independent review of the
     effectiveness of the financial reporting process, internal control and risk management system of the Company, to
     oversee the audit process and to perform other duties and responsibilities as assigned by the Directors. The Audit
     Committee also oversees the Company’s appointment of external auditors.

     The Company’s interim result announcement and interim report for the six months ended 30 June 2026 have been
     reviewed by the Audit Committee of the Company and approved by the Board with recommendation of the Audit
     Committee.


     Changes in Director’s Information
     During the Reporting Period and up to the Latest Practicable Date (17 August 2026) of this Interim Report, there are
     no matters that the Directors need to disclose in accordance with Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules.


     Corporate Governance Practices
     During the Reporting Period, the Company has complied with the applicable principles and code provisions of the
     Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) as set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules, except for a deviation
     from the Code Provision C.2.1 in respect of the roles of Chairman and Chief Executive which shall not be performed
     by the same individual.




29   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                                                          OTHER INFORMATION
                                                                                                      (CONTINUED)




Mr. Lam Kong has been both the Chairman and Chief Executive of the Company and his responsibilities are clearly
established and set out in writing and approved by the Board. Given the Group’s current stage of development, the
Board considers that vesting the roles of Chairman and Chief Executive in the same person facilitates the execution
of the Group’s business strategies and maximizes effectiveness of its operations. The Board shall nevertheless review
the Group’s management structure from time to time and shall consider any appropriate adjustments should new
circumstances arise.

The Company makes available to the Directors monthly updates of the Company, in order to keep the Directors
informed of the Company’s latest performance and operations. In addition, the Directors also receive regular updates
from time to time on changes and developments of the relevant legislation and regulatory environments.

All Directors participate in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills
to ensure that their advice to the Board remains effective and relevant. The Company keeps records of the training
received by Directors.


Directors’ Securities Transactions
The Company has adopted the Written Guidelines for Securities Transactions by Directors and Relevant Employees
(the “Written Guidelines”) on no less exacting terms than the Model Code as the code of conduct for Directors’
securities transactions. Having made specific inquiries in relation to the compliance with the Written Guidelines for
securities transactions by Directors, the Company confirmed that all the Directors have complied with the relevant
standards for securities transactions by Directors set out in the Written Guidelines during the Reporting Period. The
Written Guidelines also apply to other specified senior management of the Company.

Employees who are likely to be in possession of unpublished price-sensitive information about the Company are also
subject to compliance with the Written Guidelines. No incident of non-compliance with the Written Guidelines by
such employees was noted by the Company in the Reporting Period.


Disclosure of Information
The Interim Report will be duly dispatched to shareholders of the Company and published on websites of the SEHK
(www.hkexnews.hk), the SGX-ST (www.sgx.com) and the Company (www.cms.net.cn).




                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        30
                                                                                            INTERIM REPORT 2026
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT
     OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER
     COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
     FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2026
                                                                                     Six months ended 30 June
                                                                             NOTES            2026           2025
                                                                                           RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                                         (unaudited)    (unaudited)
     Turnover                                                                  3          4,500,733      4,001,980
     Cost of goods sold                                                                  (1,280,173)    (1,110,068)
     Gross profit                                                                        3,220,560       2,891,912
     Other income                                                                          116,544          79,155
     Other gains and losses                                                                (78,028)         76,658
     Selling expenses                                                                   (1,431,028)     (1,424,465)
     Administrative expenses                                                              (439,931)       (430,817)
     Research and development expenses                                                    (356,675)       (202,489)
     Finance costs                                                                          (8,157)        (11,277)
     Share of results of associates                                                        166,125         164,619
     Share of results of a joint venture                                                     1,098             749
     Profit before tax                                                                   1,190,508       1,144,045
     Income tax expense                                                        4          (219,024)       (212,552)
     Profit for the period                                                     5          971,484         931,493
     Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
     Share of other comprehensive expense of associates                                     (8,971)        (1,845)
     Exchange differences arising on translation of foreign operations                      (7,671)        (1,082)
     Exchange differences arising on translation of interest in associates                 (17,204)        25,455
     Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
     Fair value (loss) gain on equity instrument
       at fair value through other comprehensive income                                    (11,283)           633
     Other comprehensive (expense) income for the period,
      net of income tax                                                                    (45,129)         23,161
     Total comprehensive income for the period                                            926,355         954,654
     Profit (loss) for the period attributable to:
      Owners of the Company                                                               986,101         941,178
      Non-controlling interests                                                           (14,617)          (9,685)
                                                                                          971,484         931,493
     Total comprehensive income (expense) for the period attributable to:
      Owners of the Company                                                               940,972         964,339
      Non-controlling interests                                                           (14,617)          (9,685)
                                                                                          926,355         954,654
                                                                                             RMB             RMB
     Earnings per share                                                        7
      Basic                                                                                0.4075           0.3892




31   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     INTERIM REPORT 2026
        CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                          FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                        AT 30 JUNE 2026




                                                                           30 June      31 December
                                                        NOTES                 2026              2025
                                                                          RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                        (unaudited)          (audited)
Non-current assets
 Property, plant and equipment                            8                361,025           366,702
 Right-of-use assets                                                        88,941            79,388
 Interest in associates                                   9              3,637,348         3,509,594
 Interest in a joint venture                                               173,406           172,308
 Intangible assets                                                       2,693,692         2,213,765
 Goodwill                                                                1,511,261         1,511,261
 Equity instruments at fair value through
  other comprehensive income                                               380,561           357,593
 Deposits paid for acquisition of intangible assets                      1,364,787         1,480,664
 Amount due from associates                              11                 30,000            30,000
 Deferred tax assets                                                        56,706            58,795
 Loan receivable                                                           113,379           120,216
                                                                        10,411,106          9,900,286
Current assets
 Inventories                                                               928,128           803,958
 Financial asset at fair value through profit or loss                    3,181,053         3,084,902
 Trade and other receivables and prepayments             10              2,316,577         2,258,566
 Tax recoverable                                                               876             1,270
 Amount due from associates                              11                262,976           448,493
 Bank balances and cash                                                  2,571,902         2,701,380
                                                                         9,261,512          9,298,569
Current liabilities
 Trade and other payables                                12               291,521            495,716
 Lease liabilities                                                         16,463             16,597
 Contract liabilities                                                      14,588             12,133
 Bank borrowings                                         13               834,675            651,815
 Tax liabilities                                                          238,380            292,962
                                                                         1,395,627          1,469,223
Net current assets                                                       7,865,885          7,829,346
Total assets less current liabilities                                   18,276,991        17,729,632




                                                                CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED     32
                                                                                 INTERIM REPORT 2026
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
     (CONTINUED)
     AT 30 JUNE 2026




                                                                                       30 June        31 December
                                                                     NOTE                 2026               2025
                                                                                      RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                    (unaudited)           (audited)
     Capital and reserves
      Share capital                                                   14                83,564              83,564
      Reserves                                                                      17,863,356          17,312,174
     Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                   17,946,920          17,395,738
     Non-controlling interests                                                         132,449             147,025
                                                                                    18,079,369          17,542,763
     Non-current liabilities
      Deferred tax liabilities                                                         165,824             165,202
      Lease liabilities                                                                 31,798              21,667
                                                                                       197,622             186,869
                                                                                    18,276,991          17,729,632


     The condensed consolidated financial statements on pages 31 to 46 were approved and authorised for issue by the
     Board of Directors on 17 August 2026 and are signed on its behalf by:




                                          LAM Kong               CHEN Yanling
                                          DIRECTOR                DIRECTOR




33   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     INTERIM REPORT 2026
               CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                                 CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                                                              FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2026



                                                                            Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                                                                                                          Attributable
                                                                      Surplus                      Investments                                                              to non-
                                  Share      Share         Capital    reserve       Translation     revaluation    Accumulated     Dividend     Treasury      Sub-        controlling
                                  Capital   premium        reserve      fund          reserve         reserve         profits       reserve       stock        total       interests       Total
                                 RMB’000    RMB’000       RMB’000    RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000
Balance at 1 January
 2026 (audited)                    83,564   2,025,625       19,545     440,556          66,003         (178,256)     14,738,721     330,641      (130,661) 17,395,738        147,025      17,542,763
Profit (loss) for the period            -             -          -              -             -               -        986,101             -            -      986,101        (14,617)       971,484
Other comprehensive expense
 for the period                         -             -          -              -       (33,846)        (11,283)              -            -            -      (45,129)              -       (45,129)
Total comprehensive expense
 (income) for the period                -             -          -              -       (33,846)        (11,283)       986,101             -            -      940,972        (14,617)       926,355
Repurchase of ordinary shares
 in treasury stock (note 14)            -             -          -              -             -               -               -            -      (59,149)     (59,149)              -       (59,149)
Capital contribution from
 non-controlling interests              -             -          -           -                -               -               -            -            -            -             41             41
Dividends paid (note 6)                 -             -          -           -                -               -               -     (330,641)           -     (330,641)             -       (330,641)
Dividends proposed (note 6)             -             -          -           -                -               -        (394,465)     394,465            -            -              -              -
Transfer of reserves                    -             -          -       8,989                -               -          (8,989)           -            -            -              -              -
Balance at 30 June
 2026 (unaudited)                  83,564   2,025,625       19,545     449,545          32,157         (189,539)     15,321,368     394,465      (189,810) 17,946,920        132,449      18,079,369


                                                                           Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                                                                                                          Attributable
                                                                      Surplus                      Investments                                                              to non-
                                  Share      Share         Capital    reserve       Translation     revaluation    Accumulated     Dividend     Treasury      Sub-        controlling
                                  Capital   premium        reserve      fund          reserve         reserve         profits       reserve       stock        total       interests       Total
                                 RMB’000    RMB’000       RMB’000    RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000
Balance at 1 January
 2025 (audited)                    83,564   2,025,601       19,545     438,872          65,191         (406,066)     13,959,009     283,700      (157,947) 16,311,469          91,639     16,403,108
Profit (loss) for the period            -             -          -              -             -               -        941,178             -            -     941,178           (9,685)     931,493
Other comprehensive income
 for the period                         -             -          -              -       22,528             633                -            -            -      23,161                -       23,161
Total comprehensive income
 (expense) for the period               -             -          -              -       22,528             633         941,178             -            -      964,339          (9,685)      954,654
Recognition of equity-settled
 share-based payments (note14)          -         24             -              -             -               -               -            -      27,286        27,310               -        27,310
Capital contribution from
 non-controlling interests              -             -          -          -                 -               -               -            -            -            -         64,812         64,812
Dividends paid (note 6)                 -             -          -          -                 -               -            (467)    (283,700)           -     (284,167)             -       (284,167)
Dividends proposed (note 6)             -             -          -          -                 -               -        (376,388)     376,388            -            -              -              -
Transfer of reserves                    -             -          -        793                 -               -            (793)           -            -            -              -              -
Balance at 30 June
 2025 (unaudited)                  83,564   2,025,625       19,545     439,665          87,719         (405,433)     14,522,539     376,388      (130,661) 17,018,951        146,766      17,165,717




                                                                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED                                        34
                                                                                                                                            INTERIM REPORT 2026
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
     CASH FLOWS
     FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2026




                                                                                  Six months ended 30 June
                                                                          NOTES          2026              2025
                                                                                      RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                   (unaudited)       (unaudited)

     Net cash from operating activities                                               692,686           556,838

     Net cash used in investing activities
      Purchase of property, plant and equipment                             8         (33,759)           (7,298)
      Payments for acquisitions of financial assets
       at fair value through profit or loss                                          (132,843)         (277,441)
      Payments for acquisitions of equity instruments
       at fair value through other comprehensive income                               (34,314)                -
      Deposits for acquisition of intangible assets                                  (468,061)         (225,113)
      Interest received                                                                24,795            38,737
      Dividend received from associates                                               105,474           132,202
      Dividend received from financial assets
       at fair value through profit or loss                                            14,527             6,943
      Disposal of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                10,681                 -
      Proceeds on disposal of a subsidiary in prior years                              35,000                 -
      Capital injection to associates                                                 (94,513)         (125,667)

                                                                                     (573,013)         (457,637)

     Net cash used in financing activities
      Interest paid                                                                    (7,197)          (11,317)
      Dividends paid                                                        6        (330,641)         (284,167)
      Payment of lease liabilities                                                     (8,816)           (8,981)
      New bank borrowings raised                                                      464,893           305,700
      Repayment of bank borrowings                                                   (282,033)         (422,000)
      Payment on repurchase of shares                                                 (59,149)                -
      Capital contribution from non-controlling interests                                  41            64,812

                                                                                     (222,902)         (355,953)

     Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                       (103,229)         (256,752)
     Cash and cash equivalent at beginning of the period                            2,701,380         3,706,501
     Effect of exchange rate changes on the balance of
      cash held in foreign currencies                                                 (26,249)            4,323

     Cash and cash equivalent at end of the period,
      represented by bank balances and cash                                         2,571,902         3,454,072




35   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     INTERIM REPORT 2026
       NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                        FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2026




1.   BASIS OF PREPARATION
     The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International
     Accounting Standard 34 Interim Financial Reporting issued by the International Accounting Standards Board
     (“IASB”) as well as with the applicable disclosure requirements of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on
     the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.


2.   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
     The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for
     certain financial instruments, which are measured at fair values, as appropriate.

     Except as described below, the accounting policies and methods of computation used in the condensed
     consolidated financial statements for the six months ended 30 June 2026 are the same as those followed in the
     preparation of the Group’s annual financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2025.

     In the current interim period, the Group has applied, for the first time, certain amendments to IFRS Accounting
     Standards issued by the IASB that are mandatorily effective for the Group’s annual period beginning on 1
     January 2026 for the preparation of the Group’s condensed consolidated financial statements. The application
     of amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards in the current interim period has had no material effect on the
     amounts reported in these condensed consolidated financial statements and/or disclosures set out in these
     condensed consolidated financial statements.


3.   TURNOVER AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
     Turnover

     The Group mainly sells pharmaceutical products to distributors throughout the PRC and provides promotion
     services to certain pharmaceutical manufacturers.

     For sales of pharmaceutical products to customers, revenue is recognised at a point in time when control of the
     pharmaceutical products is passed to customers, i.e. when the products are delivered and titles have passed to
     customers upon receipt by customers.

     For provision of promotion services to customers, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the Group
     satisfies its obligation to arrange for the pharmaceutical products to be provided by suppliers to distributors.

     The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue from its major products and services:

                                                                                    Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                           2026              2025
                                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000
     Sales of pharmaceutical products                                                  3,558,117         3,088,802
     Promotion income                                                                    942,616           913,178
                                                                                       4,500,733            4,001,980




                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          36
                                                                                             INTERIM REPORT 2026
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2026




           The Group’s sales and promotion income is generated from external customers, the majority of whom are located
           in the PRC.

           Segment information

           The Group determines its operating segments based on the internal reports reviewed by the chief operating
           decision maker, the Executive Directors of the Company that are used for resources allocation and assessment of
           segment performance.

           The Group had two reportable operating segments, i.e. (i) integrated pharmaceuticals portfolio (the “Integrated
           Business”) and (ii) skin health related business (the “Skin Health Business”).

           The revenue and performance of reportable operating segments of the Group are analyzed below:

           For the six months ended 30 June 2026

                                               Integrated          Skin Health
                                                Business            Business            Elimination             Total
                                                RMB’000             RMB’000              RMB’000              RMB’000
           External revenue                      3,708,198            792,535                      -          4,500,733
           Inter-segment revenue                     4,338                   9               (4,347)                  -
           Turnover                             3,712,536              792,544               (4,347)          4,500,733
           Gross profit                         2,659,952              564,946               (4,338)          3,220,560
           Profit for the period                  914,019               57,465                    -             971,484


           For the six months ended 30 June 2025

                                               Integrated          Skin Health
                                                Business            Business            Elimination             Total
                                                RMB’000             RMB’000              RMB’000              RMB’000
           External revenue                      3,528,576            473,404                     -           4,001,980
           Inter-segment revenue                    18,953              24,624              (43,577)                  -
           Turnover                             3,547,529              498,028              (43,577)          4,001,980
           Gross profit                         2,621,852              307,728              (37,668)          2,891,912
           Profit (loss) for the period           982,033               (31,080)            (19,460)            931,493




37   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     INTERIM REPORT 2026
                              NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    (CONTINUED)
                                                                             FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2026




     The assets and liabilities of reportable operating segments of the group are analyzed below:

     As at 30 June 2026
                                         Integrated          Skin Health
                                          Business            Business            Elimination           Total
                                          RMB’000             RMB’000              RMB’000            RMB’000
     Segment assets                       19,880,313           2,698,906           (2,906,601)        19,672,618
     Segment liabilities                  1,486,972              116,577              (10,300)         1,593,249

     As at 31 December 2025
                                         Integrated          Skin Health
                                          Business            Business            Elimination           Total
                                          RMB’000             RMB’000              RMB’000            RMB’000
     Segment assets                       19,468,422           2,635,017           (2,904,584)        19,198,855
     Segment liabilities                  1,554,224              110,151               (8,283)         1,656,092



4.   INCOME TAX EXPENSE
                                                                                 Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                        2026              2025
                                                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000
     Current tax:
      PRC Enterprise Income Tax                                                       164,363            124,222
      Macau Complementary Income Tax                                                   33,009             60,714
      Hong Kong Profits Tax                                                                 -              1,366
      Dubai Tax                                                                             -              7,198
      Withholding tax                                                                  17,500                  -
                                                                                      214,872            193,500
     Deferred taxation:
      Current period                                                                    4,152             19,052
     Income tax expense for the period                                                219,024            212,552




                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED     38
                                                                                            INTERIM REPORT 2026
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2026




     5.    PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD
                                                                                        Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                               2026              2025
                                                                                            RMB’000           RMB’000
           Profit for the period has been arrived at after charging (crediting):
           Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                     19,488                23,713
           Amortisation of intangible assets (included in cost of goods sold)               112,927                97,751
           Cost of inventories recognised as an expense                                   1,105,019            1,008,582
           Equity-settled share-based expense                                                     -                27,310
           Interest income                                                                  (24,795)             (47,841)
           Net exchange loss (gain)                                                          30,285               (16,771)



     6.    DIVIDENDS
           During the Reporting Period, a final dividend of RMB0.1366 per share in respect of the year ended 31 December
           2025 (six months ended 30 June 2025: RMB0.1174 per share in respect of the year ended 31 December
           2024) was declared and paid to the owners of the Company. The aggregate amount of the final dividend
           declared and paid during the Reporting Period amounted to RMB330,641,000 (six months ended 30 June 2025:
           RMB284,167,000).

           Subsequent to the end of the interim period, the directors have determined that an interim dividend of RMB0.1634
           per share and amounting to RMB394,465,000 (six months ended 30 June 2025: RMB0.1555 per share and
           amounting to RMB376,388,000) will be paid to the shareholders of the Company.


     7.    EARNINGS PER SHARE
           The calculation of the basic earnings per share attributable to the owners of the Company is based on the
           following data:

                                                                                        Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                               2026              2025
                                                                                            RMB’000           RMB’000
           Earnings
           Earnings for the purposes of basic earnings per share
           (profit for the period attributable to owners of the Company)                    986,101              941,178
           Number of shares
           Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the
           purpose of basic earnings per share                                        2,419,645,984        2,418,526,188


           No diluted earnings per share for the six months ended 30 June 2026 and for the six months ended 30 June 2025
           were presented as there were no potential ordinary shares in issue for both periods.




39   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     INTERIM REPORT 2026
                              NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                         (CONTINUED)
                                                                              FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2026




8.   MOVEMENTS IN PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
     During the Reporting Period, the Group spent RMB33,759,000 (six months ended 30 June 2025: RMB7,298,000)
     on the acquisition of property, plant and equipment in order to upgrade its manufacturing and management
     efficiency.


9.   INTEREST IN ASSOCIATES
                                                                                         30 June        31 December
                                                                                            2026               2025
                                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000
     Cost of investments in associates
      Listed outside Hong Kong                                                         2,304,356            2,304,356
      Unlisted                                                                           698,907              604,394
     Impairment loss on interest in an associate                                        (120,000)            (120,000)
     Share of post-acquisition profits and other
      comprehensive income, net of dividends received                                    741,025              689,345
     Adjustment for disposal of an associate                                              (8,008)              (8,008)
     Exchange adjustments                                                                 21,068               39,507
                                                                                       3,637,348            3,509,594
     Fair value of listed investment (Note)                                            4,501,910            5,123,196


     Note: The fair value of the Group’s interest in Tibet Rhodiola Pharmaceutical Holding Co. (“Tibet Pharmaceutical”),
           of which its shares are listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, was determined on the basis of the quoted
           market price available on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, which is a level 1 input in terms of IFRS 13.

     As at 30 June 2026 and 31 December 2025, details of the associates are as follows:


                           Place of    Principal                  Proportion of
                        establishment/ place of                ownership interest
     Name of associates incorporation business                held by the Group           Principal activities
                                                             30 June    31 December
                                                              2026           2025
     Tibet Pharmaceutical         PRC            PRC         37.82%         37.36%        Production of medicines
                                                                                           and sale of drugs

     Eye Tech Care (“ETC”)       France         France       36.21%         36.21%        Research and development of
                                                                                           therapeutic ultrasound device

     PharmaGend Global          Singapore      Singapore     41.98%         41.98%        Production of medicines and
      Medical Services Pte.                                                                sale of drugs
      Ltd (“PharmaGend”)

     Higend Sciences Limited Cayman Islands    Singapore     47.22%         47.22%        Research and development
                                                                                           of medicines




                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          40
                                                                                             INTERIM REPORT 2026
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2026




     10. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES AND PREPAYMENTS
                                                                                                30 June        31 December
                                                                                                   2026                2025
                                                                                               RMB’000             RMB’000
           Trade receivables                                                                  1,522,302           1,599,130
           Less: allowance for credit losses                                                    (11,216)             (11,256)
                                                                                              1,511,086              1,587,874
           Bills receivables                                                                    278,696                226,480
           Purchase prepayment                                                                  360,514                261,226
           Other receivables and deposits                                                       166,281                182,986
                                                                                              2,316,577              2,258,566


           The Group normally allows a credit period ranging from 0 to 90 days to its trade customers, but longer credit
           period up to four months is allowed to some selected customers.

           An aging analysis of the trade receivables (net of allowance for credit losses) presented based on the dates of
           receipt of goods at the respective reporting dates, which approximated the respective revenue recognition date, is
           as follows:
                                                                                              30 June       31 December
                                                                                                 2026                 2025
                                                                                             RMB’000             RMB’000
            0 - 90 days                                                                     1,473,378           1,543,981
            91 - 365 days                                                                      37,708               43,893
                                                                                              1,511,086              1,587,874


           The bills receivables of the Group are of the age within six months at the end of the Reporting Period.


     11.   AMOUNT DUE FROM ASSOCIATES
           As at 30 June 2026, the balance of approximately RMB30,000,000 (31 December 2025: RMB30,000,000)
           was non-trade nature and non-interest bearing, represented deposit to Tibet Pharmaceutical for an exclusive
           distribution right.

           As at 30 June 2026, the balance of approximately RMB262,976,000 (31 December 2025: RMB448,493,000) was
           trade nature and non-interest bearing, represented promotion income receivables from Tibet Pharmaceutical and
           ETC. As at 30 June 2026, the credit period allowed to associates by the Group was approximately 75 days (31
           December 2025: 90 days). The balance as at 30 June 2026 was aged within three months (31 December 2025:
           within three months) based on the invoice date.




41   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     INTERIM REPORT 2026
                             NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     (CONTINUED)
                                                                           FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2026




12. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
   An aging analysis of the trade payables presented based on the invoice date at the end of the Reporting Period is
   as follows:
                                                                                     30 June        31 December
                                                                                        2026                 2025
                                                                                    RMB’000              RMB’000
   0 - 90 days                                                                        96,754               99,938
   91 - 365 days                                                                       1,668                2,803
   Over 365 days                                                                       1,541                3,834
   Trade payables                                                                     99,963              106,575
   Payroll and welfare payables                                                      103,721              235,252
   Other tax payables                                                                 27,152               85,087
   Accrued promotion expenses                                                         17,898               23,818
   Accruals                                                                           27,724               29,794
   Other payables                                                                     15,063               15,190
                                                                                     291,521              495,716


   The credit period on purchases of goods ranges from 0 to 120 days.


13. BANK BORROWINGS
                                                                                     30 June        31 December
                                                                                        2026               2025
                                                                                    RMB’000             RMB’000
          Bank loans                                                                 834,675             651,815
          Analysed as:
          Unsecured                                                                  823,047              650,033
          Secured                                                                     11,628                1,782
          Classified as:
          Current liabilities                                                        834,675              651,815
          Non-current liabilities                                                          -                    -


   During the Reporting Period, the Group’s bank borrowings increased by a net amount of RMB182,860,000 (six
   months ended 30 June 2025: decreased by a net amount of RMB116,300,000), the weighted average interest
   rate of loans was 1.9% (six months ended 30 June 2025: 2.3%) per annum.




                                                                         CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         42
                                                                                          INTERIM REPORT 2026
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2026




     14. SHARE CAPITAL
                                                                                          Number of shares                Amount
                                                                                                      ’000               RMB’000
           Authorised share capital:
           At 31 December 2025 and 30 June 2026                                                 20,000,000                765,218
           Issued and fully paid:
           At 31 December 2025 and 30 June 2026                                                  2,439,529                  83,564

           During the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Company repurchased its own ordinary shares through the Stock
           Exchange of Hong Kong Limited as follows:


                                                        No. of ordinary
                                                            shares                 Price per share              Aggregated
           Month of repurchase                        of US$0.005 each           Highest     Lowest          consideration paid
                                                                                  HK$          HK$                 HK$

           May 2026                                             1,020,000         10.65          10.40                 10,846,000
           June 2026                                            5,377,000         11.18           9.94                 57,049,000
           Total                                                 6,397,000                                             67,895,000


           During the six months ended 30 June 2026, 6,397,000 ordinary shares were repurchased at a consideration
           of HK$67,895,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB59,149,000) by the trustee of the Company and were not
           cancelled and remained as treasury stock in equity as at 30 June 2026.


     15. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
           Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis

           Some of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting
           period. The following table gives information on how the fair values of these financial assets and financial liabilities
           are determined (in particular, the valuation techniques and inputs used), as well as the level of the fair value
           hierarchy into which the fair value measurements are categorised (levels 1 to 3) based on the degree to which the
           inputs to the fair value measurements are observable.


           •   Level 1 fair value measurements are those derived from quoted prices (unadjusted) in the active market
               for identical assets or liabilities;

           •   Level 2 fair value measurements are those derived from inputs other than quoted prices included within
               Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived
               from prices); and

           •   Level 3 fair value measurements are those derived from valuation techniques that include inputs for the
               assets or liabilities that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).




43   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     INTERIM REPORT 2026
                           NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                    (CONTINUED)
                                                                                      FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2026




Financial                                                 Fair value            Valuation techniques                Significant
instruments                    Fair value as at           hierarchy                and key inputs               unobservableinputs
                         30/06/2026      31/12/2025
1) Equity instruments   Assets -        Nil                Level 2         Recent Transaction method,         Nil
   at FVTOCI -          RMB                                                quoted bid prices in an
   unlisted equity      34,055,000                                         inactive market.
   securities

2) Equity instruments   Assets -        Assets -           Level 3         Market approach by applying        The ratio of market
   at FVTOCI -          RMB             RMB                                market multiples such as the       capital to net book
   unlisted equity      346,506,000     357,593,000                        ratio of market capital to net     value from comparable
   securities                                                              book value from comparable         companies
                                                                           companies.

3) Financial asset at   Assets -        Assets -           Level 1         Quoted bid prices in an active     Nil
   FVTPL - listed       RMB             RMB                                market.
   equity securities    1,065,000       7,704,000

4) Financial asset at   Assets -        Assets -           Level 3         Direct comparison - reference      Recent transaction
   FVTPL - capital      RMB             RMB                                to market evidence of recent       prices of underlying
   funds                1,198,889,000   1,174,198,000                      transaction prices of the          investments
                                                                           underlying investments.

5) Financial asset at   Assets -        Assets -           Level 2         Recent Transaction method,         Nil
   FVTPL - unlisted     RMB             RMB                                quoted bid prices in an inactive
   equity securities    1,482,829,000   1,375,526,000                      market.

6) Financial asset at   Assets -        Assets -           Level 2         Recent Transaction method,         Nil
   FVTPL -              RMB             RMB                                quoted bid prices in an
   convertible bond     170,273,000     175,720,000                        inactive market.

7) Financial asset at   Assets -        Assets -           Level 3         Market approach by applying        The ratio of market
   FVTPL - unlisted     RMB             RMB                                market multiples such as the       capital to net book
   equity securities    327,997,000     351,754,000                        ratio of market capita to net      value from comparable
                                                                           book value from comparable         companies
                                                                           companies.



Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements

                                                  Equity instruments              Financial assets
                                                     at FVTOCI                       at FVTPL                        Total
                                                      RMB’000                        RMB’000                        RMB’000

As at 1 January 2026                                        357,593                        1,525,952                    1,883,545
Purchases                                                              -                       37,981                       37,981
Disposal                                                               -                       (1,623)                      (1,623)
Transfer to level 2 from level 3                                       -                      (20,371)                     (20,371)
Total gains
- in profit or loss                                               -                           (15,053)                     (15,053)
- in other comprehensive income                             (11,087)                                -                      (11,087)
As at 30 June 2026                                          346,506                        1,526,886                    1,873,392




                                                                                   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED              44
                                                                                                    INTERIM REPORT 2026
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2026




           Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are not measured at fair value on a recurring
           basis

           The directors of the Company consider that the carrying amounts of financial assets and financial liabilities
           recorded at amortised cost in the condensed consolidated financial statements approximate their fair values.


     16. CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
                                                                                                 30 June          31 December
                                                                                                    2026                 2025
                                                                                                RMB’000               RMB’000
           Capital expenditure in respect of the acquisition of property,
            plant and equipment contracted for but not provided
            in the condensed consolidated financial statements                                     70,905                76,020

           Capital expenditure in respect of the acquisition of
            below items contracted for but not provided in the
            condensed consolidated financial statements
            - financial assets at FVTPL                                                          374,856                409,813
            - interest in an associate                                                            74,920                172,206



     17.   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
           Balances and transactions between the Company and its subsidiaries, which are related parties of the Company,
           have been eliminated on consolidation and are not disclosed in this note. Details of transactions between the
           Group and other related parties are disclosed below, in addition to the transactions and balances disclosed
           elsewhere in the condensed consolidated financial statements.




45   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     INTERIM REPORT 2026
                         NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   (CONTINUED)
                                                                         FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2026




(a)   The Group entered into the following transactions with related parties during the Reporting Period:


      Name of                                    Nature of                    Six months ended 30 June
      related company           Relationship     transactions                        2026              2025
                                                                                  RMB’000           RMB’000

      Tibet Pharmaceutical      Associate        Promotion income                  761,505               834,632
      ETC                       Associate        Purchase of goods                   1,120                     -
      ETC                       Associate        Promotion income                        -                 3,453
      Shenzhen Mediportal
       Health Medical
       Internet Limited         Related party    Service fee                          2,688                  257
      Shenzhen Mediportal
       Health Technology
       Co., Ltd.                Related party    Service fee                            634                 1,515
      A&B (HK) Company
       Limited (“A&B”)          Related party    Royalty expenses                       783                  805
      PharmaGend                Associate        Service fee                          4,639                    -


(b)   On 20 August 2018, the Group entered into a framework asset transfer agreement with A&B relating to
      the pharmaceutical preparation, formulation, dosage form, or delivery vehicle, containing or comprising
      NRL-1 etc. and/or line extensions developed by or for Neurelis, Inc. (“Neurelis”) (collectively, the “Product
      of NRL-1”). Neurelis is one of Group’s unlisted equity investments. According to terms of such agreement,
      the Group has agreed to acquire from A&B all assets related to the Product of NRL-1 (the “Assets of NRL-
      1”) in the Territories (the “Transaction of NRL-1”). A&B obtained the Assets of NRL-1 from its related entity
      which in turn obtained the Assets of NRL-1 from Neurelis. As at 31 December 2023, the Group and A&B
      had negotiated and agreed on the terms of the Transaction of NRL-1, the Group has agreed to pay A&B a
      royalty payment of up to US$0.6 per Unit of NRL-1 imported into or sold in the Territories, and the Group
      has agreed to pay A&B a royalty payment of 9.0% on the net sales of NRL-1 sold by the Group in the
      Territories. The Group has accrual amount of RMB783,000 (six months ended 30 June 2025: RMB805,000)
      of royalty expense during six months ended 30 June 2026.

(c)   The remuneration of key management personnel during the Reporting Period amounted to RMB5,262,000
      (six months ended 30 June 2025: RMB7,121,000).




                                                                       CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          46
                                                                                        INTERIM REPORT 2026
