CONTENTS

CORPORATE INFORMATION.......................................................................................................................................1

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS.............................................................................................................................................2

BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS. ............................................................................................................................................3

CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT..........................................................................................................................................5

MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS. ...........................................................................................................8

DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT...............................................................................................................33

DIRECTORS’ REPORT...............................................................................................................................................38

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT. ....................................................................................................................49

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT ........................................................................................................................................61

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME...............................66

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION.......................................................................................................67

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY.......................................................................................................69

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS.....................................................................................................................70

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.................................................................................................72
    CORPORATE INFORMATION


    Board of Directors                           Principal Bankers
    Executive Directors                          China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
    Mr. LAM Kong                                 Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited
    Mr. CHEN Hongbing                            DBS Bank (Hong Kong) Limited
    Ms. CHEN Yanling                             The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited
    Independent Non-Executive Directors
                                                 Registered Office
    Mr. LEUNG Chong Shun
    Ms. LUO Laura Ying                           Maples Corporate Services Limited
    Mr. FUNG Ching Simon                         PO Box 309
                                                 Ugland House
    Company Secretary                            Grand Cayman, KY1-1104
                                                 Cayman Islands
    Ms. WU Sanyan

    Authorized Representatives                   Headquarters and Principal Place of
                                                 Business in Hong Kong
    Ms. WU Sanyan
                                                 Unit 2106, 21/F
    Mr. LAM Kong
                                                 Island Place Tower
    Audit Committee                              510 King’s Road
                                                 North Point
    Mr. FUNG Ching Simon (Chairman)
                                                 Hong Kong
    Mr. LEUNG Chong Shun
    Ms. LUO Laura Ying                           Principal Contact Address in the PRC
    Remuneration Committee                       6F - 8F, Block B, Majialong Chuangxin Building
                                                 198 Daxin Road
    Mr. LEUNG Chong Shun (Chairman)
                                                 Nanshan District
    Ms. LUO Laura Ying
                                                 Shenzhen 518052
    Mr. FUNG Ching Simon
                                                 Guangdong Province
    Nomination Committee                         The PRC

    Ms. LUO Laura Ying (Chairman)                Branch Share Registrar in Hong Kong
    Mr. LAM Kong
                                                 Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
    Mr. LEUNG Chong Shun
                                                 Shops 1712-1716, 17/F, Hopewell Centre
    Mr. FUNG Ching Simon
                                                 183 Queen’s Road East
    Environmental, Social and                    Wan Chai
                                                 Hong Kong
    Governance Committee
    Ms. CHEN Yanling (Chairman)                  Stock Code
    Mr. LEUNG Chong Shun                         867
    Mr. FUNG Ching Simon
                                                 Company’s Website
    Auditors
                                                 www.cms.net.cn
    Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
    Registered Public Interest Entity Auditors



1   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                             FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS


•    Turnover up 9.8% to RMB9,150.3 million (2021: RMB8,337.2 million); in the case that all medicines were directly
     sold by the Group, turnover up 13.7% to RMB10,497.5 million (2021: RMB9,230.2 million)

•    Gross profit up 12.6% to RMB7,035.8 million (2021: RMB6,246.9 million); in the case that all medicines were
     directly sold by the Group, gross profit up 14.4% to RMB6,910.5 million (2021: RMB6,039.2 million)

•    Profit for the year up 8.3% to RMB3,276.2 million (2021: RMB3,025.3 million)

•    Basic earnings per share up 8.6% to RMB1.3281 (2021: RMB1.2228)

•    As at 31 December 2022, the Group’s bank balances and cash amounted to RMB4,376.4 million while readily
     realizable bank acceptance bills amounted to RMB269.6 million

•    Proposed final dividend of RMB0.2414 per share, bringing the total dividend for the year ended 31 December
     2022 to RMB0.5344 per share, representing an increase of 8.8% over last year (2021: final dividend of
     RMB0.2269 and total dividend of RMB0.4910 per share)


Turnover (in the case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group) and annual profit of the Group in the last
fifteen years are set out below:




Summary of Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                                          As at 31 December
                                 2018                2019               2020               2021              2022
                             RMB’000             RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000
Total assets               10,506,452         11,170,976          12,701,067         15,807,879        17,753,539
Total liabilities           2,102,377           1,654,844          1,598,352          2,960,892         3,016,462
Net assets                  8,404,075           9,516,132         11,102,715         12,846,987        14,737,077



                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED       2
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022
    BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS


    During the Reporting Period, the Group maintained a steady growth, which was driven by its strong product
    competitiveness and commercialization capability. The Group continued to invest in innovation pipelines with
    differentiated advantages and accelerated the clinical development and registration of innovative products in China,
    3 of which are soon to be approved for marketing. The independently operated dermatology and medical aesthetic
    business, ophthalmology business, and Southeast Asia business have made steady progress, where product layout
    and system construction have been continuously strengthened, bringing a broader growth potential for the Group.


    Innovative Pipeline Continually Expanded
    By joining hands with global innovation forces to continuously expand innovative pipeline that meet clinical needs, the
    Group has deployed 30 innovative products, mainly FIC and BIC, with differentiated advantages

    •      In December, collaborated with Incyte, a U.S.-based global biopharmaceutical company, and gained an
           exclusive license in China and 11 Southeast Asian countries for the development and commercialization of
           ruxolitinib cream, the first and only topical JAK inhibitor approved by the U.S. FDA, and the first and only FDA-
           approved product for repigmentation in vitiligo

    •      In August, made equity investment in ETC, France, and gained an exclusive license in China and 11 Southeast
           Asian countries of EyeOP1® Glaucoma Treatment Device, an innovative ophthalmic medical device (including
           consumables) that has already been approved for marketing in China and some Southeast Asian countries

    •      In July, acquired the global assets of a class I innovative biological product VEGF/ANG2 tetravalent bispecific
           antibody, which is developed for ocular fundus neovascular diseases, from YZY Biopharma

    •      In March, entrusted a CRO for the customized development of CMS-D005, a class I innovative drug developed
           for the treatment of metabolic system related disease


    Innovative Products R&D Proceeded Steadily in China
    Relying on a scientific and efficient mechanism to manage the key stages of the entire life-cycle of innovative products,
    accelerated clinical development and registration related works

    •      Diazepam Nasal Spray, Tildrakizumab Solution for Injection, and Methotrexate Injection (psoriasis) were under
           NDA review, and the NDA of Methotrexate Injection was granted the priority review designation in January

    •      In April, Tildrakizumab Solution for Injection was approved for marketing in Hong Kong, China

    •      In December, Methylthioninium Chloride Enteric-coated Sustained-release Tablets has obtained positive results
           for its Phase III clinical trial, and its NDA was accepted in February 2023

    •      The Phase III clinical trials of Methotrexate Injection (RA) and Desidustat Tablets have completed their first
           subject dosing and progressed steadily


    “CMS Aesthetics”, Dermatology and Medical Aesthetic Business Has Taken Shape
    The operation system and the talent team have been constructed gradually, and the product layout has taken shape
    with a key strategy to develop a product matrix consisting of full coverage of medicines for all dermatological diseases,
    dermatology-grade skincare products, and light medical aesthetic products




3   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                                          BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS
                                                                                                          (CONTINUED)




•     The blockbusters in dermatological diseases: ruxolitinib cream, the first and only topical JAK inhibitor approved
      by the U.S. FDA, and the first and only FDA-approved product for repigmentation in vitiligo; Tildrakizumab
      Solution for Injection targeting IL-23 is about to be approved for marketing soon; Both products will synergize
      with the marketed exclusive products, Hirudoid and Aethoxysklerol

•     Dermatology-grade Skincare Products: acquired 60% equity interest of Heling, a R&D platform of dermatology-
      grade skincare products, and obtained Heling soothing product series that is a combination of cleansing and
      moisturizing, and suitable for sensitive skin; Heling will accelerate the product portfolio expansion and iteration

•     Mainstream products in the field of light medical aesthetics: gained an exclusive license of the Korean type A
      botulinum toxin, which has a comparable efficacy and safety to Botox®, in Mainland China, Hong Kong, and
      Macao, and it will synergize with the marketed Korean hyaluronic acid product, Vmonalisa

•     Focused ultrasound technology R&D platform: FUBA 5200 Focused Ultrasound Body Contouring System has
      obtained several patents authorization in China, and the subject enrollment of its clinical trial has kicked off


“CMS Vision”, Ophthalmology Business Achieved Major Progress
The independent operation system has been improved, and the product portfolio has been broadened into
ophthalmic medical devices and consumables from ophthalmic prescription medicines, while gradually strengthening
commercialization capability for medicines and devices

•     Obtained an exclusive license of the innovative medical devices (including consumables) EyeOP1® Glaucoma
      Treatment Device, which has already been approved for marketing in China and some Southeast Asian
      countries; It will synergize with the exclusive marketed product Augentropfen Stulln Mono Eye Drops

•     Acquired the asset of the Class I innovative biological product VEGF+ANG2 tetravalent bispecific antibody drug
      that was developed for the ocular fundus neovascular diseases


“Rxilient Health”, Southeast Asia Business Advanced Progressively
Actively promoted the development of products that could meet the clinical needs in the Southeast Asian market with
the aid of a competent and experienced local team, and progressively built a platform-based business structure that
integrated product development, manufacturing, preparation CDMO, marketing and promotion

•     Several innovative products of the Group have the Southeast Asian market rights: ruxolitinib cream, EyeOP1®
      Glaucoma Treatment Device; VEGF+ANG2 tetravalent bispecific antibody, CMS-D005; among them, EyeOP1®
      has already been approved for marketing in some Southeast Asian countries, it will synergize with Combizym,
      the marketed product of the Southeast Asia business

•     Entered into an exclusive license of a wide range of quality and affordable insulin products with Tianmai
      Biotechnology, which is an initiative for insulin products of Mainland China to enter the Southeast Asian market




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          4
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2022
    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


    Dear shareholders and partners,

    The year of 2022 has been an extraordinary one, marked by global stagflation caused by geopolitical tensions, interest
    rate hike, energy and climate crisis, and the ongoing pandemic. Facing the turbulent international environment,
    innovation has become the core development strategy. Only by taking a full perspective and establishing a bottom-line
    mindset with profound insights, can an enterprise comprehensively identify, assess and control risks, grasp the overall
    situation accurately, and travel crossing time cycles, to realize a steady growth.

    The year 2022 marked the 30th anniversary of the establishment of China Medical System Holdings Co., Ltd. (“the
    Company”). Over the past 30 years, the values of innovation, integrity, pragmatism, perseverance, and win-win have
    become the core values of CMS. Throughout this journey, CMSers have stood at the forefront, adhering to doing
    the difficult yet right things and building a solid moat for the Company. In 2022, under the guidance of the innovative
    development strategy, the Company has made sustained efforts in various aspects such as product strength,
    commercialization capabilities, and refined management systems, and once again achieved satisfactory operating
    performance. On behalf of the Board of Directors of the Company (the “Board of Directors’’ or the “Board’’), I would
    like to express my heartfelt gratitude to all employees, shareholders, and partners, and gladly present the Annual
    Report of the Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group’’ or “CMS”) for the year ended 31 December 2022 (the
    “Reporting Period’’).


    Succeed in the New Era with Innovative Strategies
    China’s pharmaceutical industry is in a critical period of the transition from old to new driving forces and reshaping
    competition patterns. To be part of this historical momentum, walking the path of justice, yet achieving success with
    innovation is the mission bestowed to CMS. Since 2018, CMS has shifted its product strategy from deploying original
    mature-products to innovative patented products. After 5 years of products investment and R&D efforts, CMS has
    become a platform company linking pharmaceutical innovation and commercialization with strong product lifecycle
    management capability, and it is expected to launch a number of innovative products soon.


    Adapt to everchanging environment to achieve innovative results

    Innovative R&D is the core proposition of the pharmaceutical industry, and biotechnology innovation is scattered,
    which means that, at the drug R&D stage before POC (proof of concept), the more focused the biotechnology
    companies are, the higher the innovation efficiency will be. CMS focuses on the specialty therapeutic fields, and
    needs a continuous supply of finer and wider source of innovation. Proven in decades of practices, we understand
    that our core strengths are strong commercialization capabilities, scale-efficient clinical resources, and unique
    product evaluation and investment capability on which we capitalized to collaborate extensively with global innovation
    forces, and clearly defined our innovative research strategy centering on ‘‘collaborative R&D and investment”. We are
    responsible for clinical development, registration and commercialization, and our partners are responsible for preclinical
    research or overseas market R&D. Together, we exert respective strengths and collaborate to improve the efficiency of
    innovation with a win-win mentality.




5   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                                          CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
                                                                                                             (CONTINUED)




The commercialization capability is the foundation of our innovative transformation and what sets us apart from our
peers. Under the ‘‘collaborative R&D and investment” strategy, we leverage our commercialization ascendancy to
guide the project establishment, rely on expert resources to unearth first-line needs, and gain full insights into exploring
unmet clinical needs. The Group joins hands with global innovation forces to build a “laboratory without walls”, and forms
a CMS R&D ecosystem featuring “empowerment, partnership, sharing, and win-win” mindsets, so as to continuously
supply innovative products with academic and commercial competitive edges to meet clinical needs.

We control the key nodes of innovative R&D, and efficiently promote clinical development process and trial enrollment
of innovative products. It is expected that our innovative pipeline products will be approved for commercialized each
and every year. Our growing innovation potential provides strong growth momentum for our subsequent business
development.


Expanding the depth and breadth of our business

Commercialization capability is our core competitiveness. We have constantly iterated a compliant, efficient, refined,
and digitalized management system, and built several business divisions with highly professional, confident, and self-
motivated commercialization teams. While maintaining our core competitiveness in the fields of cardio-cerebrovascular
and gastroenterology prescription medicines, we have been developing in depth and breadth into the specialty
therapeutic fields such as dermatology and ophthalmology, and extending into related fields of medical aesthetics,
ophthalmology devices and consumables. We continue to “go deeper and expand further” to add new momentum to
the Group’s steady growth.

Upholding its original aspiration of “using medical thinking to promote in-depth study of dermatology and aesthetics”,
CMS’s dermatology and medical aesthetics business division CMS Aesthetics strives to deploy innovative products
matrix covering all dermatological diseases, adopts a scientific mindset to deploy medical aesthetic product matrix of
dermatology grade skincare products, light medical aesthetic products, etc., and builds brand value with a focus on
customers, to meet diverse needs of patients for dermatological treatment, health, and beauty.

Through the independent operation, CMS’ ophthalmology business division, “CMS Vision”, has formed a product
portfolio covering ophthalmic prescription medicines, medical devices and consumables, and continued to deploy
products of innovative medicines and devices covering the entire field of ophthalmology. In the meantime, it continues
to strengthen the commercialization capability of ophthalmic medicines and devices.


International strategy creating the second growth curve

Our 30 years of global investment, acquisition experience and proven commercialization capabilities are the
cornerstone for our international development. As an emerging economy with great potential, the Southeast Asian
market has a higher economic growth rate, considerable demographic dividends and a series of favorable industry
policies. It has a huge demand for quality and cost-effective pharmaceutical products, and has become one of the
most promising markets for the global biopharmaceutical development.




                                                                               CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           6
                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022
    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
    (CONTINUED)




    Independently operated by a professional and experienced local management team, CMS’ Southeast Asia business
    division, Rxilient Health is gradually building a systematic and platform-based operation system integrating “innovative
    R&D, manufacturing, preparation CDMO, marketing and promotion’’. Rxilient Health has already possessed the
    Group’s existing products that have Southeast Asian rights. At the same time, it actively explored potential products
    development collaboration opportunities with biotechnology companies or pharmaceutical companies in Europe,
    America, Japan, and China to accelerate the commercialization process, opening up a new second growth curve for
    the Group.


    Being a Socially Responsible Corporate Citizen
    The pharmaceutical industry is closely related to life and health of the people, and is one of the most important
    industries in the nation. The unique nature of the industry determines that fulfilling social responsibility is our natural
    mission. Committed to being a corporate citizen who bears social responsibilities, CMS has developed high-quality,
    cost-effective, and differentiated products that can meet unmet clinical needs. Meanwhile, we have been actively
    supporting community and industry welfare programs, and major public emergencies, to take responsibility for the
    sustainable development of society.

    With the sustainable development vision of “committed to becoming the world’s leading sustainable pharmaceutical
    enterprise”, the Group strives to promote the deep integration of ESG governance and the Group’s development
    strategies. We have reviewed and optimized our long-term corporate strategies around ESG topics such as healthcare
    accessibility, employee growth, responsible operation and environmental protection, etc., to promote the healthy,
    harmonious, and sustainable development of the society and environment.


    Forging Ahead into a Promising Future
    With a firm developmental goal and continuous innovation, the Group has ushered into a new historical opportunity.
    We will continue to be pragmatic, innovative and enterprising, adhering to the principle of compliance first, to deeply
    engage in specialty therapeutic fields and international developmental strategy. CMS will adhere to its developmental
    strategy of being a platform that links pharmaceutical innovation with commercialization, continue to provide quality
    medicines for patients, create more returns for our shareholders, and contribute more values to the society.

                                                                                                              Chairman
                                                                                                             Lam Kong
                                                                                                          Hong Kong, China
                                                                                                           16 March 2023




7   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION
                                                           AND ANALYSIS

Company Overview
CMS is a platform company linking pharmaceutical innovation and commercialization with strong product lifecycle
management capability, dedicated to providing competitive products and services to meet unmet healthcare needs.

The Group has been deeply engaged in the pharmaceutical market for 30 years with proven commercialization
capabilities. Based on profound market understanding and insights, expert resources in multiple specialty fields,
as well as extensive network coverage, combined with its foresight on industry trends, the Group is able to locate
differentiated innovative products with academic value, competitiveness, and commercial prospects. Leveraging on the
resource advantages, the Group has formed innovation strategies centered on “collaborative R&D and investment” to
empower the planning of innovative projects, and efficiently promoted the clinical development and commercialization
of innovative products through the scientific and effective management system covering key stages of the product
lifecycle. Meanwhile, the Group has deeply engaged in industry-academy-research collaboration, with the supports
of research facilities and strengthened R&D capability and overall process management of innovative research, it fully
involved in target selection and research path planning to customize the development of in-house innovative products.
The Group has successfully built an innovative pipeline of 30 early-, mid-, and late-phase innovative products with
competitive advantages, among which 3 are about to launch in China to benefit more patients.

The Group focuses on specialty therapeutic fields, such as cardio-cerebrovascular, gastroenterology, central nervous
system, dermatology and medical aesthetics, as well as ophthalmology, etc., and has established a resource-sharing
commercialization system with compliance and efficiency, which has gained leading academic and market positions
for its major marketed products. The Group deeply rooted in the specialty areas while expanding its business
boundaries, and it has promoted the rapid growth of independently operated business divisions such as “CMS
Aesthetics” and “CMS Vision”, aiming to gain “leading positions in specialty markets”. At the same time, the Group
entered Southeast Asian market, to broaden the breadth and depth of its business, and escorted its sustainable and
healthy development under an appropriately-diverse business structure with scale-effect.


Business Review
During the Reporting Period, while continuing to acquire more innovative products and accelerating products’ clinical
development and registration, the Group strengthened the brand influences of its marketed products and further
improved operation efficiency of its commercialization platform, and has achieved steady performance growth with
several professional, self-driven, and dedicated commercialization teams. During the Reporting Period, the Group
recorded a turnover of RMB9,150.3 million (2021: RMB8,337.2 million), representing an increase of 9.8% over the
same period last year; in the case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group, the turnover would increase by
13.7% to RMB10,497.5 million (2021: RMB9,230.2 million). Profit for the year reached RMB3,276.2 million (2021:
RMB3,025.3 million), representing an increase of 8.3% year on year.




                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         8
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
    (CONTINUED)




    I.Innovative R&D
    The Group keeps up with the development trend of the pharmaceutical industry to locate the unmet clinical needs, and
    joins hands with global innovation forces to continuously expand its innovative pipeline with differentiated advantages.
    Under such collaboration models as equity investment, strategic collaboration, and customized development, the
    Group is responsible for the clinical development, registration, and commercialization of innovative products in China
    and other authorized regions, and its partners are responsible for preclinical research or clinical trial overseas. All
    parties in the collaboration could make the most of respective strengths and improve the innovative R&D efficiency,
    thus building a pharmaceutical innovation ecosystem in a collaborative and mutually beneficial setting.

    The Group has formed a scientific and systematic mechanism to manage the entire development process of innovative
    products. Based on its standard product development system with scale effect, the Group plans the innovation
    strategy with a global insight, and involves multiple departments to conduct precise product evaluation. At the same
    time, the Group continuously improved its in-house clinical development system that covers medical and clinical
    research, pharmacovigilance, and quality assurance, and paid close attention to the medical strategies planning,
    clinical operations, product safety risk control, etc., to fully guarantee the clinical development efficiency of innovative
    products. Combining with the forward-looking analysis of the registration path, the Group fully escorts the innovative
    technologies transformation. Under the innovation model with CMS characteristics, featuring less average investment,
    shorter development cycle, and lower R&D risk, the Group has continuously supplied differentiated innovative products
    to each business divisions of specialty fields under its commercialization platform.


    1. Continued expansion of innovative products
    During the Reporting Period, the Group newly added 4 innovative products, including 1 innovative medical device that
    has already been approved for marketing in China and some Southeast Asian countries. As of 31 December 2022,
    the Group owned 30 innovative products, mainly first- or best-in-class covering multiple specialty therapeutic fields,
    including cardio-cerebrovascular, central nervous system, gastroenterology, ophthalmology, dermatology, medical
    aesthetic, etc.

    1.1 Ruxolitinib cream - the first and only topical JAK inhibitor approved by the U.S. FDA, and the first and
    only FDA-approved product for repigmentation in vitiligo
    In December 2022, the Group entered into a Collaboration and License Agreement (“CLA”) with Incyte (“Incyte”), a
    global biopharmaceutical company, for the development and commercialization of ruxolitinib cream. Under the CLA,
    CMS gained an exclusive license to develop and commercialize and a non-exclusive license to manufacture ruxolitinib
    cream, and potentially other future topical formulations of ruxolitinib, in autoimmune and inflammatory dermatologic
    diseases, including vitiligo and atopic dermatitis, for patients in mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau, Taiwan and
    certain countries in Southeast Asia. This collaboration will enrich the Group’s dermatology product portfolio and
    leverage its in-depth development of treatments in the field of dermatologic diseases.




9   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                         (CONTINUED)




In July 2022, ruxolitinib cream was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the topical treatment
of nonsegmental vitiligo in adults and pediatric patients aged 12 years of age and older. Two pivotal clinical studies
showed that after 24 weeks of treatment, compared with vehicle, the facial and total body repigmentation of patients
treated with ruxolitinib cream was significantly improved, and 52-week data showed continuous improvement in
repigmentation with the extension of treatment.

Previously, ruxolitinib cream was approved by the FDA in September 2021 for the topical short-term and non-
continuous chronic treatment of mild to moderate atopic dermatitis (AD) in non-immunocompromised adult and
pediatric patients 12 years of age and older whose disease is not adequately controlled with topical prescription
therapies or when those therapies are not advisable. Two pivotal studies showed that treatment with ruxolitinib cream
resulted in a significant proportion of patients who achieved the primary efficacy endpoint of clear or almost clear and
a significant reduction in pruritus compared to the vehicle group.

Ruxolitinib cream is an innovative treatment which, if approved in China and 11 Southeast Asian countries in
accordance with all relevant regulatory requirements, will offer a new treatment option to non-segmental vitiligo and
mild to moderate AD patients in those areas.

1.2 EyeOP1® Ultrasound Glaucoma Treatment Device - Ultrasound Cyclo Plasty (UCP), a simple, fast, safe
and non-invasive treatment method for glaucoma
In August 2022, the Group entered into a License, Collaboration and Distribution Agreement with EYE TECH CARE
(“ETC”), a medical company of France, for EyeOP1® ultrasound glaucoma treatment device; and (ii) made equity
investment and acquired approximately 36.17% equity interest in ETC. The Group gained an exclusive license
to import, export, develop, register, manufacture (subject to the terms and conditions as set out in the License
Agreement) and commercialize the product in Mainland China, Hong Kong, Macao, Taiwan Region and the eleven
Southeast Asian countries. This cooperation extends the ophthalmic product matrix from prescription drugs to devices
and consumables, intensifying the deployment of the Group’s ophthalmic portfolio.

The EyeOP1® Glaucoma Treatment Device was approved by the China National Medical Products Administration
(NMPA) in 2017 as a Class III medical device for the treatment of glaucoma patients whose intraocular pressure
cannot be controlled by drugs and surgery. It also obtained market approval in certain European and Southeast Asian
countries. Its core technology is high-intensity focused ultrasound (HIFU), which has the characteristics of precise
targeting of the ciliary epithelial area and precise temperature control. The surgical method of the product is called
UCP, and the treatment process can be controlled within 5 minutes, reducing the pain and recovery time of patients.
UCP has treated more than 20,000 patients worldwide, with an average reduction in intraocular pressure of 30% to
35% within 12 months after surgery and a success rate of 70% to 80% within 12 to 18 months after surgery. After
repeated treatment, the success rate increased to more than 85% with good tolerance and safety. At present, the
surgical methods for reducing intraocular pressure have the disadvantages of high recurrence rate, obvious surgical
side effects or complicated operation and this product is expected to become an innovative and preferred surgical
treatment for patients with glaucoma.




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         10
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2022
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     1.3 VEGF/ANG2 Tetravalent Bispecific Antibody - for treatment of ocular fundus neovascular diseases,
     achieving stronger effectiveness and lower dosing frequency compared with existing anti-VEGF drugs
     July 2022, the Group entered into an Asset Transfer Agreement with Wuhan YZY Biopharma Co., Ltd, (“YZY
     Biopharma”) a biopharmaceutical company, to acquire the global assets related to VEGF/ANG2 tetravalent bispecific
     antibody for intravitreal injection (the “Bispecific Antibody Product”), including but not limited to (i) all necessary
     rights and assets to use, develop, register, manufacture, commissioned manufacture, sell, distribute, promote and
     commercialize the Bispecific Antibody Product in the Territory and (ii) all intellectual property and intellectual property
     rights relevant to the Bispecific Antibody Product owned or controlled by YZY Biopharma or its affiliates. The Bispecific
     Antibody Product will enrich the Group’s innovative pipeline in the ocular fundus diseases treatment field, enhancing
     the competitiveness of the ophthalmology business.

     VEGF/ANG2 Tetravalent Bispecific Antibody Product is a class I innovative biological product with a unique nanobody
     design for treatment of ocular fundus neovascular diseases, targeting VEGF (vascular endothelial growth factor)
     and ANG2 (angiopoietin 2), which effectively inhibits abnormal neovascularization and is in the preclinical stage.
     The Bispecific Antibody Product enjoys the advantages of high affinity, strong inhibitory activity, high preparation
     concentration, good stability and low dosing frequency. It can reduce the potential risks caused by frequent intravitreal
     injections that occur to the patients and improve medication compliance of patients, and will provide a safer and
     more effective treatment option for patients with ocular fundus neovascular diseases, possessing important clinical
     implications.

     1.4 Customized development of Class I innovative drugs
     In March 2022, the Group entrusted a CRO for the customized development of CMS-D005, a Class I innovative
     drug developed for the treatment of metabolic system related disease. According to the collaboration agreement, the
     Group owns the global intellectual property rights and related interests of CMS-D005, and the CRO is responsible for
     pre-clinical studies of the products until the product is granted approval for clinical trials from the NMPA. The Group is
     responsible for the clinical development and commercialization of the product.


     2. Accelerated Clinical Development in China
     During the Reporting Period, 3 innovative products were under marketing application technical review in China, among
     them, the New Drug Application (NDA) of 1 product was granted the priority review designation by the Center for Drug
     Evaluation (CDE). 1 innovative product obtained positive results from its bridging trials, and 2 products’ bridging trials
     completed first subject dosing. 1 innovative product was approved for marketing in Hong Kong of China.




11   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                               (CONTINUED)




Diazepam Nasal Spray - an innovative medicine targeting acute repetitive seizures that is convenient to
use outside the medical setting with a very rapid onset of action (approved in the U.S.)
During the Reporting Period, the NDA of Diazepam Nasal Spray was under review by CDE in China, with the indication
for the treatment of intermittent, stereotypic episodes of frequent seizure activity (i.e., seizure clusters, acute repetitive
seizures) in patients with epilepsy 6 years of age and older. The NDA is supported by its China bridging trial, which is a
comparative pharmacokinetic (PK) study of diazepam spray and injection in healthy subjects with a total of 24 subjects
enrolled. The study achieved the expected target and its result showed that the absorption of a single intranasal dose
of Diazepam Nasal Spray was fast and complete, with bioavailability of diazepam and its active metabolite desmethyl
diazepam reaching 77.55% and 80.13% respectively in the 15mg dose group, and 78.69% and 86.21% in the 20mg
dose group. The product was also shown to be safe and well tolerated in healthy Chinese subjects.

Diazepam Nasal Spray is an intranasally administered, proprietary formulation of diazepam with relatively high
bioavailability. Its formulation incorporates the unique combination of a vitamin E-based solvent and Intravail®
absorption enhancement, which helps it to obtain unparalleled absorption, tolerability and reliability.

Tildrakizumab Solution for Injection - a monoclonal antibody specifically targeting IL-23 (approved in Hong
Kong of China, the U.S., Europe, Australia, Japan, etc.)
In April 2022, Tildrakizumab Solution for Injection was approved for marketing in Hong Kong, China under the brand
name of ILUMETRI, with the indication for the treatment of adults with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis who
are candidates for systemic therapy. During the Reporting Period, the product’s NDA in China was under review by
CDE, which was supported by a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multi-center Phase III bridging trial in
China, with 220 patients enrolled in total. The trial aims to evaluate the efficacy and safety of the product for treatment
of Chinese patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis, and it has obtained positive results, with preliminary
data showing the treatment of the product for 12 weeks significantly increased the proportion of subjects who have
achieved at least 75% of improvement in psoriasis area and severity index (PASI 75) compared with placebo.

The results of extended research of Phase III clinical trial in China demonstrated that the product reached a plateau
of efficacy at 28 weeks of treatment; At Week 52, the primary efficacy assessment indicator PASI 75 reached 91.3%,
and it showed good long-term safety and tolerance.

Tildrakizumab Solution for Injection is a humanized lgG1/k monoclonal antibody designed to selectively bind to the
p19 subunit of interleukin-23 (IL-23) and inhibit its interaction with the IL-23 receptor, leading to inhibition of the release
of pro-inflammatory cytokines and chemokines. The product has the advantages of lower injection frequency and
better patient compliance with good long-term efficacy and safety performance.




                                                                                 CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED            12
                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     Methotrexate Injection
     - expected to be the first MTX pre-filled injection for subcutaneous administration for the treatment of
     psoriasis in China (approved in Europe)
     During the Reporting Period, the NDA of Methotrexate Injection for the treatment of severe recalcitrant disabling
     psoriasis and other autoimmune diseases in China was under review by CDE. In January 2022, its NDA was granted
     priority review designation by the CDE. The product is a methotrexate (MTX) injection with multiple strengths in a small
     volume, expected to meet the basic treatment needs of psoriasis patients.

     - expected to be the first MTX pre-filled injection for subcutaneous administration for the treatment of RA
     in China (approved in Europe)
     During the Reporting Period, the China bridging trials of Methotrexate Injection was progressing steadily after
     completing first subject dosing. This study is a randomized, open, active-controlled, multi-center Phase III clinical trial,
     aiming to compare the efficacy and safety between the product and methotrexate tablets in the treatment of adult
     RA patients. With Peking Union Medical College Hospital, Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences being the leading
     hospital, the study is planned to enroll 140 subjects and will be conducted in around 17 sites nationwide.

     MTX is internationally well accepted as the first-line gold standard and anchor medicine for the systemic treatment
     for RA, but there is currently no MTX pre-filled injection approved for the treatment of RA in China. The product is
     expected to address the gastrointestinal adverse effects of oral application of MTX and has advantages of relatively
     high bioavailability, improvement of clinical efficacious response, flexible dosage management and operation
     convenience, achieving a great balance of efficacy, safety, tolerability and compliance.

     Methylthioninium Chloride Enteric-coated Sustained-release Tablets - an oral methylene blue sustained-
     release formulation that enhances diagnosis sensitivity in detecting cancerous/precancerous lesions
     during colonoscopy (approved in Europe)
     In February 2023, the NDA of Methylthioninium Chloride Enteric-coated Sustained-release Tablets was accepted by
     NMPA.
     In December 2022, the product has obtained positive results for its Phase III clinical trial in China. The trial is a
     randomized, double-blind, placebo controlled, multi-center Phase III clinical trial, with 1,802 patients enrolled in
     total (only 6 months was taken), aiming to evaluate the efficacy of the product in improving the detection rate
     of histologically confirmed non-polypoid colorectal lesions in subjects undergoing colonoscopic screening or
     colonoscopic monitoring. The result of primary study endpoint of the clinical trial was the detection rate of non-
     polypoid colorectal lesions (the proportion of subjects with at least one histologically confirmed non-polypoid colorectal
     lesion) showed that it was 51% in the test group (the product was given) and 41.2% in the control group (placebo
     was given). The difference between the two groups was statistically significant (P<0.0001). The product significantly
     increased the detection rate of non-polypoid colorectal lesions, and the false positive was well controlled.




13   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                             (CONTINUED)




Methylthioninium Chloride Enteric-coated Sustained-release Tablets is a novel oral sustained-release formulation for
diagnosis, which can help to improve the detection rate of colorectal cancer/precancerous lesions by enhancing
visualization of the colorectal lesions in adult patients undergoing screening or surveillance colonoscopy.

Desidustat Tablets - an oral HIF-PHI (approved in India)
During the Reporting Period, the Phase III China bridging trial of Desidustat Tablets was progressing steadily after
completing the first subject dosing. The trial is randomized, double-blind, placebo controlled, multi-center clinical trial,
aiming to evaluate the efficacy of Desidustat Tablets in the treatment of anemia caused by non-dialysis chronic kidney
disease (CKD) based on changes in hemoglobin (Hb) level from baseline. With Peking Union Medical College Hospital,
Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences being the leading hospital, the study is planned to enroll 150 subjects and will
be conducted in around 28 sites nationwide.

Desidustat Tablets is a novel oral Hypoxia-inducible factor-prolyl hydroxylase inhibitor (HIF-PHI) with good compliance
and is expected to meet this unmet treatment needs of CKD-caused anemia (including hemodialysis and non-dialysis
patients).

PLENITY® - a safe and effective orally-administered weight management product made from naturally
derived materials (approved in the U.S. and Europe)
During the Reporting Period, the marketing application of PLENITY® was under review by Center for Medical Device
Evaluation (CMDE) in China. PLENITY® is used in combination with diet and exercise to aid in weight management in
adults with a BMI of 25-40kg/m2.

Based on proprietary hydrogel technology and made from two naturally derived materials, cellulose and citric acid,
PLENITY® is an effective and safe, orally-administered, non-systemic and non-stimulant weight management product.

Cyclosporine Eye Drops 0.09% - a preservative-free, innovative ophthalmic formulation using globally
patented nanotechnology (approved in the U.S., Australia and Canada)
During the Reporting Period, the Group actively communicated with its partner, Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd.
The product’s Phase III bridging trial in China will be restarted when the new product batch for the clinical trial that
meets our quality requirement is received.

Cyclosporine Eye Drops 0.09% is a nanotechnology-enabled formulation in clear solution, developed for increasing
tear secretion in patients with keratoconjunctivitis sicca (dry eye). It uses a unique tiny structure called “micelle” as the
vehicle to allow for greater tissue penetration and gentle side effect profile in a high concentration.




                                                                                CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           14
                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2022
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     3.Innovative Pipeline
     Launched Overseas or Under Overseas Marketing Application Review

                            Rights                                                        Clinical  Clinical                       Major Marketed
                                                                                                               Marketing Marketed     Regions
          Product         Authorized                     Indication                        Trial    Trial for Application
                          Region***                                                      Approval Registration                    CN US EU JP
                                       Intermittent, stereotypic episodes of frequent
      Diazepam Nasal                   seizure activity (i.e., seizure clusters, acute
           Spray                       repetitive seizures) in patients with epilepsy
                                       six years of age and older

       Tildrakizumab
          Solution                     Moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis
        for Injection                                                                                                            (HK)
     (Biological Agent)

                                       Severe recalcitrant disabling psoriasis and
       Methotrexate                    other autoimmune diseases
        Injection
                                       Adult rheumatoid arthritis

     Methylthioninium                  An diagnostic agent to enhance
         Chloride                      visualisation of colorectal lesions in
      Enteric-coated
        Sustained-                     adult patients undergoing screening or
     release Tablets*                  surveillance colonoscopy

        Desidustat                     Anemia in patients with chronic kidney
         Tablets                       disease

     Cyclosporine Eye                  Increasing tear secretion in patients with
       Drops 0.09%                     keratoconjunctivitis sicca (dry eye)

                                       An aid for weight management in adults
         PLENITY                       with a BMI of 25-40 kg/m2 when used in
                                       conjunction with diet and exercise

                                       Reduction of elevated intraocular pressure
     Latanoprost Eye                   in patients with open-angle glaucoma or
          Drops
                                       ocular hypertension

                                       Topical treatment of nonsegmental vitiligo
                                       in adults and pediatric patients aged 12
                                       years of age and older

                                       Topical short-term and non-continuous
        Ruxolitinib                    chronic treatment of mild to moderate AD
          cream
                                       in non-immunocompromised adult and
                                       pediatric patients 12 years of age and older
                                       whose disease is not adequately controlled
                                       with topical prescription therapies or when
                                       those therapies are not advisable

       Levetiracetam                   Adjunctive therapy for the treatment of
         XR Tablet                     partial-onset seizures

          BCG for                      Non-invasive urothelial bladder carcinoma,
        Intravesical             ** including curative treatment of carcinoma
         Instillation                  in situ and prophylactic treatment of
     (Biological Agent)                recurrence

                                       Chronic balance deficit due to mild-to-
           PoNS
                                       moderate traumatic brain injury

         China        Overseas         Designated Asian Regions          Mainland China, Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan
     *In February 2023, the NDA of Methylthioninium Chloride Enteric-coated Sustained-release Tablets was accepted in China.
     **Taiwan is not included in the rights authorized region of BCG for Intravesical Instillation
     ***CMS has NO development, commercialization and other related products’ rights in any unauthorized region


15   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                                      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                                               (CONTINUED)




Under R&D Stages

                                Rights                                                                Clinical Phase Phase Phase Marketing
                                                                                             Pre-
          Product             Authorized                     Indication                                Trial
                                                                                            clinical Approval    I     II    III Application
                              Region***

                                           Eye pain and inflammation after cataract
         SDN-037
                                           surgery
                                           Reduction of elevated intraocular pressure
         PDP-716                           in patients with open-angle glaucoma or
                                           ocular hypertension

           CF101                           Psoriasis

          ACT017                           Acute phase of ischemic stroke
     (Biological Agent)

                                           Hepatocellular carcinoma
           CF102
                                           Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease / non-
                                           alcoholic steatohepatitis

                                           Prevention of post-surgical staphylococcal
                                           infections
           XF-73
                                           Infectious diseases


          BB2603                           Onychomycosis and tinea pedis

           VXM01                           Recurrent glioblastoma
     (Biological Agent)
         VEGF/ANG2
    Tetravalent Bispecific                 Intended to be used for ocular fundus
          Antibody#                        neovascular diseases
      (Biological Agent)
                                           Intended to be used to prevent disease
    Fully Human Anti-SA                    progression in high-risk groups for
        Hlα Antibody                       SA colonization and treat pneumonia,
     (Biological Agent)                    bacteremia, and toxic shock caused by SA,
                                           especially MRSA
Fully Human Anti-HCMV                      Intended to be used for prophylaxis of
        Antibody
   (Biological Agent)                      HCMV infection

     Fully Human Anti-                     Intended to be used for prevention and
    COVID-19 Antibody
     (Biological Agent)                    treatment of COVID-19 infection

                                           Intended to be used for rapid passive
Fully Human Anti-rabies                    immunization of patients bitten and
     Virus Antibody
   (Biological Agent)                      scratched by rabies infected dogs or other
                                           animals susceptible to rabies infection
        CMS-D001                           Autoimmune diseases

        CMS-D002                           Gynecological diseases

        CMS-D003                           Cardio-cerebrovascular diseases

        CMS-D004                           Central nervous system diseases

        CMS-D005                           Metabolic diseases

     China         Overseas       Global         Designated Asian Regions             Mainland China, Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan
#
 In February 2023, the IND application of VEGF/ANG2 Tetravalent Bispecific Antibody was accepted in China
***CMS has NO development, commercialization and other related products’ rights in any unauthorized region


                                                                                                 CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         16
                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     II. Commercialization System
     As one of the core competitiveness of the Group, the commercialization capability is an important cornerstone for
     steady and sustainable business development, as well as a key carrier for achieving large-scale clinical application
     and economic return maximization of innovative products. With a focus on specialty therapeutic fields, the Group has
     gained proven success in market access, academic promotion, brand building, retail management, and government
     affairs over the past 30 years. By leveraging the highly qualified promotion team, extensive network coverage and
     expert resources, the Group continues to promote the scale development of its 3 major business divisions, including
     cardio-cerebrovascular and gastroenterology, dermatology and medical aesthetics, and ophthalmology. Through
     efficiently connecting and deploying innovation resources globally, the Group has continued to supply differentiated
     products to each business division and leveraged its commercialization platform, to achieve efficient transformation of
     product commercial value and continuous growth.

     With academic value as the core and marketing strategy as the guide, the Group has been promoting post-marketing
     clinical studies for its marketed products to enrich the evidence-based medical evidence, while strengthening cross-
     regional and multi-level academic exchanges through resource integration, to expand hospital network and expert
     coverage, realizing the expansion and penetration of products’ academic influence. Meanwhile, the Group customized
     its retail strategy based on product competition analysis, and enhanced the brand awareness to further increase traffic
     and penetration in the chain-pharmacies-based retail market with the support of new media promotion. At the same
     time, through conducting in-depth research and analysis of competition landscape, the Group actively planned the
     academic promotion and marketing strategies for its upcoming innovative products, thus laying a solid foundation for
     the rapid academic influence construction after their launches.

     In addition, the Group adheres to the business operation principle of “compliance first”, by utilizing continuously
     upgraded digital tools and information platforms to break the boundaries of time and space, it has realized
     refined management of all sales regions. Through conducting normalized employee behavior management,
     business execution tracking, evaluation and assessment, etc., coordinating with monitoring methods such as cost
     management, unannounced inspections, and special inspections, the Group has realized real-time supervision,
     effective early warning, and comprehensive control of business compliance risks. In addition, the Group upgraded its
     talent cultivation system with “customized training programs”, and adopted diversified training models to empower
     management efficiency and improve team execution based on the operation needs, building several commercialization
     teams with high professionalism, strong self-drive and dedication.

     As of 31 December 2022, the Group had over 4,300 professional marketing and promotion related personnel, and
     its promotion network covered over 50,000 hospitals and medical institutions, and more than 200 thousand retail
     pharmacies in China.




17   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                          (CONTINUED)




1. Marketed Products
The Group’s major marketed products have covered the cardio-cerebrovascular, gastroenterology, ophthalmology,
dermatology and medical aesthetic fields. A summary of major products’ information is as follows:

Product Line            Product                       Indication/Function             Product Advantage
                                                                                      Calcium Channel Blocker (CCB)
                        Plendil                                                       medicine suitable for Chinese
                                                      Hypertension and stable
                        (Felodipine Sustained                                         patients, providing cardio-
                                                      angina pectoris
                        Release Tablets)                                              cerebrovascular protection and
                                                                                      high vascular selectivity
Cardio-                                                                               The only Recombinant Human
                        XinHuoSu (Recombinant
cerebrovascular Line                                  Acute decompensated             Brain Natriuretic Peptide (rhBNP)
                        Human Brain Natriuretic
                                                      heart failure                   medicine available in Chinese
                        Peptide for Injection)
                                                                                      market as at 31 December 2022
                                                                                      Ranking the first in the market
                        Deanxit                       Mild-to-moderate
                                                                                      share of antidepressant
                        (Flupentixol and Melitracen   depression, anxiety and
                                                                                      medicines in China according to
                        Tablets)                      psychosomatic affections
                                                                                      2022 IQVIA data
                                                      Cholesterol gallstones in the Stably ranking the first in sales
                        Ursofalk
                                                      gallbladder, cholestatic liver among products in Chinese
                        (Ursodeoxycholic Acid
                                                      disease and biliary reflux     cholagogue market according to
                        Capsules)
                                                      gastritis                      2022 IQVIA data
                                                      Ulcerative colitis, including
                                                      the treatment of acute          Ranking the first in the market
                                                      exacerbations and the           share of aminosalicylic acid,
                        Salofalk                      maintenance treatment to        a first-line treatment for
                        (Mesalazine)                  prevent recurrence, as well     inflammatory bowel disease in
                                                      as the treatment of acute       China according to 2022 IQVIA
                                                      exacerbations of Crohn’s        data
Gastroenterology Line                                 disease
                                                                                    Probiotics preparations with
                                                      Diarrhea in adults and
                        Bioflor                                                     abundant medical evidence and
                                                      children, as well as diarrhea
                        (Saccharomyces Boulardii                                    high-level recommendations
                                                      symptoms induced by
                        Sachets)                                                    from authoritative domestic and
                                                      intestinal flora disturbance
                                                                                    overseas guidelines
                                                                                      Effective in both stomach and
                        Combizym                      Dyspepsia caused by             intestines, the recommended
                         (Oryz-aspergillus Enzyme     a decrease in digestive         digestive enzyme preparation
                        and Pancreatin Tablets)       enzymes                         for the replacement therapy of
                                                                                      pancreatic exocrine insufficiency

                        Augentropfen Stulln Mono                                  The representative medicine for
                        Eye Drops                                                 the treatment of asthenopia and
                                                      Senile macular degeneration
                        (Esculin and                                              the safe and convenient option
                                                      and all forms of asthenopia
                        Digitalisglycosides Eye                                   for treatment of senile macular
                        Drops)                                                    degeneration
Ophthalmology Line
                                                      Glaucoma with intraocular       For ultrasound Cyclo Plasty
                        EyeOP1® Glaucoma              pressure that cannot be         (UCP) treatment, a simple, fast,
                        Treatment Device              controlled by drugs and         safe and non-invasive treatment
                                                      surgery                         method for glaucoma


                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        18
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2022
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




                                                            Blunt traumata with and
                               Hirudoid                     without hematomas, and
                                                                                          Repair agent for skin barrier with
                               (Mucopolysaccharide          superficial phlebitis that
                                                                                          multiple functions
                               Polysulfate Cream)           cannot be treated by
                                                            compression

     Dermatology Line
                                                            Different specifications for
                                                            sclerotherapy of different     The international brand for the
                               Aethoxysklerol               varicose veins, including      treatment of sclerotherapy of
                               (Polidocanol Injection)      spider veins, central veins of varicose veins with years of
                                                            spider veins, and medium       clinical application
                                                            to large varicose veins

                                                                                          A combination of washing
                               Atopic Piel Series           Skin nourishing, moisturizing and moisturizing to repair the
                               (including 5 products)       and dryness reliving          damaged skin barrier, relieve
                                                                                          itching of sensitive skin
     Dermatology Grade
     Skincare Product
                                                            Skin soothing with a          Composed of four core
                               Heling Soothing Product
                                                            combination of cleansing      ingredients that can moisturize
                               Series
                                                            and moisturizing which is     and soothe the skin, helping to
                               (including 3 products)
                                                            suitable for sensitive skin   repair the skin barrier

                                                                                          Painless, fashionable and
                               Vmonalisa                    Used for mid to deep          accessible luxury medium-to-
                               (Modified Sodium             dermal implantation for the   macro-particle HA filler from
                               Hyaluronate Filler for       correction of moderate to     South Korea, featured with high
                               Injection)                   severe nasolabial folds       safety, natural effect and good
                                                                                          cost-effectiveness

                                                                                          An effective silicone gel indicated
                               Strataderm/ Stratamark*      Prevention and
                                                                                          for prevention of hyperplasia and
                               (Self-drying Silicone Scar   improvement of
                                                                                          improvement of new and old
                               Therapy Gels)                hypertrophic scars
     Light Medical Aesthetic                                                              scars for a wide population
     Product
                               Mesoestetic-Mesohyal                                       Matching therapies to provide
                                                            Skin firming, moisturizing,
                               Series                                                     customized medical aesthetic
                                                            elasticity increasing, etc.
                               (including 5 products)                                     solutions

                                                                                          Crossing with polyethylene
                                                                                          glycol based on a unique cross
                               Neauvia Hyaluronic Acid      Superficial and deep
                                                                                          linker technology SMART, the
                               Series **                    skin filling, long-term
                                                                                          product has excellent rheology,
                               (including 4 products)       moisturizing
                                                                                          high biocompatibility and good
                                                                                          integrity



     * Stratamark (the Australia-approved version) is sold on the Group’s cross-border e-commerce platform.
     ** Neauvia Hyaluronic Acid Series are sold in Hongkong, China




19   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                       (CONTINUED)




During the Reporting Period, major products’ revenues by product lines were as follows:
•      The products under cardio-cerebrovascular line recorded a revenue of RMB4,044.6 million, an increase of
       7.6% compared with the same period last year. In the case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group,
       the revenue of products under cardio-cerebrovascular line would increase by 13.6% to RMB5,516.4 million
       compared with the same period last year, accounting for 52.5% of the Group’s revenue in the case that all
       medicines were directly sold by the Group.

•     The revenue of products under gastroenterology line increased by 11.9% to RMB3,611.6 million compared
      with the same period last year, accounting for 34.4% of the Group’s revenue in the case that all medicines were
      directly sold by the Group.

•     The revenue of the product under ophthalmology line increased by 14.1% to RMB440.2 million, compared
      with the same period last year, accounting for 4.2% of the Group’s revenue in the case that all medicines were
      directly sold by the Group.

•     The revenue of the product under dermatology line increased by 10.1% to RMB344.3 million, compared with
      the same period last year, accounting for 3.3% of the Group’s revenue in the case that all medicines were
      directly sold by the Group.

•     Other products recorded revenue of RMB709.7 million, an increase of 8.9% compared with the same period
      last year. In case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group, the revenue would increase by 30.4% to
      RMB585.0 million compared with the same period last year, accounting for 5.6% of the Group’s revenue in the
      case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group.


III. Dermatology and Medical Aesthetic Business
After nearly two years of incubation and integration, the operating system of the Group’s dermatology and medical
aesthetic business, “CMS Aesthetics”, has been fully established and formed a tripartite business structure consisting
of dermatology prescription business unit, medical aesthetic products business unit, and new retail business unit.
Through internal and external talent promotion and recruitment, and systematic empowerment training, its team
has been increasingly refined. With an operation philosophy of “using medical thinking to promote in-depth study of
dermatology and aesthetics”, CMS Aesthetics has gained the insight into the diverse needs of customers for skin
health and beauty, and adopted a scientific mindset to build the dermatology and medical aesthetic products matrix
with dermatology prescriptions as the core via “in-house development and external collaboration”, achieving full
lifecycle skin-health management covering dermatological treatment, skincare and medical aesthetics. During the
Reporting Period, CMS Aesthetics has achieved major breakthroughs in the product deployment of dermatology
prescription medicines, dermatology-grade skincare products and light medical aesthetic products (including light
medical aesthetic injection products and energy-based medical aesthetic devices). As of 31 December 2022, CMS
Aesthetics had 2 major commercialized and about 7 major pipeline dermatology prescription products, and 6 major
commercialized and about 5 major pipeline medical aesthetic products series.




                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         20
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     At the same time, based on differentiated evidence-based medical evidence and recommendations from academic
     consensus of dermatology prescription products, CMS Aesthetics actively conducted academic conferences
     and doctor re-educations, together with activities of disease knowledge popularization, so as to deepen market
     recognition. For medical aesthetic products with both medical and consumer attributes, CMS Aesthetics synergized
     with the rich expert coverage in the dermatology field to deepen the interpretation of product efficacy from a
     professional perspective, explored the application of products under the compliance framework, and promoted
     innovative promotional concepts to achieve marketing breakthroughs; CMS Aesthetics also actively built a professional
     technical exchange center with scientific training management to provide continuous academic empowerment
     for professional aesthetic institutions and practitioners, and applied new retail operation model to accelerate the
     customers sales conversion from “recognition” to “purchase” by promoting brand visibility through multi-dimensional
     new media channels.

     As of December 31 2022, the CMS Aesthetics team has reached over 600 people, covering nearly 10,000 hospitals
     and medical institutions in China.


     1. The deployment of dermatology prescription products has taken shape
     CMS Aesthetics accelerates the deployment of product matrix, and strives to gradually deploy innovative products
     covering all dermatological diseases. During the Reporting Period, it newly obtained ruxolitinib cream, the first and
     only topical JAK inhibitor approved by the U.S. FDA, and the first and only FDA-approved product for repigmentation
     in vitiligo. The NDA of Tildrakizumab Solution for Injection (for treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis),
     an innovative pipeline product targeting IL-23, was under marketing application review in China, and the product
     will be approved to launch soon. These two innovative products will synergize with existing marketed dermatology
     products of CMS Aesthetics, Hirudoid (the repair agent for skin barrier with multiple functions) and Aethoxysklerol (the
     international brand for the treatment of sclerotherapy of varicose veins with years of clinical application), to solidify its
     comprehensive competitiveness in the dermatology field.


     2. The product portfolio expansion and iteration of dermatology-grade skincare product
     CMS Aesthetics has rich dermatologist resources, laying a solid academic foundation for the promotion and sales of
     dermatology grade skincare products. Through the promotion and sales of the marketed products Atopic Piel Series
     (a combination of washing and moisturizing to repair the damaged skin barrier, relieve itching of sensitive skin), the
     Group accumulated relevant experiences in the operation of dermatology grade skincare products. In August 2022,
     the Group made equity investment in Heling Medical (Guangzhou) Company Limited ( 禾零醫藥 ( 廣州 ) 有限公司 )
     (“Heling”) and obtained 60% equity interest of Heling, which became a subsidiary of the Company; The Group also
     entered into an Exclusive License Agreement with Heling for Heling soothing moisturizing repair cream, Heling soothing
     repair lotion and Heling soothing moisturizing bath oil (the “Heling Soothing Dermatology-grade Skincare Product
     Series”), the product series could synergize with the Group’s current dermatological products, providing consumers
     with skincare solutions combining excellent efficacy and safety. At the same time, as a dermatology-grade skincare
     products R&D platform, Heling will accelerate in product portfolio expansion and iteration for CMS Aesthetics.




21   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                            (CONTINUED)




Heling Soothing Dermatology-grade Skincare Product Series - Composed of four core ingredients that can
moisturize and soothe the skin, helping to repair the skin barrier
Heling Soothing Dermatology-grade Skincare Product Series are composed of a variety of mild ingredients with Level-1
safety risk, without preservatives, mineral oil or alcohol, which are mild, non-irritating and suitable for sensitive skin.
The cosmetic efficacy tests of the products were completed in cooperation with Guangdong Provincial Dermatology
Hospital. The four preferred core ingredients of the products are 4-tert-butylcyclohexanol, butyrospermum parkii (shea
butter) extract, saccharide isomerate and glycyrrhiza inflata root extract. The four ingredients play a synergistic role
through reasonable combination, which can quickly moisturize and soothe the skin, helping to repair the skin barrier.
With the advantage of the combination of cleansing and moisturizing, it could provide a variety of skincare options for
consumers with different skin conditions.


3. Solidifying the deployment of mainstream products in the field of light medical aesthetics
The deployment of CMS Aesthetics’ light medical aesthetic injection products has been gradually enriched. In addition
to the existing marketed Korean hyaluronic acid product - Vmonalisa (the painless, fashionable and accessible luxury
medium-to-macro-particle HA filler, featured with high safety, natural effect and good cost-effectiveness), in October
2022, the Group entered into an agreement with BMI KOREA CO., LTD. (“BMI”), a South Korean company, for the
type A botulinum toxin 100 units vacuum dried powder for solution for injection (the “BMI Botulinum Toxin Product”),
and gained an exclusive license to develop, register, import and commercialize the product in Mainland China, Hong
Kong and Macao. The product will synergize with hyaluronic acid and other medical aesthetic products, providing
comprehensive solutions to satisfy the needs of youth and beauty of the Chinese customers.

The BMI Botulinum Toxin Product - a South Korean type A botulinum toxin with comparable efficacy and
safety to Botox®
The BMI Botulinum Toxin Product is developed to temporarily improve moderate to severe glabellar lines associated
with corrugator and/or procerus muscle activity in adults aged 19 to 65. The Phase III clinical trial conducted in South
Korea demonstrated that it has comparable efficacy and safety to Botox®. The Biologics License Application (BLA) for
the Marketing Approval of the product has been submitted to the Ministry of Food and Drug Safety (MFDS) of South
Korea in July 2022. The botulinum toxin product is a mainstream and core product in light medical aesthetic (non-
surgery medical aesthetic) field and has become one of the most popular light medical aesthetics products among
consumers in China.


4. “Carnation”, a focused ultrasound technology R&D platform, continuously expanding the
portfolio of cutting-edge energy-based medical aesthetic devices
During the Reporting Period, based on the market demands, “Carnation”, a focused ultrasound technology R&D
platform under CMS Aesthetics, continued to explore and upgrade the application of focused ultrasound technology,
and expanded the portfolio of cutting-edge energy-based medical aesthetic devices. 3 major product series were
developing, including: FUBA Focused Ultrasound Fat Reduction Device Series, LITU Focused Ultrasound Skin
Treatment Series, MEBA Ultrasonic Transdermal Delivery Series. Among which, the major pipeline product FUBA
5200 Focused Ultrasound Body Contouring System, a non-invasive body shaping device with independent intellectual
property right obtained 1 utility model patent and 2 appearance patent authorizations in China, and the subject
enrollment of the product’s clinical trial has kicked off and is advancing in an orderly manner during the Reporting
Period.




                                                                               CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          22
                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     5. Development of new retail business unit
     During the Reporting Period, the Group continued to explore effective operating models to meet everchanging
     business needs. In order to accelerate the development of medicines, devices, and functional skincare products of
     CMS Aesthetics, the consumer healthcare business and the new retail business of CMS Aesthetics were merged
     into the new retail business unit, which is operated by CMS Aesthetics. Based on consumer demands, the new retail
     business unit rapidly promoted and developed the brand and retail channels construction of the products, and it has
     formed operation plans for multiple strategic brands, such as Hirudoid and Heling.


     IV. Ophthalmology Business
     The Group’s ophthalmology business, “CMS Vision”, relies on the sharing of Group’s resources and services support,
     to constantly improve its organizational structure and operation system. Through extensive expert networks and
     channel resources in the field, it actively promotes the identification, development, and commercialization of urgently
     needed solutions to ophthalmic clinical practices. During the Reporting Period, “CMS Vision” newly added a series of
     ophthalmic products: (1) obtained the exclusive license of the innovative medical device EyeOP1® Glaucoma Treatment
     Device; (2) acquired the asset related to the Class I innovative biological product VEGF+ANG2 tetravalent bispecific
     antibody drug (intended for ocular fundus neovascular diseases), which will synergize with its existing products ——
     the marketed product Augentropfen Stulln Mono Eye Drops (the professional representative medicine for the treatment
     of asthenopia and the safe and convenient option for treatment of senile macular degeneration), as well as the main
     pipeline product Cyclosporine Eye Drops 0.09% (a preservative-free, innovative ophthalmic formulation using globally
     patented nanotechnology), to enhance the scale and the efficiency of ophthalmology business development.

     During the Reporting Period, CMS Vision leveraged on years of network resource accumulated in the ophthalmology
     field, to continuously enhance academic platform for ophthalmic medicines and devices. It promoted hospital
     network expansion and introduced the sales traffic to the retail market by further exploring the academic competitive
     advantages of medicines. For the innovative medical device, CMS Vision proactively analyzed the products’ market
     positioning and operation planning to explore the optimal market access strategy, and conducted various academic
     activities to deliver differentiated clinical advantages, focusing on rapidly establishing doctor recognition in the core
     markets and efficiently promoting the clinical application of innovative medical device. For the promotional needs
     of ophthalmic device and consumables, CMS Vision actively expanded its promotional team with professional
     backgrounds, and improved the teams’ expertise and skills to strengthen its commercialization capability on medicines
     and devices.

     As of December 31 2022, the CMS Vision team has reached over 300 people, covering nearly 9,000 hospitals and
     medical institutions in China.


     V. Southeast Asia Business
     As an emerging economy with promising potential, the Southeast Asian market has a relatively rapid economic
     development, considerable demographic dividend, sound business atmosphere, and a series of favorable policies
     supporting the industry, thus the development of its healthcare industry has shown vigorous vitality.




23   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                            (CONTINUED)




Focusing on unmet clinical needs in the Southeast Asian market, the Group’s Southeast Asia business, “Rxilient
Health”, is independently operated by a professional and experienced local team. Capitalizing on the large-scale
global product resources of the Group, Rxilient Health is able to quickly deploy quality products from Europe, America,
Japan and China, and has gradually established a competitive product portfolio. During the Reporting Period, all 4
newly added innovative products of the Group have obtained the Southeast Asian market rights: (1) ruxolitinib cream
(the first and only topical JAK inhibitor approved by the U.S. FDA, and the first and only FDA-approved product for
repigmentation in vitiligo); (2) innovative medical device EyeOP1® Glaucoma Treatment Device; (3) class I innovative
biological product VEGF+ANG2 tetravalent bispecific antibody (intended for ocular fundus neovascular diseases);
(4) CMS-D005, a class I innovative drug developed for the treatment of metabolic system related disease. Among
them, the EyeOP1® Glaucoma Treatment Device has already been approved for marketing in some Southeast Asian
countries. Previously, for existing products that have Southeast Asian rights— Combizym (effective in both stomach
and intestines, the recommended digestive enzyme preparation for the replacement therapy of pancreatic exocrine
insufficiency), PLENITY® (a safe and effective orally-administered weight management product made from naturally
derived materials) and Diazepam Nasal Spray (an innovative medicine targeting acute repetitive seizures that is
convenient to use outside the medical setting with a very rapid onset of action), etc., their related Southeast Asian
rights have been authorized to Rxilient Health, among which Combizym has already been approved for marketing in
some Southeast Asian countries.

In addition, in August 2022, the Group entered into a License, Collaboration and Supply Agreement with Hefei Tianmai
Biotechnology Development Co., Ltd. (“HTBT”), a biopharmaceutical company for the second-generation insulin
series products and the third-generation insulin analogue glargine insulin injection (the “Insulin Products”), and gained
an exclusive license to register, market, sell and distribute the products in the eleven Southeast Asian countries. This
collaboration is an initiative for insulin products of Mainland China to enter the Southeast Asian market and is expected
to satisfy the huge clinical demand for the cost-effective insulin product in the Southeast Asian market.

The Insulin Products - a wide range of quality and affordable insulin treatment options
Insulin products are clinically used to treat diabetes. The products are derived from Israeli platform technology,
produced by genetic engineering technology, and adopted to an efficient, environmental-friendly, and energy-saving
active pharmaceutical ingredients production process, which can effectively control the quality and the costs. The
second-generation insulin series products include mixed protamine human insulin injection (30R), human insulin
injection, and isophane protamine human insulin injection, all of which have been approved by the NMPA and
commercialized for years. The third-generation insulin analogue glargine insulin injection was under China marketing
application review. Its process is stable, the expression level is high, and the pharmaceutical and clinical research
shows that it’s quality is in consistent with the original product. A wide range of quality and affordable Insulin Products
can provide patients in Southeast Asia with personalized and differentiated choices.

During the Reporting Period, with the development goal of establishing a systematic platform, Rxilient Health aimed
to build a business structure progressively that integrated product development, manufacturing, preparation CDMO
(Contract Development and Manufacturing Organization), marketing and promotion. By extensively linking industry
resources and developing forward-looking marketing strategy based on product characteristics, Rxilient Health rapidly
developed its marketing and promotion segments and intended to gradually establish the brand image of the products
and Rxilient Health itself.




                                                                               CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          24
                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     At the same time, Rxilient Health actively explored potential industrial collaboration opportunities to accelerate its
     business development. As at December 31, 2022, Rxilient Health held 5.31% equity interest in Etana Biotechnologies,
     an Indonesian biopharmaceutical company. Etana Biotechnologies possess the quality local production capability of
     innovative products, covering the fields of metabolic, autoimmune, and other major life-threatening diseases (including
     cancer), and has rich experience in product registration and commercialization. It has established extensive connection
     and collaboration with local medical institutions, doctors’ associations, regulators, etc.


     Impacts of Significant Industrial Policies
     In 2022, the National Volume Based Procurement (“National VBP”) remains the most influential industry policy for
     the Group, and the policy has been conducted in a normalized and standardized manner. The chemical name of the
     Group’s major marketed product Deanxit, Flupentixol and Melitracen Tablets Immediate-release Oral Dosage Forms,
     was included in the seventh National VBP catalog. In July, the tender of the seventh batch of National VBP officially
     kicked off and Deanxit was not selected; in November, the seventh batch began to be implemented successively in
     each province. In January 2023, the chemical names of the Group’s major marketed products Plendil and Ursofalk,
     Felodipine Sustained-release and Controlled-release Tablets Dosage Forms and Ursodeoxycholic Acid Immediate-
     release Oral Dosage Forms, were included in the eighth National VBP catalog, and it is expected to be implemented in
     the second half of 2023.

     Deanxit, Plendil and Ursofalk are original medicines with oral application for the treatment of relatively chronic diseases,
     with characteristics such as well-recognized brand, high academic recognition, and high retail market contribution.
     The Group will continue to strengthen the academic branding of the product, while deepening the development of the
     retail market, to mitigate the negative impact on the Group’s performance after the National VBP’s implementation.
     In addition, the Group will continue to deploy innovation pipelines with differentiated advantages globally, and make
     full efforts to promote their clinical development and commercialization in authorized territories such as China and
     Southeast Asia, and several innovative products will be marketed in China soon. Meanwhile, the Group will promote
     the healthy development of dermatology and medical aesthetic business and ophthalmology business that are
     featured with both consumer and medical attributes, and immunized to the National VBP, and promote the product
     deployment and financial contribution of the Southeast Asian business, to further empower the sustainable and steady
     growth of the Group.


     Future Development
     The Group firmly believes that innovation is the cornerstone of sustainable development. Over the past 30 years, we
     have accumulated and formed a highly distinctive business operation system and innovative R&D model with “CMS
     characteristics”, as well as an innovative pipeline with competitive advantages.

     The Group will continue to upgrade the capacity and efficiency of its commercialization platform, and actively
     explore innovative marketing models while promoting the professionalism and skill building of its team, to establish a
     foundation for maximizing the clinical and commercial value of innovative products. Meanwhile, the Group will optimize
     its organizational structure with refined management, upgrade the all-round management system leveraging digital
     tools, to escort the in-depth development of 3 major business divisions, cardio-cerebrovascular and gastroenterology,
     dermatology and medical aesthetics, and ophthalmology with dedicated commercialization teams, to empower the
     development and breakthrough of clinical practices in the industry.


25   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                            (CONTINUED)




The Group will focus on the differentiated innovative products driven by clinical needs, continue to deepen the multi-
dimensional collaborations with global innovative forces supported by its innovative products incubation platform,
and build an “empowerment, collaboration, and win-win” R&D ecosystem. At the same time, leveraging the effective
management covering all stages of the innovative products development, the Group will make all efforts to promote
the clinical development, registration, and commercialization of the product, steadily stepping into the harvesting
period of innovation products.

Meanwhile, the Group will fully leverage its resources to accelerate its internationalization development strategy starting
from Southeast Asian market. With the mindset of openness and collaboration, the Group will continue to deploy
quality products that match local clinical needs, and customize operation strategies according to characteristics
of different countries, while building a cross-regional sales network and localized production capability to promote
business penetration and development, helping to open up a broader growth potential for the Group.

Only with dedication and perseverance can we achieve success. Persistent innovation and reform have created the
“New CMS”. We will continue to adhere to the principles of innovation, and chart a course for future high-speed
growth with practicality and enterprising spirit.


Financial Review
In reading the following discussion and analysis, please also refer to the audited consolidated financial statements and
notes to the financial statements in the Annual Report.

The Group prepared its consolidated financial statements in accordance with the International Financial Reporting
Standards. The Group’s financial performance is summarized as follows:

Turnover
Turnover increased by 9.8% from RMB8,337.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2021 to RMB9,150.3 million
for the year ended 31 December 2022. In the case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group, turnover
increased by 13.7% to RMB10,497.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2022 from RMB9,230.2 million for the
year ended 31 December 2021, mainly due to an increase in sales volume.

Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin
Gross profit increased by 12.6% from RMB6,246.9 million for the year ended 31 December 2021 to RMB7,035.8
million for the year ended 31 December 2022; in the case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group, gross
profit increased by 14.4% to RMB6,910.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2022 from RMB6,039.2 million
for the year ended 31 December 2021, primarily reflecting an increase in turnover. Gross profit margin increased by
2.0 percentage points to 76.9% for the year ended 31 December 2022 from 74.9% for the year ended 31 December
2021; in the case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group, gross profit margin increased by 0.4 percentage
point to 65.8% for the year ended 31 December 2022 from 65.4% for the year ended 31 December 2021, primarily
reflecting a change in sales structure of products.




                                                                               CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          26
                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     Selling Expenses
     Selling expenses increased by 7.1% from RMB2,540.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2021 to RMB2,721.3
     million for the year ended 31 December 2022; selling expenses as a percentage of turnover decreased by 0.8
     percentage point to 29.7% for the year ended 31 December 2022 from 30.5% for the year ended 31 December
     2021. In the case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group, selling expenses as a percentage of turnover
     decreased by 0.6 percentage point to 24.7% for the year ended 31 December 2022 from 25.3% for the year ended
     31 December 2021, mainly due to an increase in efficiency of resources injected to develop business.

     Administrative Expenses
     Administrative expenses increased by 44.4% from RMB441.0 million for the year ended 31 December 2021 to
     RMB636.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2022; administrative expenses as a percentage of turnover
     increased by 1.7 percentage points to 7.0% for the year ended 31 December 2022 from 5.3% for the year ended
     31 December 2021. In the case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group, administrative expenses as a
     percentage of turnover increased by 1.3 percentage points to 6.1% for the year ended 31 December 2022 from 4.8%
     for the year ended 31 December 2021, primarily reflecting an increase in human cost.

     Research and Development Expenditures
     The Group’s research and development expenditures included investments for the continuous expansion of innovative
     product pipelines, expenditures on development, registration and clinical trial of new products, salaries and related
     expenses of staff who were engaged in the aforesaid affairs. Research and development expenditures included the
     expensed research and development expenditures (i.e. research and development expenses) and capital payments
     (including payments for acquisition of equity investments in research and development companies and payment for
     acquisition and development of product rights).

     Total research and development expenditures decreased by 1.2% from RMB739.3 million for the year ended 31
     December 2021 to RMB730.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2022. Total research and development
     expenditures as a percentage of turnover for the year ended 31 December 2022 was 8.0%, representing a decrease
     of 0.9 percentage point from 8.9% for the year ended 31 December 2021. In the case that all medicines were directly
     sold by the Group, total research and development expenditures as a percentage of turnover decreased by 1.0
     percentage point to 7.0% for the year ended 31 December 2022 from 8.0% for the year ended 31 December 2021,
     primarily reflecting a decrease in acquisition of equity in research and development companies.

     Research and development expenses increased by 9.3% from RMB114.8 million for the year ended 31 December
     2021 to RMB125.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2022. Research and development expenses as a
     percentage of turnover for the year ended 31 December 2022 was 1.4%, same as 1.4% for the year ended 31
     December 2021. In the case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group, research and development expenses
     as a percentage of turnover for the year ended 31 December 2022 was 1.2%, same as 1.2% for the year ended 31
     December 2021.




27   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                              MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                     (CONTINUED)




Capital payments (set out in the table below) decreased by 3.1% from RMB624.5 million for the year ended 31
December 2021 to RMB605.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2022. Such capital payments as a percentage
of turnover for the year ended 31 December 2022 was 6.6%, representing a decrease of 0.9 percentage point from
7.5% for the year ended 31 December 2021. In the case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group, such
capital payments as a percentage of turnover decreased by 1.0 percentage point to 5.8% for the year ended 31
December 2022 from 6.8% for the year ended 31 December 2021.


                                                                            For the year ended 31 December
                                                                                        2022                2021
                                                                                    RMB’000             RMB’000


Payment for acquisition of equity investments
 in research and development companies                                                98,577             463,028
Payment for acquisition and development of product rights                            506,585             161,494

                                                                                     605,162             624,522


Other Income
Other income increased by 35.1% from RMB146.9 million for the year ended 31 December 2021 to RMB198.6 million
for the year ended 31 December 2022, mainly due to increases in interest income and government subsidies.

Other Gains and Losses
Other gains and losses decreased by 103.8% from a gain of RMB111.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2021
to a loss of RMB4.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2022, mainly due to increases in exchange loss and
goodwill impairment loss.

Share of Result of Associates
Share of result of associates decreased by 13.7% from RMB75.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2021
to RMB65.1 million for year ended 31 December 2022, mainly reflecting an increase in research and development
expenses and an impairment loss provided for intangible assets of an associate.

Finance Costs
Finance costs increased by 73.6% from RMB28.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2021 to RMB49.1 million
for the year ended 31 December 2022, mainly due to increases in both the used bank borrowing and its interest rate.

Income Tax Expense
Income tax expense increased by 12.8% from RMB431.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2021 to RMB486.7
million for the year ended 31 December 2022, mainly reflecting an increase in profit of the Group.

Profit for the Year
Profit for the year increased by 8.3% from RMB3,025.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2021 to RMB3,276.2
million for the year ended 31 December 2022, mainly due to the continuous growth in turnover.



                                                                          CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED       28
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2022
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     Inventories
     Inventories increased by 1.0% from RMB472.6 million as at 31 December 2021 to RMB477.2 million as at 31
     December 2022. Average inventory turnover days increased from 75 days for the year ended 31 December 2021 to
     82 days for the year ended 31 December 2022, mainly reflecting a volatility of the safe inventories level of the Group.

     Trade Receivables
     Trade receivables increased by 3.3% from RMB1,395.8 million as at 31 December 2021 to RMB1,442.0 million as at
     31 December 2022, primarily reflecting an increase in the Group’s turnover. Average trade receivables turnover days
     increased to 70 days for the year ended 31 December 2022 from 65 days for the year ended 31 December 2021,
     mainly due to a relatively slow collection from some customers.

     Trade Payables
     Trade payables increased by 22.0% from RMB145.9 million as at 31 December 2021 to RMB178.0 million as at
     31 December 2022. Average trade payables turnover days increased to 28 days for the year ended 31 December
     2022 from 25 days for the year ended 31 December 2021, mainly reflecting the difference in time points of inventory
     purchases.

     Liquidity and Financial Resources
     As at 31 December 2022, the Group’s bank balances and cash amounted to RMB4,376.4 million while readily
     realizable bank acceptance bills amounted to RMB269.6 million. As at 31 December 2021, the bank balances and
     cash amounted to RMB3,385.7 million while readily realizable bank acceptance bills amounted to RMB453.4 million.

     As at 31 December 2022, the cash and cash equivalents of the Group were mainly denominated in RMB, with small
     amount denominated in United States Dollar (“US$”), Euro (“EUR”), Great Britain Pound (“GBP”), Swiss Franc (“CHF”)
     and Hong Kong Dollars (“HK$”).

     The following table is a summary of our consolidated statements of cash flows:
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December
                                                                                                2022                  2021
                                                                                            RMB’000              RMB’000
     Net cash from operating activities                                                    3,553,243             2,493,852
     Net cash used in investing activities                                                 (1,178,202)          (1,519,525)
     Net cash used in financing activities                                                 (1,399,914)           (258,392)
     Net increase in cash and cash equivalent                                                975,127               715,935


     Cash and cash equivalent at beginning of the year                                     3,385,739            2,668,426
     Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                                  15,510                 1,378
     Cash and cash equivalent at end of the year                                            4,376,376           3,385,739




29   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                  (CONTINUED)




Net cash from operating activities
For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group’s net cash generated from operating activities was RMB3,553.2
million compared with RMB2,493.9 million for the year ended 31 December 2021, an increase of 42.5% mainly due to
a decrease in the occupancy of working capital.

Net cash used in investing activities
For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group’s net cash used in investing activities was RMB1,178.2 million
compared with RMB1,519.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2021, a decrease of 22.5% mainly due to a
decrease in the acquisition of equity investments.

Net cash used in financing activities
For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group’s net cash used in financing activities was RMB1,399.9 million
compared with RMB258.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2021, an increase of 441.8% mainly due to an
increase in the repayment of bank borrowings.

Net Current Assets
                                                                             As at 31 December
                                                                              2022                      2021
                                                                           RMB’000                   RMB’000
Current Assets
 Inventories                                                                477,206                    472,598
 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                    1,491,336                    977,874
 Trade receivables                                                        1,442,035                  1,395,789
 Other receivables and prepayments                                          601,909                    808,213
 Loan receivable                                                             70,168                          -
 Tax recoverable                                                                253                     19,469
 Derivative financial instruments                                            42,021                          -
 Amount due from an associate                                               328,072                    320,036
 Bank balances and cash                                                   4,376,376                  3,385,739
                                                                          8,829,376                  7,379,718


Current Liabilities
 Trade payables                                                             178,009                    145,898
 Other payables                                                             385,185                    483,649
 Lease liabilities                                                           15,804                     16,922
 Contract liabilities                                                        21,614                     23,715
 Bank borrowings                                                          1,783,337                  1,103,760
 Derivative financial instruments                                               562                          -
 Deferred consideration payables                                              1,000                      2,000
 Obligation arising from put options                                        163,773                          -
 Tax liabilities                                                            327,819                    305,310
                                                                          2,877,103                  2,081,254

Net current assets                                                        5,952,273                  5,298,464



                                                                        CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED      30
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     The Group’s liquidity requirements will be satisfied by a combination of cash flow generated from operating activities,
     long-term bank loans and other financing means, according to the corporate development strategy.

     Capital Expenditures
     The following table shows the Group’s capital expenditure:
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December
                                                                                                2022              2021
                                                                                            RMB’000           RMB’000
     Deposits for acquisition of intangible assets                                           506,585           161,494
     Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                                18,336            23,347
                                                                                             524,921           184,841


     Capital Structure and Gearing Ratio
     The Company reviews the capital structure on a regular basis, and considers the cost of capital and the risks
     associated with each class of capital, for maximizing the return to shareholders of the Company.

     The following table shows the Group’s debts:

                                                                                            As at 31 December
                                                                                                2022             2021
                                                                                             RMB’000          RMB’000
     Interest bearing bank borrowings                                                       1,783,337       1,677,573


     The Group had bank borrowings of RMB1,783.3 million as at 31 December 2022 (31 December 2021: RMB1,677.6
     million). The details of bank borrowings are set out in note 29 to the consolidated financial statements.

     As said above, along with an increase in the Group’s bank borrowings, the Group’s gearing ratio, calculated as bank
     borrowings divided by total assets, decreased by 0.6 percentage point to 10.0% as at 31 December 2022 from
     10.6% as at 31 December 2021.

     Market Risks
     We are exposed to various types of market risks, including interest rate risks, foreign exchange risks, policy risks
     and inflation risks in the normal course of business. These risks are set out in note 36 to the consolidated financial
     statements.

     The Group is mainly exposed to currency risk of the US$, EUR, GBP, CHF and HK$. For the Group’s subsidiaries in
     China, the conversion of RMB into foreign currencies is subject to the rules and regulations of foreign exchange control
     promulgated by the PRC government. Any significant exchange rate fluctuations of foreign currencies against RMB
     may have a financial impact on the Group. The Group closely monitors the fluctuation of exchange rates and reviews
     the foreign currency risk management strategy from time to time, the management will consider hedging foreign
     currency exposure as appropriate. As at 31 December 2022, the Group had entered into certain foreign currency
     forward contracts to hedge foreign currency risk, for details please refer to note 32 to the consolidated financial
     statements.


31   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                           (CONTINUED)




The Group will closely monitor movements of interest rate and foreign currencies market so as to mitigate the
expected risk on interest rate and foreign currencies.

Pledge of Assets
As at 31 December 2022, the Group had no pledge of assets.

Contingent Liabilities
As at 31 December 2022, the Group had no material contingent liabilities.

Acquisition of Subsidiaries
During the Reporting Period, in order to enrich the Group’s existing product portfolio, the Group acquired two
subsidiaries Shanghai Xuli Medical Devices Company Limited and Heling Medicall (Guangzhou) Company Limited,
details of which are disclosed in note 42 to the consolidated financial statements.

Loan Agreements with Covenants Relating to Specific Performance of the Controlling Shareholder
On 27 March 2020, Sky United Trading Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (as borrower, the
“Borrower”) and the Company (as guarantor) entered into a facility agreement (the “SC Facility Agreement”) with
Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited (as lender) in respect of a US$40,000,000 term loan facility (the “SC
Facility”) made available to the Borrower for a term of 36 months from the first utilization date under the SC Facility
Agreement. On 26 May 2021, CMS International Development and Management Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary
of the Company (as borrower, the “Borrower”) and the Company (as guarantor) entered into a facility agreement (the
“DBS Facility Agreement”) with DBS Bank (Hong Kong) Limited (as lender) in respect of a US$50,000,000 term loan
facility (the “DBS Facility”) made available to the Borrower for a term of 22 months from the first utilization date under
the DBS Facility Agreement.

Pursuant to the SC Facility Agreement and DBS Facility Agreement, if, among other things, Mr. Lam Kong, the
chairman of the board of directors (the “Board”), an executive director and a controlling shareholder (as defined in
the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “SEHK”) (the “Listing
Rules”)) of the Company: (i) ceases to directly or indirectly own more than 30% of the total issued shares (of each
class) in the Company; or (ii)ceases to directly or indirectly be the single largest shareholder in the issued shares (of
each class) in the Company, the lender may, by not less than 30 days’ notice in advance to the Borrower, cancel all
commitments under the SC Facility and DBS Facility, respectively, and declare that all outstanding loans together
with accrued interest and all other amounts accrued under the SC Facility and DBS Facility, respectively, will become
immediately due and payable. As at 31 December 2022, Mr. Lam Kong (directly and indirectly) held approximately
46.39% of the total issued ordinary share capital of the Company.

Dividend
For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group paid an interim dividend for 2022 and a final dividend for 2021 of
RMB718.6 million and RMB557.6 million, respectively. For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group paid an
interim dividend for 2021 and a final dividend for 2020 of RMB652.5 million and RMB502.3 million, respectively.




                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          32
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022
     DIRECTORS AND SENIOR
     MANAGEMENT

     DIRECTORS

     Executive Directors
     Mr. Lam Kong, aged 58, is the Chairman, Chief Executive and President of the Group and was appointed as an
     executive Director on 18 December 2006. Mr. Lam is responsible for the creation, implementation and management
     of the Group’s development and growth strategy. Mr. Lam has clinician experience and deep understanding and
     knowledge of China’s pharmaceutical industry, possessing unique insight and extensive experience in R&D, marketing,
     promotion, sales and other value-added services. He received his bachelor’s degree in clinical medicine from Zhanjiang
     Medical College in 1986, which was renamed guangdong Medical University. Mr. Lam is a member of the Nomination
     Committee of the Company and the sole director of Treasure Sea Limited, the controlling shareholder of the Company.

     Mr. Lam is the controlling shareholder of the Company and is interested or deemed to be interested in the Shares and
     underlying Shares of the Company for the purpose of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (“SFO”), the
     details of which are set out on page 42 of this Annual Report.

     Mr. Chen Hongbing, aged 56, is the Chief Operating Officer and Vice-president of the Group and was appointed as
     an executive Director on 18 December 2006. He joined the Group in 1995 and has remained with the Group since
     then. Mr. Chen is responsible for the business operation of the Group, including marketing, promotion, supply chain
     management, product manufacturing management and human resources management, etc. Mr. Chen possesses
     extensive experience in business operations of pharmaceutical companies and corporate management. Mr. Chen had
     acquired about 4 years’ experience as a public hospital doctor with Nanjing gulou Hospital from 1990 to 1994. He
     received his bachelor’s degree in clinical medicine from Nanjing Medical College in 1990, which was renamed Nanjing
     Medical University.

     Mr. Chen is the sole director of Viewell Limited (a shareholder of the Company) and is interested or deemed to be
     interested in the Shares and underlying Shares of the Company for the purpose of Part XV of SFO, the details of which
     are set out on page 42 of this Annual Report.

     Ms. Chen Yanling (former Chinese name as 陳艷玲 ), aged 52, is the Chief Financial Officer and Vice-president of
     the Group and was appointed as an executive Director on 18 December 2006. She joined the Group in 1995 and has
     remained with the Group since then. Ms. Chen is responsible for the Group’s finance, accounting, investor relations,
     government affairs and administration management. She holds an EMBA degree and is a senior accountant with
     extensive experience in financial management, fund raising, auditing and investor relations, etc. As at the end of the
     year 2022, Ms. Chen was awarded eight times the “Best CFO” in Healthcare and Pharmaceuticals by the Institutional
     Investor Magazine. Ms. Chen is the chairman of the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee of the
     Company.

     Ms. Chen is interested or deemed to be interested in the Shares and underlying Shares of the Company for the
     purpose of Part XV of SFO, the details of which are set out on page 42 of this Annual Report.




33   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                   DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
                                                                                                       (CONTINUED)




Independent Non-Executive Directors
Mr. Leung Chong Shun, aged 57, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on 13 December 2017.
Mr. Leung became a practicing lawyer since 1991 and was the chief representative of Woo Kwan Lee & Lo Beijing
Office. He is currently a partner of Woo Kwan Lee & Lo. Mr. Leung is familiar with corporate finance, M&A and IPO
legal services and has been involved in various listing and acquisition transactions of Chinese H-share companies and
red chip companies. Mr. Leung is currently a China-Appointed Attesting Officer appointed by the Ministry of Justice of
the PRC. Mr. Leung was an independent non-executive director of China Coal Energy Company Limited (a company
listed on the Stock Exchange with stock code: 01898) from June 2017 to March 2023, China Communications
Construction Company Limited (a company listed on the Stock Exchange with stock code: 01800) from January 2011
to November 2017 and China National Materials Company Limited (the listing with stock code: 01893 was withdrawn
on the Stock Exchange) from July 2007 to April 2018. He is currently an independent non-executive director of SSY
Group Limited (a company listed on the Stock Exchange with stock code: 02005) and Min Xin Holdings Limited (a
company listed on the Stock Exchange with stock code: 00222).

Mr. Leung graduated from the University of Hong Kong in 1988 and obtained a bachelor’s degree in laws with honors.
He is qualified as a solicitor in Hong Kong and England. Mr. Leung is the chairman of the Remuneration Committee, a
member of the Audit Committee, a member of the Nomination Committee and a member of the Environmental, Social
and Governance Committee of the Company.

Ms. Luo Laura Ying (formerly known as Ying Luo), aged 58, was appointed as an independent non-executive
Director on 31 March 2020. Ms. Luo has 28 years of investment experience. She currently works as an investment
director of GL China Equity HK Management Limited and previously has worked as a consultant of GL China Equity
HK Management Limited and a consultant of GL Capital Management Limited. Ms. Luo is an independent non-
executive director of Central China New Life Limited (a company listed on the Stock Exchange with stock code:
09983) and Tianjin Port Development Holdings Limited (a company listed on the Stock Exchange with stock code:
03382). Ms. Luo was a managing director and head of Hong Kong China Equities at Barings Asset Management
(Asia) Limited from 2013 to 2019. Her overall responsibilities included managing a team of investment managers
and research analysts, as well as managing a range of Hong Kong and China equity strategies, including Barings’
flagship Hong Kong China Fund, China A-share fund and some institutional mandates. Before joining Barings Asset
Management (Asia) Limited, Ms. Luo worked for Schroder Investment Management (HK) Limited for over 12 years.
Since 2002, Ms. Luo had been a lead manager on several greater China equity mandates, including the Schroder
International Selection Fund - China Opportunities, which she managed since its launch in 2006. Prior to Schroder
Investment Management (HK) Limited, Ms. Luo had worked at Sg Securities as head of China Research and
Strategist, as well as at Morgan Stanley and goldman Sachs (Asia) LLC, Hong Kong as an equity research analyst.

Ms. Luo obtained her Bachelor of Arts in International Economics from Peking University in 1987 and Master of
Business Administration from the University of Toronto in 1991. She is a Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) and
Chartered Professional Accountant (CPA) (Canada) charterholder. Ms. Luo is the chairman of the Nomination
Committee, a member of the Audit Committee and a member of the Remuneration Committee of the Company.




                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         34
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022
     DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
     (CONTINUED)




     Mr. Fung Ching Simon, aged 54, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on 6 October 2021. Mr.
     Fung has 10 years of experience in auditing, accounting and business advisory and has over 18 years of experience
     in managing finance and accounting functions, mergers and acquisitions, fund raising and investor relations for
     PRC companies listed in Hong Kong. Mr. Fung is currently serving as the chief financial officer of Chow Tai Fook
     Enterprises Limited. Mr. Fung worked in PricewaterhouseCoopers between 1994 and 2004, and he served as the
     chief financial officer and secretary to the board of directors of Baoye Group Company Limited (a company listed on
     the Stock Exchange with stock code: 02355) between 2004 and 2010. Mr. Fung served as the chief financial officer
     and company secretary of Greentown China Holdings Limited (a company listed on the Stock Exchange with stock
     code: 03900) between 2010 and 2019. Mr. Fung worked for Logan Group Company Limited (a company listed on
     the Stock Exchange with stock code: 03380) from January 2020 till March 2021 as chief financial officer. Mr. Fung
     worked for China Logistics Property Holdings Co., Limited (the listing with stock code: 01589 was withdrawn on the
     Stock Exchange) from June 2016 till February 2022 as an independent non-executive director. Mr. Fung is also an
     independent non-executive director of Hainan Meilan International Airport Company Limited (a company listed on the
     Stock Exchange with stock code: 00357) and a non-executive director of Baoye Group Company Limited (a company
     listed on the Stock Exchange with stock code: 02355).

     Mr. Fung graduated from the Queensland University of Technology in Australia with a bachelor’s degree, majoring in
     accountancy. He is a fellow member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and a fellow member
     of the CPA Australia. Mr. Fung is the chairman of the Audit Committee, a member of the Remuneration Committee, a
     member of the Nomination Committee and a member of the Social, Environmental and Governance Committee of the
     Company.


     SENIOR MANAGEMENT
     Dr. Peng Huaizheng, aged 61, is the Chief Business Officer of the Group. Dr. Peng was appointed as an independent
     non-executive Director of the Company for the period from 4 May 2010 to 9 October 2013 and has remained with
     the Group since then. Prior to joining the Group, he held the positions of partner, director or senior portfolio manager
     at several multinational financial corporations in the UK and Canada, mainly engaged in investments in the global life
     science field. Dr. Peng possesses over 17 years of investment experience. Dr. Peng obtained a bachelor’s degree and
     a master’s degree in clinical medicine from Hunan Medical College in 1984 and 1989 respectively, and his doctoral
     degree of philosophy in molecular pathology from University College London Medical School, UK in 1998. Prior to
     entering into the financial investment and pharmaceutical industries, Dr. Peng was a clinical instructor of histopathology
     at the University College London Medical School.




35   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                    DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
                                                                                                        (CONTINUED)




Mr. Jiang Fei, aged 46, is the Chief Investment Officer (greater China) of the Group. Mr. Jiang joined the Group
in January 2022. Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Jiang was engaged in R&D and business expansion in domestic
pharmaceutical companies, and held the positions including executive director and managing director at several
venture capital firms and private equity funds. He possesses over 10 years of work experience in China’s
pharmaceutical industry and approximately 6 years of investment experience. Mr. Jiang obtained a bachelor’s degree
in chemical engineering from East China University of Science and Technology in 1998 and his doctoral degree of
philosophy in chemical engineering from Syracuse University, U.S. in 2006.

Mr. James Stearns, aged 43, is the Chief Investment Officer (Europe and America) of the Group. Mr. Stearns joined
the Group in April 2021. Prior to joining the Group, he was a director of a well-known investment bank and the
investment director of an independent private equity firm, possessing over 10 years of experience in investment and
finance in Europe and America’s pharmaceutical industries. Mr. Stearns obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics
and accounting from University of Bristol in 2000.

Mr. Jiang Qingfu, aged 47, is the General Manager of Cardio-cerebrovascular/Digestion Business (Shenzhen
Kangzhe) of the Group. Mr. Jiang joined the Group in 1999 after receiving his bachelor’s degree from college and
remained with the Group since then. He was promoted to managerial positions rapidly after training at junior positions,
having made outstanding sales contribution during the period. Mr. Jiang is currently responsible for the overall
operations and management of Shenzhen Kangzhe, possessing over 20 years of sales and marketing experience and
rich experience in operations and management. Mr. Jiang obtained a bachelor’s degree in clinical medicine from Anhui
Medical University in 1999.

Mr. Huang Anjun, aged 46, is the General Manager of Dermatology and Medical Aesthetic Business (CMS
Aesthetics) of the Group. Mr. Huang joined the Group in 2005 after receiving his master’s degree from college and
remained with the Group since then. Mr. Huang is currently responsible for the overall operations and management of
CMS Aesthetics, possessing over 10 years of sales and marketing experience and rich experience in operations and
management. Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Huang had acquired about 3 years’ experience as a doctor at a public
hospital. Mr. Huang obtained a master’s degree in pediatrics in traditional Chinese medicine from Shandong University
of Traditional Chinese Medicine in 2005.




                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         36
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022
     DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
     (CONTINUED)




     Ms. Wang Linlang, aged 45, is the General Manager of Ophthalmology Business (CMS Vision) of the Group. Ms.
     Wang joined the Group in 2004 after receiving her master’s degree from college and remained with the Group since
     then. Ms. Wang is currently responsible for the overall operations and management of CMS Vision, possessing over
     10 years of sales and marketing experience and rich experience in operations and management. Ms. Wang obtained a
     bachelor’s degree in preventive medicine and a master’s degree in epidemiology and health statistics from West China
     Medical Center, Sichuan University in 2001 and 2004 respectively.

     Mr. Ma Lieyi, aged 53, is the General Manager of the Business Operations Center of the Group. Mr. Ma joined
     the Group in 1995 and remained with the Group since then. Mr. Ma has been engaged in sales and marketing
     management in the Group, possessing over 15 years of sales and marketing management experience. Mr. Ma
     graduated from Shenzhen University in 1990, majoring in business administration. He obtained the degree of Executive
     Master of Business Administration (EMBA) from University of Macau in 2022.

     Ms. Li Yufang, aged 44, is the General Manager of the Finance Center of the Group. Ms. Li joined the Group in 2003
     and remained with the Group since then. Ms. Li was the Director of the Compliance Department of the Group. Ms. Li
     possesses over 10 years of finance, tax and pharmaceutical companies’ compliance experience. Ms. Li obtained a
     bachelor’s degree of management in electronic data processing accounting from Jilin University of Finance and
     Economics in 2001. She is a non-practicing member of Shenzhen Institute of Certified Public Accountants.


     Company Secretary
     Ms. Wu Sanyan, aged 41, is the Company Secretary and Director of the Legal Department of the Group. Ms. Wu
     joined the Group in 2009 and remained with the Group since then. Ms. Wu is primarily responsible for overseeing the
     legal and regulatory compliance matters of the Group (including compliance with the Listing Rules), possessing over
     10 years of legal and corporate governance experience. Ms. Wu obtained a double bachelor’s degree in history and
     law in 2004, and a master’s degree in international law in 2008, both from Wuhan University. During the Reporting
     Period, Ms. Wu received professional training for no less than 15 hours to promote her skill and knowledge.




37   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                  DIRECTORS’ REPORT


The Board of the Company is pleased to present the “Directors’ Report” and audited consolidated financial statements
of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022.


Principal Activities
The Company is a holding company, the subsidiaries’ principal activities are set out in note 43 to the consolidated
financial statements.


Results
The results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022 are set out in the consolidated statement of profit or
loss and other comprehensive income on page 66.


Business Review
Business review of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022 can be found in the section headed “Management
Discussion and Analysis” of this Annual Report, the discussion of which forms part of this “Directors’ Report”.


Reserves
Movements in reserves for the year ended 31 December 2022 are set out in the consolidated statement of changes in
equity on page 69 and note 34 to the consolidated financial statements.


Distributable Reserves
As at 31 December 2022, the Company had distributable reserves of RMB4,978.2 million available for distribution to
the shareholders.


Property, Plant and Equipment
Details of changes in property, plant and equipment of the Group are set out in note 15 to the consolidated financial
statements.


Share Capital
Movements in the share capital of the Company are set out in note 33 to the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        38
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     Final Dividend
     The Board is pleased to recommend a final dividend of RMB0.2414 (equivalent to HK$0.274) per Share for the year
     ended 31 December 2022 to shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company after
     market closes on Thursday, 4 May 2023. The register of members of the Company will be closed on Friday, 5 May
     2023. The final dividend will be paid to shareholders on about Friday, 12 May 2023 after the shareholders’ approval at
     the annual general meeting of the Company scheduled on Friday, 28 April 2023 (the “AGM”).


     Dividend Policy
     The Board has adopted a dividend policy (the “Dividend Policy”). Under the Dividend Policy, the Company does not
     have any pre-determined dividend payout ratio. Although the Company intends to declare and pay dividends in the
     future, the declaration, payment and amount of any dividends are subject to the Board’s discretion having regard to
     the following factors: (a) the Group’s actual and expected financial performance; (b) the Group’s expected working
     capital requirements and future development plans; (c) the Group’s liquidity position; (d) the economic outlook; (e)
     contractual restrictions or obligations; (f) shareholders’ interests; and (g) any other factors the Board may consider
     relevant.

     Such payment of the dividend by the Company is also subject to any restrictions under any applicable laws, rules and
     regulations and the Company’s second amended and restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (the “Articles
     of Association”). The Company endeavors to strike a balance between the shareholders’ interest and prudent capital
     management with a sustainable dividend policy. The Board will continually review the Dividend Policy and reserves the
     right in its sole and absolute discretion to update, amend and/or modify the Dividend Policy at any time as the Board
     deems fit and necessary. There is no assurance that the Company will pay dividends in any particular amount for any
     given period.


     Pre-emptive Rights
     There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under Articles of Association or the laws of the Cayman Islands which
     oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro-rata basis to the existing shareholders.


     Purchase, Sale or Redemption of the Company’s Listed Securities
     For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Company repurchased an aggregate of 5,455,000 ordinary shares with
     a nominal value of US$0.005 each on the Stock Exchange at an aggregate consideration of HK$59,415,400. All of
     the purchased shares were cancelled before 31 December 2022. The Board believes that given the current financial
     resources of the Company, the share repurchase would not affect the Company’s solid financial position in any material
     respect, and it would lead to an enhancement of the net asset value per share and/or earnings per share, which is in
     the interest of the shareholders as a whole.




39   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                                              DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                                                                                                           (CONTINUED)




Details of the repurchase are as follows:


                                                                                                    Aggregate
      Month of            Number of Shares                Price per Share (HK$)
                                                                                                   Consideration
     Repurchase             Repurchased
                                                   Highest Price         Lowest Price               Paid (HK$)
     March 2022                 130,000                11.34                11.04                   1,447,520
      April 2022               3,600,000               11.90                10.46                   40,227,820
      May 2022                 1,000,000               11.16                10.64                   10,976,200
   September 2022               545,000                 9.84                 9.22                    5,147,640
    October 2022                180,000                 9.08                 8.90                    1,616,220
        Total                  5,455,000                  -                    -                    59,415,400


Save as disclosed above, none of the Company or any of its subsidiaries has purchased, sold or redeemed any of the
listed securities of the Company during the Reporting Period.


Directors
The Directors of the Company during the year and up to the date of this Annual Report were:


Executive Directors:
Mr. LAM Kong (Chairman and Chief Executive, President)
Mr. CHEN Hongbing (Chief Operating Officer, Vice President)
Ms. CHEN Yanling (Chief Financial Officer, Vice President)


Independent Non-Executive Directors:
Mr. LEUNG Chong Shun
Ms. LUO Laura Ying
Mr. FUNG Ching Simon

Pursuant to Article 16.18 of the Articles of Association, at every annual general meeting of the Company, one-third
of the Directors for the time being (or, if their number is not three or a multiple of three, then the number nearest to,
but not less than, one-third) shall retire from office by rotation provided that every Director (including those appointed
for a specific term) shall be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years. Any Director appointed
pursuant to Article 16.2 or Article 16.3 of the Articles of Association shall not be taken into account in determining
which Directors are to retire by rotation. A retiring Director shall be eligible for re-election. Accordingly, Ms. Chen
Yanling, Mr. Leung Chong Shun and Ms. Luo Laura Ying will retire from their offices at the AGM and, being eligible,
offer themselves for re-election at the AGM.

At the AGM, separate ordinary resolutions will be proposed for each of the re-elections of Ms. Chen Yanling, Mr. Leung
Chong Shun and Ms. Luo Laura Ying. Details of these retiring Directors will be set out in the circular expected to be
issued by the Company on 6 April 2023.




                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          40
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     Annual Confirmation of Independence
     The Company has received from each independent non-executive Director an annual confirmation of his
     independence, and the Company considers such Directors to be independent in accordance with each and every
     guideline set out in rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules.


     Biographical Details of the Directors and the Senior Management
     The biographical details of the Directors and the senior management are set out on pages 33 to 37 of this Annual
     Report.


     Directors’ Service Contracts
     Each of the Directors of the Company has respectively entered into an appointment letter with the Company, and all
     the executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors were appointed for a three-year and one-year term,
     respectively. Their appointments are subject to retirement from office by rotation and re-election in accordance with the
     relevant terms of the Articles of Association. Save as disclosed above, none of the Directors has entered or intended
     to enter into any service contracts which cannot be determinable by the Company or any of its subsidiaries within one
     year without payment of compensation (except for statutory compensation).


     Management Contracts
     No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of
     the Company were entered into or existed during the Reporting Period.


     Employee Benefit Scheme
     During the Reporting Period, approved by the Benefit Scheme Executive Committee of the Company, there were 6
     employees participating in the CMS Key Employee Benefit Scheme. Details of the Employee Benefit Scheme are set
     out in note 41 to the consolidated financial statements.


     Directors’ interests in Transactions, Arrangements or Contracts of
     Significance
     During the Reporting Period and as at 31 December 2022, none of the Directors had a material interest, whether
     directly or indirectly, in any transaction, arrangement or contract of significance to the business of the Group to which
     the Company or its holding company or any of its subsidiaries was a party.




41   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                                             DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                                                                                                        (CONTINUED)




Directors’ and Chief Executive’s Interests and Short Positions in Shares,
Underlying Shares and Debentures of the Company and Its Associated
Corporations
As at 31 December 2022, the interests or short positions of the Directors and Chief Executive in the shares, underlying
shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of SFO)
which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, or as
otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange, pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions
by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) as set out in Appendix 10 of the Listing Rules were as follows:

                                                                       Class of Shares and          Approximate
                            Name of                                      Total Number of           Percentage of
 Name of Directors                             Nature of Interest
                          Corporations                                     Shares Held             Interest in the
                                                                             (Note 1)                Company
                                              Interest in controlled     1,137,564,000 (L)
    Mr. Lam Kong           The Company                                                                 46.39%
                                                   corporation               (Note 2)
                                                Beneficial owner           20,038,225 (L)               0.82%
  Mr. Chen Hongbing        The Company        Interest in controlled       50,225,000 (L)
                                                                                                        2.05%
                                                   corporation                (Note 3)
   Ms. Chen Yanling        The Company          Beneficial owner            7,246,250(L)                0.30%


Notes:
1.The letter “L” denotes long positions in the Shares.
2.These Shares are held by Mr. Lam Kong through Treasure Sea Limited, a company wholly owned by him.
3.These Shares are held by Mr. Chen Hongbing through Viewell Limited, a company wholly owned by him.


Directors’ Right to Acquire Shares or Debentures
At no time during the Reporting Period were rights to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in or
debentures of the Company granted to any Director or their respective spouses or minor children, or were any such
rights exercised by them; nor was the Company or any of its subsidiaries a party to any arrangements to enable the
Directors, their respective spouses or minor children to acquire such rights in any other body corporate.


Substantial Shareholders’ Interests and Short Positions in Shares,
Underlying Shares and Debentures of the Company and Its Associated
Corporations
Saved as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2022, the Directors were not aware of any other person (other than the
Directors or the Chief Executive of the Company) who held interests and short positions in the shares or underlying
shares or debentures of the Company which would have to be disclosed to the Company and the Stock Exchange
pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or were recorded in the register required to be kept by the
Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.



                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         42
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     Connected Transactions
     During the Reporting Period, there were no connected transactions or continuing connected transactions of
     the Company which are subject to any of the reporting, announcement or independent shareholders’ approval
     requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

     Details of the related party transactions of the Group during the Reporting Period are set out in note 39 and 41 to
     the consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report. These related party transactions either fall outside the
     definitions of “connected transaction” or “continuing connected transaction” in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules or
     are “connected transactions” fully exempt from the reporting, announcement and independent shareholders’ approval
     requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


     Employees
     As at 31 December 2022, the Group had 5,647 employees. To meet the need of talents development of the Group,
     The Group has introduced external professional consulting firms to optimize the Group’s organizational structure,
     improve the Group’s performance management and salary incentive system, etc., further stimulate the organizational
     vitality and improve organizational operation efficiency, enabling the Group’s human resource management to fully
     match with the Group’s development strategy. The Group provides employees with competitive compensation
     packages including salaries, bonuses, insurance and benefits. Salaries and bonuses are based on employees’
     performance and are measured against specific objective criteria. Additionally, the Group is committed to providing
     equal opportunities to all employees in all respects and has made efforts in employees’ continuing education and
     training programs, such as orientation programs for new employees, regulation-related trainings and position skills
     trainings, to continuously enhance their knowledge, skills and team spirit.


     Directors’ and Senior Management’s Emoluments
     The Remuneration Committee determines and proposes to the Board (as the case may be) on the remuneration
     and other benefits payable to the Directors and Management. The Remuneration Committee, on a routine basis,
     supervises the remuneration of all the Directors and the Management to ensure that their remuneration and
     compensation are appropriate and reasonable. The Group adopts competitive remuneration packages with reference
     to the industry standard and in the light of the business advancement of the Group, and determines remuneration of
     the Directors and the Management after taking into account their qualifications, experience and contributions to the
     Group, so as to attract and retain its Directors and Management.

     Particulars of the Directors’ emoluments and the five highest paid individuals of the Group are set out in note 9 and
     note 10 to the consolidated financial statements, respectively.




43   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                                          DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                                                                                                      (CONTINUED)




For the year ended 31 December 2022, the emoluments of the Group’s senior management (including the Company
Secretary but not Directors) are disclosed below:


                Band of Emolument                                     Number of Senior Management
             HK$1,000,001 - HK$1,500,000                                           2
             HK$1,500,001 - HK$2,000,000                                           1
             HK$2,000,001 - HK$2,500,000                                           3
             HK$2,500,001 - HK$3,000,000                                           2
             HK$3,000,001 - HK$3,500,000                                           1
                        Total                                                      9

Key Relationship with Employees, Customers and Suppliers
The Company maintains good relationships with its employees by taking all practicable measures, including but not
limited to improving, reviewing and updating its policies on remuneration and benefits, training, occupational health
and safety, to ensure that all the staff are reasonably remunerated.

The Company has good relationships with its customers and is always improving the communication mechanism with
customers to ensure all complaints or feedback from customers can be fed to the Company a timely manner and the
customers can receive service of high quality.

The Company maintains long-term good cooperation with domestic and overseas suppliers, which are reputable in
the industry.


Environmental Policies and Performance
The Group has strictly enforced the Environmental Protection Law of the People’s Republic of China (《 中 華 人 民
共和國環境保護法》), Law of the People’s Republic of China on Prevention and Control of Water Pollution (《中華
人 民 共 和 國 水 污 染 防 治 法》), Law of the People’s Republic of China on Prevention and Control of Environmental
Noise Pollution (《 中 華 人 民 共 和 國 環 境 噪 音 污 染 防 治 法》), and other applicable laws and regulations related to
environmental matters. The Group rigorously guards against environmental risk accidents in business management
and production processes, and has set up environmental management organizations including the Environmental,
Social and Governance Committee, assigned full-time environmental management personnel, established and
improved the environmental management system, and developed the comprehensive risk-defensive measure
and emergency plan for accidents. We also require our suppliers to operate in strict compliance with the pertinent
environmental regulations and rules and obtain all necessary permission and approval from the relevant government
authorities.




                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        44
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     Compliance with Laws and Regulations
     During the Reporting Period, the Group had complied with the relevant laws and regulations that have a significant
     impact on the operations of the Group.


     Principal Risks and Uncertainties
     There are a number of risks and uncertainties which may affect the performance and operation of the Group. The
     following is a summary of principal risks and uncertainties identified by the Company:


     Compliance with GMP and GSP Standards
     In accordance with applicable laws and regulations, certain subsidiaries of the Company are required to comply
     with good Manufacturing Practice (“GMP”) standards and good Supplying Practice (“GSP”) standards constantly
     and strictly. The Group has established a sound quality management system for the production and operation of
     pharmaceuticals, and accepts continuous supervision and inspection by regulatory agencies to ensure compliance
     with current GMP and GSP standards. In the event that those subsidiaries fail to strictly comply with the requirements
     of GMP and/or GSP standards and are penalized by the regulatory authorities, the Group’s business may still be
     largely and adversely affected after taking related remedies.


     Product Liability
     As insurance is not mandatorily required, the Group has not covered valid product liability insurance in respect of
     the manufacture and distribution of pharmaceutical products in the PRC. In the event of any product liability claim
     or proceedings pertaining to the products of the Group, which could not be solved through negotiation or any other
     methods, the Group may suffer material cost and damage to its relationship with customers.


     Healthcare Reform in China
     The government regulation and governance over the healthcare system in the PRC is undergoing a crucial reform
     period, where (i) the applicable laws, regulations and policies pertaining to the healthcare, medical and pharmaceutical
     industry are constantly evolving, and (ii) governmental authorities in the PRC may regularly or unexpectedly amend
     their implementation practices. Enforcement action taken by the government against the Group may affect us
     materially and adversely. Significant adverse consequences may therefore be incurred if our Group did not optimize
     its strategy to adapt to the variation of the Chinese medical system in time. Moreover, the scope and the extent of
     application of the government regulation and governance are continually changing, which leads to more risks and
     uncertainties in respect of the performance and operation of the Group. The National VBP is an industrial policy that
     has significant impact on the Group. Details of the impacts of the National VBP are set out in the section headed
     “Impacts of Significant Industrial Policies” in “Management Discussion and Analysis” on page 25 of this Annual Report.




45   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                                                  DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                                                                                                               (CONTINUED)




Tender and Price Control
The Company and its subsidiaries have to participate in a government-led tender process every year or every few
years. Any failure in bidding in a provincial tender process will affect the Group’s ability to sell products in the respective
province. Moreover, the product price, our market share, revenue and profitability may be affected due to certain new
methods adopted in the provincial tender process.


R&D, Regulatory Approval and Commercialization of Innovative Patented Products
The successful development of innovative patented products, the obtaining of regulatory approval and the realization of
commercialization are affected by a number of factors. These include but are not limited to the sufficiency of resources
to acquire or discover more drug candidates, pre-clinical studies and clinical trial delays or failures, uncertainties
brought about by the duration of the approval and regulatory approval process, and, if regulatory approval is obtained,
whether the products can be promoted successfully and their acceptance level in the market. If the R&D of innovative
patented products fails, the Group is unable to obtain regulatory approval, or market acceptance of our products is
not promising, the Group’s future development may be affected adversely.

Furthermore, there may be other principal risks and uncertainties that are not known to the Company or may not be
material now but could turn out to be material in the future.


Major Customers and Suppliers
For the year ended 31 December 2022, the percentage of sales to the Group’s five largest customers was
approximately 33.3% of the Group’s total sales, and sales to the top customer accounted for approximately 14.4% of
the total sales.

For the year ended 31 December 2022, the percentage of purchases from the Group’s five largest suppliers was
approximately 84.6% of the Group’s total purchases, and purchase from the top supplier accounted for approximately
30.8% of the total purchases.

Except as disclosed in note 39 to the consolidated financial statement, none of the Group’s directors, their close
associates or shareholders had an interest in the Group’s suppliers or customers.


Corporate Governance
A report for the corporate governance principles and practices adopted by the Company is set out on pages 49 to 60
of this Annual Report.




                                                                                 CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED            46
                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     Sufficiency of Public Float
     According to the publicly available information and as far as the Directors were aware of, as at the date of this Annual
     Report, at least 25% of the Company’s total issued share capital was held by the public in compliance with the public
     float requirement under the Listing Rules.


     Non-competition and Indemnity Agreements
     The Company entered into a deed of non-competition with Mr. Lam Kong and his wholly owned company registered
     in the British Virgin Islands - Treasure Sea Limited (“Treasure Sea”) on 14 September 2010 (the “Non-competition
     Deed”). Mr. Lam Kong and Treasure Sea jointly undertook not to carry on businesses that are in competition with the
     business of the Group.

     Mr. Lam Kong and Treasure Sea stated that they had complied with the relevant clauses of the Non-competition Deed,
     and did not engage in businesses that are in competition or may compete with the businesses of the Group, and also
     did not directly or indirectly hold any business interest that is in competition with the businesses of the Group during
     the Reporting Period.

     The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the compliance of the Non-competition Deed by Mr. Lam
     Kong and Treasure Sea during the Reporting Period, and reviewed the relevant business information provided by the
     Group. The independent non-executive Directors were of the opinion that Mr. Lam Kong and Treasure Sea complied
     with the relevant terms of the Non-competition Deed during the Reporting Period and did not cause any competition
     with the Group. The Board of Directors operated and managed the Group’s businesses independently in the interests
     of the Company and its shareholders as a whole.


     Donation
     During the Reporting Period, the Group had made donations of RMB2.7 million for public services in communities, for
     details please refer to “Undertaking Community Responsibilities” on page 47 of the Group’s Environmental, Social and
     Governance Report 2022.


     Permitted Indemnity Provision
     According to the Articles of Association, among others, every Director, auditor or other officer of the Company shall be
     entitled to be indemnified out of the assets of the Company against all losses or liabilities incurred or sustained by him
     as a Director, auditor or other officer of the Company in defending any proceedings, whether civil or criminal, in which
     judgment is given in his favor, or in which he is acquitted.

     During the year ended 31 December 2022, pursuant to the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622 of the Laws
     of Hong Kong), appropriate insurance coverage for the Directors’ and senior management’s liabilities in respect of legal
     actions against the Directors and senior management of the Company arising out of corporate activities of the Group
     has been arranged by the Company.




47   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                                          DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                                                                                                      (CONTINUED)




Equity-Linked Agreements
The Company has not entered into any equity-linked agreement during the year ended 31 December 2022.


Compliance with the Corporate Governance Code
The Company has complied with the applicable principles and code provisions of the Corporate Governance Code
(the “CG Code”) as set out in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2022, except for
a deviation from the Code Provision C.2.1 in respect of the roles of Chairman and Chief Executive which shall not be
performed by the same individual. The details of the Company’s compliance with the CG Code are set out on pages
49 to 60 of this Annual Report.


Competing Interests
None of the Directors or management and their respective associates (as defined in the Listing Rules) has an interest
in a business which competes or may compete with the businesses of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or has
any other conflict of interest with the Company during the Reporting Period.


Audit Committee
The details of the Audit Committee are set out on pages 52 to 53 of the Corporate Governance Report of this Annual
Report.


Auditors
The Company has appointed Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as auditors since the listing of the Company on the Main
Board of the Stock Exchange on 28 September 2010. The financial statements in the Annual Report for the year have
been audited by Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu. A resolution will be submitted at the AGM of the Company to re-appoint
Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as auditor of the Company.

                                                                                    By order of the Board
                                                                            China Medical System Holdings Limited
                                                                                         Lam Kong
                                                                                          Chairman

Hong Kong, 16 March 2023




                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        48
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Corporate Governance Report
     The Company is committed to upholding high standards of corporate governance and has adopted sound
     governance and disclosure practices. The Company believes that continuously improving corporate governance can
     increase the Group’s accountability and transparency so as to maximize the long-term level shareholder value.


     Corporate Governance Practices
     The Company has complied with the applicable principles and code provisions of the CG Code as set out in Appendix
     14 to the Listing Rules from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2022, except for a deviation from the Code Provision
     C.2.1 in respect of the roles of Chairman and Chief Executive which shall not be performed by the same individual.

     Mr. Lam Kong has been both the Chairman and Chief Executive of the Company and his responsibilities are clearly
     established and set out in writing and approved by the Board. Given the Group’s current stage of development, the
     Board considers that vesting the roles of Chairman and Chief Executive in the same person facilitates the execution
     of the Group’s business strategies and maximizes effectiveness of its operations. The Board shall nevertheless review
     the Group’s management structure from time to time and shall consider any appropriate adjustments should new
     circumstances arise.


     Directors’ Securities Transactions
     The Company adopted the Model Code as the code of conduct for Directors’ securities transactions. Having made
     specific inquiries of all Directors in relation to the compliance with the Model Code for securities transactions by
     Directors, the Company confirmed that all the Directors have complied with the relevant standards for securities
     transactions by directors set out in the Model Code for the year ended 31 December 2022. The Model Code also
     applies to other specified senior management of the Company.

     Employees who are likely to be in possession of unpublished price-sensitive information about the Company are also
     subject to compliance with guidelines on no less exacting terms than the Model Code. No incident of non-compliance
     with the guidelines by such employees was noted by the Company in the Reporting Period.


     Operation of the Board
     In accordance with good corporate governance principles, the Board convened regular meetings in accordance with
     statutory procedures, and complied strictly with the applicable laws, regulations and the Articles of Association in the
     exercise of its authority, with an emphasis on protecting the interests of the Company and its shareholders as a whole.

     The role and responsibilities of the Board broadly cover reviewing and approving corporate mission and broad
     strategies; overseeing and evaluating the conduct of the Group’s businesses; identifying principal risks and ensuring
     the implementation of appropriate measures and control systems to manage these risks; and reviewing and approving
     important matters such as financial results, investments and divestments and other material transactions. All Directors
     and Board Committees have access to external legal counsel and other professionals for independent advice to better
     perform their duties at the Group’s expense if necessary.



49   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                                                                                            (CONTINUED)




The Board has performed the strategic decision-making function in accordance with the long-term interest of the
Group as well as the interest of shareholders and relevant parties, and has been subject to effective supervision and
assessment in maintaining corporate resources and conducting operation management. The Board is responsible for
making effective incentives and constraints for the management when duly delegating powers to them. Meanwhile,
as the core of the Company’s corporate governance framework, the Board has clearly separated its functions and
duties from that of the management. Differentiating itself from the functions and duties of the Board, the specific
responsibilities and duties of the management of the Company mainly include running the Company’s day-to-
day business; drafting and proposing the Company’s annual business plan and investment plan; working out the
human resource policy and arranging an appropriate organizational structure of the Company; drafting plans for the
establishment of the Company’s branch offices; creating and upgrading the Company’s basic internal management
system and mandates for Company management; within the authority delegated by the Board, appointing, changing
or recommending shareholder representatives, directors and supervisors in its holding subsidiary or joint stock
subsidiary; and other powers delegated by the Board.

The Company has established four committees, namely, the Audit Committee, the Nomination Committee, the
Remuneration Committee and the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee, which mainly comprise
independent non-executive Directors and are responsible for overseeing particular aspects of the Group’s business
and providing the Group with recommendations for improvements. Please see below for the work scope of these
committees. The Board has delegated the responsibilities of the day-to-day management and operation of the Group’s
businesses to the management of the Company and its subsidiaries.


Composition of the Board
As at the date of this Annual Report, the Board consists of six Directors, including three executive Directors, namely
Mr. Lam Kong, Mr. Chen Hongbing and Ms. Chen Yanling; three independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr.
Leung Chong Shun, Ms. Luo Laura Ying and Mr. Fung Ching Simon. Biographical details of the Directors are set out
on pages 33 to 35 of this Annual Report. Save as disclosed in the section headed “Directors and Senior Management”
of this Annual Report, none of the Directors has any financial, business, family or other material or relevant relationships
among members of the Board.


Board Attendances and Time Commitment
During the Reporting Period, the Company held four Board meetings and one annual general meeting. The following is
the attendance record of the Directors at such meetings held during the Reporting Period.


Name                           Title                                                        Attendance Rate
                                                                                       Board            Annual General
                                                                                      Meeting              Meeting
Mr. Lam Kong                   Chairman and Chief Executive, President                   4/4                   1/1
Mr. Chen Hongbing              Chief Operating Officer, Vice President                   4/4                   1/1
Ms. Chen Yanling               Chief Financial Officer, Vice President                   4/4                   1/1
Mr. Leung Chong Shun           Independent Non- Executive Director                       4/4                   1/1
Ms. Luo Laura Ying             Independent Non- Executive Director                       4/4                   1/1
Mr. Fung Ching Simon           Independent Non- Executive Director                       4/4                   1/1


                                                                               CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           50
                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     During the Reporting Period, the Board had passed one set of written resolutions of the Board.

     Upon reviewing (i) the annual confirmation of the time commitment given by each Director; (ii) the directorships and
     major commitments of each Director; and (iii) the attendance rate of each Director for the Board meetings and the
     general meetings, the Board is satisfied that all Directors have spent sufficient time in performing their responsibilities
     during the Reporting Period.


     Independent Non-executive Directors and Mechanisms Ensuring
     Independent Views and Input Available to the Board
     The Nomination Committee is authorized to identify individuals suitably qualified to become independent non-executive
     Directors through various ways and channels, including recommendation by Directors, engaging external agencies
     and any other way or channel that the Nomination Committee considers appropriate. The Nomination Committee will
     request the candidates to provide their biographies and other information that the Nomination Committee considers
     necessary, and will comprehensively consider the factors including the character and integrity, the achievements and
     experience in the industries involved in the business of the Group, other professional qualifications, diversity factors,
     the time devoted to the affairs of the Board, the undertaking of the duties of the Board, and the independence
     requirement of independent non-executive Directors under the Listing Rules to evaluate and select candidates for
     independent non-executive Directors and propose one or several of them to the Board.

     For the year ended 31 December 2022, there were three independent non-executive Directors, representing one-half
     of the Board, at least one of whom has appropriate professional accounting qualifications. The Company has received
     from each independent non-executive Director an annual confirmation of his/her independence, and the Company
     considers such Directors to be independent in accordance with each and every guideline set out under the Listing
     Rules.

     The independent non-executive Directors are appointed for a period of one year. All of them are subject to
     retirement by rotation and re-election by shareholders at the annual general meeting in accordance with the Articles
     of Association. The responsibilities of the independent non-executive Directors include, without limitation: regular
     attendance at meetings of the Board and of Board Committees of which they are members; provision of independent
     opinion at meetings of the Board and other Board Committees; service on the Audit Committee, the Remuneration
     Committee, the Nomination Committee and the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee; and scrutinizing
     and monitoring the performance of the Company as a whole.

     All independent non-executive Directors have spent sufficient time in performing their responsibilities during the
     Reporting Period. They monitored and ensured that the Group implemented good corporate governance. They
     applied their professional skills, knowledge and experience in the areas of accounting, finance, law and investment
     and made sufficient contributions to the Company.

     All Directors and Board Committees have access to external legal counsel and other professionals for independent
     advice to better perform their duties at the Group’s expense if necessary.




51   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                                                                                            (CONTINUED)




During the Reporting Period, the Board had reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the mechanisms
ensuring independent views and input available to the Board and is of the view that the mechanisms worked well to
ensure that the Board had access to independent views and input.


Directors’ Continuous Professional Development
On appointment to the Board, each newly appointed Director has received training from professional lawyer covering
the general, statutory and regulatory obligations of being a director of a listed company to ensure that he/she is
sufficiently aware of his /her responsibilities under the Listing Rules and other relevant legal requirements.

From time to time, the Directors are provided with written materials to develop and refresh their professional skills. The
Company Secretary also organizes and arranges seminars on the latest development of the applicable laws, rules and
regulations for the Directors to assist them in discharging their duties.

According to the records maintained by the Company, the Directors received the following training with an emphasis
on the roles, functions and duties of a director of a listed company in compliance with the CG Code on continuous
professional development during the Reporting Period.


                                                          Corporate Governance/Updates on Laws, Rules and
Directors
                                                              Regulations/Updates on Industry Specific
                                                             Written Materials                Briefings/Seminars
Executive Directors
Mr. Lam Kong                                                          √                                 √
Mr. Chen Hongbing                                                     √                                 √
Ms. Chen Yanling                                                      √                                 √

Independent Non-executive Directors
Mr. Leung Chong Shun                                                  √                                 √
Ms. Luo Laura Ying                                                    √                                 √
Mr. Fung Ching Simon                                                  √                                 √


Committees
The Company has established the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee, the Nomination Committee and
the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee. The function of each of these committees is to study pertinent
issues in its area of expertise and to provide opinions and recommendations for consideration by the Board under its
own defined terms of reference.


Audit Committee
The Company established the Audit Committee in 2007. The Audit Committee comprises three independent non-
executive Directors, and is currently chaired by Mr. Fung Ching Simon, with Mr. Leung Chong Shun and Ms. Luo Laura
Ying as the committee members.



                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          52
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     The primary duties of the Audit Committee are to provide the Directors with an independent review of the effectiveness
     of the financial reporting process, internal control and risk management system of the Company, and to oversee the
     audit process and to perform other duties and responsibilities as assigned by the Directors. The Audit Committee also
     oversees the Company’s appointment of external auditors. The annual results announcement and annual report for
     the year ended 31 December 2022 of the Company have been reviewed by the Audit Committee and approved by
     the Board with recommendation of the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee meets at least twice a year with the
     external auditors in absence of the executive Directors. The terms of reference of the Audit Committee are posted on
     the Stock Exchange’s website (http://www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company’s website (http://www.cms.net.cn).

     For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Audit Committee held three meetings. At the meetings, the Audit
     Committee reviewed the annual results for 2021, the interim results for 2022, the activities of the Group’s risk
     management and internal control functions and also discussed and approved the arrangement of the annual
     audit work and then proposed the recommendations to the Board. Below is the attendance rate of the committee
     members:


     Committee Members                    Attendance Rate of the Meetings for the Year Ended 31 December 2022
     Mr. Fung Ching Simon (Chairman)                                       3/3
     Mr. Leung Chong Shun                                                  3/3
     Ms. Luo Laura Ying                                                    3/3


     Remuneration Committee
     The Company established a Remuneration Committee in 2007. The Remuneration Committee comprises three
     independent non-executive Directors, and is currently chaired by Mr. Leung Chong Shun, with Ms. Luo Laura Ying and
     Mr. Fung Ching Simon as the committee members.

     The primary duties of the Remuneration Committee include (but without limitation): (i) making recommendations to the
     Board on the policy and structure for remunerations of all Directors and senior management and on the establishment
     of a formal and transparent procedure for developing policies on such remuneration; (ii) determining the terms of the
     specific remuneration package of the Directors and senior management; (iii) approving the terms of Directors’ service
     contracts; and (iv) reviewing and approving performance-based remuneration (including share schemes, if any) by
     reference to corporate goals and objectives resolved by the Directors from time to time. The terms of reference of the
     Remuneration Committee are posted on the Stock Exchange’s website (http://www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company’s
     website (http://www.cms.net. cn).

     For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Remuneration Committee held three meetings. At the meetings,
     the Remuneration Committee reviewed and recommended adjusting remuneration of the Directors and senior
     management with reference to the industry standard, in light of the business advancement of the Group and according
     to their qualifications, experience and contributions, and considered that the proposed remunerations of whom were
     reasonable and appropriate. Below is the attendance rate of the committee members:




53   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                                                                                      (CONTINUED)




Committee Members                     Attendance Rate of the Meetings for the Year ended 31 December 2022
Mr. Leung Chong Shun (Chairman)                                        3/3
Ms. Luo Laura Ying                                                     3/3
Mr. Fung Ching Simon                                                   3/3


Nomination Committee
The Company established the Nomination Committee in 2007. The Nomination Committee comprises one executive
Director and three independent non-executive Directors, and is currently chaired by Ms. Luo Laura Ying, with Mr. Lam
Kong, Mr. Leung Chong Shun and Mr. Fung Ching Simon as the committee members.

The primary duties of the Nomination Committee are to make recommendations to the Directors on all new
appointments of Directors and senior management, interviewing nominees, and to take up references and to consider
related matters. The terms of reference of the Nomination Committee are posted on the Stock Exchange’s website
(http://www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company’s website (http://www.cms.net.cn).

For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Nomination Committee held one meeting. At the meetings, the
Nomination Committee reviewed the composition and structure of the Board in order to determine whether it is in
compliance with requirements under the relevant laws, regulations and rules and whether the diversity on the Board
has been achieved and maintained, considered and made recommendations to the Board on the re-appointment of
the retiring Directors at the 2021 annual general meeting, and also assessed whether the independent non-executive
Directors had spent enough time in fulfilling their duties and their independence. The Nomination Committee is of the
view that the current composition and structure of the Board comply with the applicable regulations and the Board is
experienced and has diversified perspectives and views. Below is the attendance rate of the committee members:


Committee Members                     Attendance Rate of the Meeting for the Year ended 31 December 2022
Ms. Luo Laura Ying (Chairman)                                         1/1
Mr. Lam Kong                                                          1/1
Mr. Leung Chong Shun                                                  1/1
Mr. Fung Ching Simon                                                  1/1


Policy for the Nomination of Directors
The Company has adopted the Policy for the Nomination of Directors (the “Nomination Policy”). During the Reporting
Period, the Nomination Committee had reviewed the Nomination Policy.

The Nomination Policy sets out the selection criteria and the nomination procedures of Directors.




                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED       54
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     The Nomination Committee is authorized to identify individuals suitably qualified to become Board members through
     various ways and channels, including recommendation by Directors, engaging external agencies and any other way or
     channel that the Nomination Committee considers appropriate. The Nomination Committee will request the candidates
     to provide their biographies and other information that the Nomination Committee considers necessary, and will
     comprehensively consider the factors including the character and integrity, the achievements and experience in the
     industries involved in the business of the Group, other professional qualifications, diversity factors, the time devoted to
     the affairs of the Board, the undertaking of the duties of the Board, and the independence requirement of independent
     non-executive Directors under the Listing Rules to evaluate and select candidates. After considering the suitability of
     a candidate to become a Director, the Nomination Committee will call a meeting and/or pass a written resolution to
     recommend appointment of Director to the Board. The Board will make a final decision based on the recommendation
     of the Nomination Committee. The Company may from time to time increase the number of Directors by ordinary
     resolution at general meetings pursuant to Article 16.3 of the Articles of Association. Shareholders may also nominate
     persons to be elected as Directors at general meetings pursuant to Article 16.4 of the Articles of Association.

     The Nomination Committee and the Board shall, in accordance with the Listing Rules and Article 16.18 of the Articles
     of Association, determine the candidates for re-election of Directors at the general meetings through the following
     procedures: the Nomination Committee shall review the retiring Directors’ overall contribution and service to the
     Company and their participation and performance in Board affairs, and take into account the Company’s strategy at
     that time and the structure, size and composition of the Board, to consider the suitability of the retiring Directors to be
     re-appointed. The Nomination Committee shall submit its recommendations to the Board for consideration based on
     the above consideration. The Board shall, as appropriate, make recommendations to the shareholders that the retiring
     Directors be re-elected at the general meetings.

     Board Diversity Policy and Gender Diversity
     The Company views the increasing diversity at the Board level as an essential element in supporting the attainment
     of its strategic objectives, maintaining competitive advantages and keeping sustainable development. Therefore, the
     Company has adopted a Board Diversity Policy (the “Board Diversity Policy ”) to set out the approach to achieve and
     maintain diversity on the Board in order to enhance the effectiveness of the Board. Pursuant to the Board Diversity
     Policy, the Company seeks to achieve Board diversity through the consideration of a number of factors, including
     but not limited to professional skills, experience, culture and education background, ethnicity, gender, age, etc. In
     introducing its perspective on diversity, the Company will also take into account factors based on its own business
     model and specific needs from time to time. Ultimately, all Board appointments will be based on merit, and candidates
     will be considered against objective criteria, fully having due regard to the benefits diversity brings to the Board. The
     Board shall continue to maintain the gender diversity among the Board members. The Nomination Committee and
     the Board review the Board Diversity Policy and its implementation and effectiveness on a regular basis to ensure its
     continued effectiveness. During the Reporting Period, the Nomination Committee and the Board had reviewed the
     Board Diversity Policy and its implementation and effectiveness and considers it to be effective.




55   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                                                                                       (CONTINUED)




As at the date of this Annual Report, the Board’s composition from a board diversity perspective is summarized as
follows:


                                     Executive Directors                   Independent Non-executive Directors
     Designation
                                             3                                             3
                                            Male                                         Female
       Gender
                                             4                                             2
                                       51-55 years old                               56-60 years old
     Age Group
                                             2                                             4
                          2 years and below          3-4 years               5-9 years        10 years and above
  Length of Service
                                   1                     1                       1                     3
    Professional
                                               Pharmaceuticals, Accounting, Investment, Law
    Background


As at 31 December 2022, the Board consists of six members, including two female members. Female Board
members represent 33.3% of the Board. The Board considers that it has achieved gender diversity. The Board
wishes to maintain its current female ratio (33.3%) at least. The Nomination Committee shall continue to consider and
implement the Board Diversity Policy in future selection and recommendation of Board member candidates. The Board
shall continue to introduce female members if it considers the candidates suitable with the ultimate goal of achieving
gender parity within the Board.

Female senior management members represent 33.3% of the senior management of the Company. Female middle-
senior management members represent 35.0% of the middle-senior management of the Group. Female employees
represent 53.8% of the employees of the Group. The Group wishes to keep the ratio of its female employees not lower
than 50%.


Environmental, Social and Governance Committee
The Company established the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee in 2020. The Environmental, Social
and Governance Committee comprises one executive Director and two independent non-executive Directors, and
is currently chaired by Ms. Chen Yanling, with Mr. Leung Chong Shun and Mr. Fung Ching Simon as the committee
members.




                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         56
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     The primary duties of the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee are to comprehensively formulate and
     review the administrative policies, strategies and structures of the Group’s environmental, social and governance;
     to review environmental, social and governance-related policies, regulations and trends and provide decision-
     making advice to the Board of Directors regarding the Group’s environmental, social and governance strategies and
     operations; to ensure the Company to comply with requirements of applicable laws and regulations; to monitor and
     supervise the formulation and implementation of the Group’s environmental, social and governance objectives; to
     identify external environmental, social and governance trends, risks and opportunities; and to promote a positive
     culture throughout the Group and actively incorporate environmental, social and governance considerations into
     the business decision-making processes, etc. The terms of reference of the Environmental, Social and Governance
     Committee are posted on the Stock Exchange’s website (http://www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company’s website
     (http://www.cms.net.cn).

     For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee held four meetings.
     At the meetings, the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee reviewed the Group’s overall environmental,
     social and governance (the “ESG”) performance, reviewed the implementation progress of the Group’s ESG
     objectives, reported the important trends affecting the Group’s ESG strategies, assessed the impact of ESG risks and
     opportunities on the Group, guided and reviewed the Group’s ESG materiality analysis, and reviewed and reported to
     the Board the 2021 ESG Report of the Company. Below is the attendance rate of the committee members:


     Committee Members                     Attendance Rate of the Meeting for the Year ended 31 December 2022
     Ms. Chen Yanling (Chairman)                                           4/4
     Mr. Leung Chong Shun                                                  4/4
     Mr. Fung Ching Simon                                                  4/4


     Corporate Governance Functions
     No corporate governance committee has been established, and the Board is responsible for performing the corporate
     governance functions such as developing and reviewing the Company’s policies and practices on corporate
     governance, providing training and continuous professional development for Directors and senior management, and
     ensuring the Company’s policies and practices are in compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, etc.


     Auditor’s Remuneration
     For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Company has appointed Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as our independent
     external auditor to provide the annual performance auditing service. The remuneration for its auditing and non-auditing
     service was HK$5.0 million and HK$3.0 million, respectively. The non-auditing service covered tax advisory service,
     due diligence service and ESG related assurance service.




57   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                                                                                          (CONTINUED)




Directors’ and Auditor’s Responsibilities for Accounts
The Board acknowledges their responsibility for presenting a balanced, clear and understandable assessment of
annual and interim reports, inside information announcements and other financial disclosures required under the
Listing Rules and other regulatory requirements. The Directors confirm that they are responsible for the preparation
of financial reports, and to give a true and fair view of the Company’s and the Group’s financial status and operating
results for the year ended 31 December 2022. In preparing these financial statements, the Board has selected
suitable accounting policies and applied them consistently; made judgments and estimates that are prudent, fair and
reasonable; and have prepared the consolidated financial statements on a going concern basis.

The responsibility of auditor is set out on pages 64 to 65 of the independent auditor’s report.


Risk Management and Internal Controls
The Group has established and designed appropriate policies and controls to ensure that assets are safeguarded
against unauthorized use or disposal, relevant rules and regulations are adhered to and complied with, reliable financial
and accounting records are maintained in accordance with relevant accounting standards and regulatory reporting
requirements, and main risks that may impact on the Group’s performance are appropriately identified and managed.
The systems and internal controls can only provide reasonable but not absolute assurance to prevent material
misstatement or losses, as they are designed to manage, rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business
objectives.

The Board confirms its responsibility for supervising the Group’s risk management and internal control systems
and reviewing their effectiveness at least annually through the Audit Committee. The Group’s finance department,
compliance department, audit department, legal department and various operating departments are responsible for
the implementation of risk management policies and routine risk management work. The Group’s Internal Audit and
the Audit Committee assist the Board in the review of the effectiveness of the Group’s risk management and internal
control systems on the basis of continuity. The Directors through these committees are kept regularly appraised of
significant risks that may impact on the Group’s performance.

The Group has a strict reporting system and specified the reporting channels, treatment procedure, whistleblower
protection and other related issues in the CMS Anti-fraud Management Policy to ensure that all reporting can be
properly handled. During the Reporting Period, the Company has amended the CMS Anti-fraud Management Policy.
If requested by the whistleblower, the content of the report can be forwarded to the Audit Committee. Regarding the
procedure and internal control over handling and propagation of the inside information, the Group has adopted an
Inside Information Management Policy which has been disseminated to all the staff. Based on the policy and in order
to ensure that the inside information would be processed and propagated in compliance, the Group has established
monitoring measures to ensure that the potential inside information could be promptly recognized, assessed and then
provided to the Board for their decision that whether a disclosure is required.




                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         58
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     The Audit Committee assists the Board in performing its supervision over the recourses and corporate governance
     roles in the Group’s financial, operational, compliance, risk management, internal controls, internal audit, ESG
     performance and reporting related functions by reviewing the working report from internal audit and external audit.
     During the Reporting Period, the Group’s Internal Audit conducted selective reviews of the effectiveness of the systems
     of risk management and internal controls of the Group in respect of financial, operational and compliance controls with
     emphasis on control over business continuity, compliance risks and fraud risks. The Group’s Internal Audit reported
     such results to the Audit Committee, which then reviewed and reported the same to the Board. The Audit Committee
     and the Board were not aware of any areas of concern that would have a significant impact on the Group’s financial
     position or results of operations and considered the risk management and internal control systems to be generally
     sufficient and effective with adequate resources, staff qualifications and experience, training programs for the staff and
     budget for the accounting, internal audit, financial reporting and ESG performance and reporting functions, etc.

     In addition to the review of risk management and internal controls executed within the Group, the external auditor
     appointed by the Group also assessed the adequacy and effectiveness of certain main risk management and internal
     controls as part of their regulatory audits. The external auditor’s related recommendation will be adopted under
     appropriate circumstances to strengthen the risk management and internal controls.


     Shareholders’ Rights
     Convening an Extraordinary General Meeting
     Pursuant to article 12.3 of the Articles of Association, any one or more shareholders holding at the date of deposit of
     the requisition not less than one-tenth of the paid-up capital of the Company carrying the right of voting at general
     meetings of the Company shall at all times has the right, by written requisition specifying the objects of the meeting
     and signed by the requisitionists to the Company’s headquarters and principal place of business in Hong Kong at Unit
     2106, 21/F, Island Place Tower, 510 King’s Road, North Point, Hong Kong to require an extraordinary general meeting
     to be called by the Board for the transaction of any business specified in such requisition. The same requirement and
     procedure also apply to any proposal to be tabled at shareholders’ meetings for adoption.

     Shareholders’ Enquiries
     Shareholders should direct their questions about their shareholdings to the Company’s branch share registrar,
     Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited (Shops 1712-1716, 17/F, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road
     East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong). Shareholders and the investment community may at any time make a request for
     the Company’s information to the extent that such information is publically available. Shareholders may also make
     enquiries to the Board by writing to the Company Secretary at the Company’s headquarters and principal place of
     business in Hong Kong at Unit 2106, 21/F, Island Place Tower, 510 King’s Road, North Point, Hong Kong.


     Articles of Association
     During the Reporting Period, there were no changes made to the Articles of Association.




59   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                                                                                         (CONTINUED)




Communications with Shareholders and Investors
The Company attaches great importance to communications with shareholders and investors as always, and
is committed to disclosing information that is important to shareholders and investors in a timely and objective
manner through multiple channels. We actively and effectively communicate the Company’s latest business
development and strategies to the capital market. To further optimize this communication, the Group has established
Investors (Shareholders Included) Communication Policy and regularly reviews and assesses its implementation
and effectiveness. During the Reporting Period, the Board has reviewed the Investors (Shareholders Included)
Communication Policy and considers it to be effective.

The Company interacts with its shareholders and investors mainly through the following channels, and proactively
solicits and responds to the opinions of shareholders and investors: (i) holding Annual General Meetings and
Extraordinary General Meetings; (ii) providing timely release of latest news and updates of the Company on the
official website as well as official WeChat accounts and financial media platforms; (iii) responding to inquiries from
shareholders and investors via various means such as telephone and email; (iv) organizing online and offline Interim
and Annual Results Announcement Conferences (v) participating in various conferences, roadshows and other
events organized by securities institutions; (vi) organizing and receiving investors visits and conference calls. During
the Reporting Period, the management and the investor relations team of the Company have received more than a
thousand representatives of domestic and overseas investment institutions and individuals.

In addition, the Group has disclosed the contact information for investor relations on the Company’s official website
to facilitate any enquiries or opinions about the Company from investors, and encourage investors to provide their
telephone number or email for timely and effective response.

The Company’s active and persistent communication with shareholders and investors has been recognized by third
parties. During the Reporting Period, the Company was awarded the Golden HK Stock “Most Valuable Pharmaceutical
Listing Company” for the fifth time and the Golden HK Stock “Best Hong Kong Stock Connect Listing Company”
for the second time; It was listed as the “Top 25 Listed Pharmaceutical Companies” of “Top 100 Hong Kong Listed
Companies”, “Top 20 Competitive Chinese Pharmaceutical Listed Companies” , and also won the “Annual Growth
Value Awards” of Annual Golden Award, “Best Information Disclosure Award” , “Listed Biopharma with the Most
Growing Value” and “Overseas Listed Company with the Most Growing Value”, and once again listed on “CSR
Ranking of Pharmaceutical Enterprises” and selected as the “TOP20 ESG Competitiveness of Chinese Pharmaceutical
Listed Companies” and “Top 10 Best Corporate Governance Companies”,etc.

In the future, the Group will continue to maintain close, sincere and effective communication and interaction with
investors, listen attentively to voices from the capital markets, and further optimize investor relations work.




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         60
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2022
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




     TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF
     CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     康哲藥業控股有限公司
     (incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


     Opinion

     We have audited the consolidated financial statements of China Medical System Holdings Limited (the “Company”)
     and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as “the Group”) set out on pages 66 to 188, which comprise the
     consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2022, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss
     and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash
     flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant
     accounting policies.

     In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of
     the Group as at 31 December 2022, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for
     the year then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) and have been properly
     prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


     Basis for Opinion

     We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the Hong Kong
     Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described
     in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are
     independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”),
     and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence
     we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


     Key Audit Matters

     Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the
     consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit
     of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a
     separate opinion on these matters.




61   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                            INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
                                                                                                          (CONTINUED)




TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF
CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED - continued
康哲藥業控股有限公司
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


Key Audit Matters - continued

 Key audit matter                                               How our audit addressed the key audit matter

 Impairment of Goodwill

 We identified the impairment of goodwill allocated to the      Our procedures in relation to the impairment of
 cash generating unit of Tianjin Kangzhe Pharmaceutical         goodwill included:
 Technology Development Co., Ltd. (“Tianjin Kangzhe”) as
 a key audit matter due to the involvement of significant       •   Making inquiries with management on their
 judgment of the management in determining the                      bases and assumptions used in relation to the
 impairment of goodwill.                                            preparation of the value in use calculation;


 The impairment of goodwill allocated to the cash               •   Checking the mathematical accuracy of the value
 generating unit of Tianjin Kangzhe is determined based on          in use calculation;
 the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in
 use of the cash generating unit. The recoverable amount        •   Evaluating the reasonableness of the key
 has been determined based on value in use calculation,             assumptions including growth rates, discount
 which is based on the cash flow forecasts prepared by              rate and the forecast performance used by the
 management. The impairment model is sensitive to                   management with reference to the historical
 changes in the key assumptions including growth rates,             performance;
 discount rate and the forecast performance based on
 management's view of future business prospects.                •   Checking the inputs used in the cash flow forecast
                                                                    against supporting documentation;
 As at 31 December 2022, the carrying value of goodwill
 allocated to the cash generating unit of Tianjin Kangzhe       •   Evaluating the sensitivity analysis prepared by the
 was RMB990 million. Details relating to the Group's                management on discount rate and growth rates
 goodwill and key sources of estimation uncertainty are set         to assess the extent of impact on the value in use
 out in Note 19 and Note 4 to the consolidated financial            calculation;
 statements, respectively.
                                                                •   Evaluating the independent professional external
                                                                    valuer’s competence, capabilities and objectivity;
                                                                    and

                                                                •   Involving our inter nal valuation specialists
                                                                    to assess the appropriateness of valuation
                                                                    methodology and discount rate adopted.




                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED       62
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF
     CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED - continued
     康哲藥業控股有限公司
     (incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


     Other Information

     The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
     information included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s
     report thereon.

     Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any
     form of assurance conclusion thereon.

     In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information
     and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial
     statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the
     work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required
     to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


     Responsibilities of Directors and Those Charged with Governance for the
     Consolidated Financial Statements

     The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a
     true and fair view in accordance with IFRSs and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance,
     and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial
     statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

     In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
     continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
     basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic
     alternative but to do so.

     Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.




63   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                            INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
                                                                                                           (CONTINUED)




TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF
CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED - continued
康哲藥業控股有限公司
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We
do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable
assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will
always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered
material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of
users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional
skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

•   Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
    fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is
    sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement
    resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional
    omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

•   Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
    appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
    Group’s internal control.

•   Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
    related disclosures made by the directors.

•   Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on
    the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast
    significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty
    exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated
    financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based
    on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may
    cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.




                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          64
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF
     CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED - continued
     康哲藥業控股有限公司
     (incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


     Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements - continued

     •   Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
         disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events
         in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

     •   Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities
         within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the
         direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

     We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing
     of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during
     our audit.

     We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
     requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may
     reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or
     safeguards applied.

     From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most
     significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit
     matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about
     the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our
     report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest
     benefits of such communication.

     The engagement partner on the audit resulting in the independent auditor’s report is Sy, Sunnie.




     Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
     Certified Public Accountants
     Hong Kong
     16 March 2023




65   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
            CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR
          LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022



                                                           NOTES               2022              2021
                                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000

Revenue                                                      5             9,150,347        8,337,221
Cost of goods sold                                                        (2,114,500)       (2,090,283)

Gross profit                                                               7,035,847        6,246,938
Other income                                                 6              198,578           146,947
Other gains and losses                                       7                (4,195)         111,525
Selling expenses                                                          (2,721,312)       (2,540,147)
Administrative expenses                                                     (636,612)        (440,995)
Finance costs                                                8               (49,086)          (28,270)
Research and development expenses                                           (125,431)        (114,761)
Share of results of associates                                                65,061           75,352

Profit before tax                                                          3,762,850        3,456,589
Income tax expense                                          11              (486,655)        (431,325)

Profit for the year                                         12             3,276,195        3,025,264

Other comprehensive (expenses) income
Item that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
Fair value loss on investments in equity instruments at
  fair value through other comprehensive income                             (196,197)          (25,315)
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to
  profit or loss:
Share of other comprehensive income (expense)
  of associates                                                               35,357           (10,541)
Exchange differences arising on translation of
  foreign operations                                                          16,092              991
Exchange differences arising on translation of
  Interest in associate                                                       18,315                 -
Change in fair value on cash flow hedges
  - fair value gain                                                           10,861            3,929
  - deferred tax relating to change in fair value                               (892)            (731)

Other comprehensive expense
 for the year, net of income tax                                            (116,464)          (31,667)

Total comprehensive income for the year                                    3,159,731        2,993,597

Profit for the year attributable to:
 Owners of the Company                                                     3,258,992        3,017,402
 Non-controlling interests                                                    17,203            7,862

                                                                           3,276,195        3,025,264


Total comprehensive income for the year attributable to:
 Owners of the Company                                                     3,142,528        2,985,735
 Non-controlling interests                                                    17,203            7,862

                                                                           3,159,731        2,993,597

                                                                               RMB               RMB
Earnings per share                                          14
 Basic                                                                        1.3281           1.2228

                                                                 CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED    66
                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
     FINANCIAL POSITION
     AT 31 DECEMBER 2022



                                                              NOTES       2022         2021
                                                                       RMB’000      RMB’000
     Non-current assets
      Property, plant and equipment                            15        425,480      453,154
      Right-of-use assets                                      16         69,979       76,713
      Interests in associates                                  17      3,044,818    2,687,286
      Intangible assets                                        18      2,066,423    2,215,697
      Goodwill                                                 19      1,665,993    1,691,179
      Equity instruments at fair value through
        other comprehensive income                            20(b)      297,048     400,471
      Deposits paid for acquisition of intangible assets       23      1,285,415     790,483
      Amount due from an associate                             24         30,000      30,000
      Loan receivable                                                          -      31,879
      Deposit paid for acquisition of a subsidiary                             -      15,000
      Deferred tax assets                                      31         39,007      36,299
                                                                       8,924,163    8,428,161
     Current assets
      Inventories                                              21        477,206      472,598
      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss   20(a)    1,491,336      977,874
      Trade and other receivables and prepayments              22      2,043,944    2,204,002
      Loan receivable                                                     70,168            -
      Tax recoverable                                                        253       19,469
      Derivative financial instruments                         32         42,021            -
      Amount due from an associate                             24        328,072      320,036
      Bank balances and cash                                   25      4,376,376    3,385,739
                                                                       8,829,376    7,379,718
     Current liabilities
      Trade and other payables                                 26        563,194      629,547
      Lease liabilities                                        27         15,804       16,922
      Contract liabilities                                     28         21,614       23,715
      Bank borrowings                                          29      1,783,337    1,103,760
      Derivative financial instrument                          32            562            -
      Deferred consideration payables                          30          1,000        2,000
      Tax liabilities                                                    327,819      305,310
      Obligation arising from put options                     42(a)      163,773            -
                                                                       2,877,103    2,081,254
     Net current assets                                                5,952,273    5,298,464
     Total assets less current liabilities                            14,876,436   13,726,625




67   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                                 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                            AT 31 DECEMBER 2022




                                                               NOTES                2022                2021
                                                                                 RMB’000             RMB’000
Capital and reserves
 Share capital                                                   33                83,991              84,177
 Reserves                                                        34            14,505,076          12,668,267
Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                   14,589,067          12,752,444
Non-controlling interests                                                         148,010              94,543
                                                                               14,737,077          12,846,987


Non-current liabilities
 Deferred tax liabilities                                        31               124,959             123,575
 Lease liabilities                                               27                13,491              17,810
 Deferred consideration payables                                 30                   909                 736
 Bank borrowings                                                 29                     -             573,813
 Derivative financial instruments                                32                     -              11,291
 Obligation arising from put options                            42(a)                   -             152,413
                                                                                  139,359             879,638
                                                                               14,876,436          13,726,625


The consolidated financial statements on pages 66 to 188 were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of
Directors on 16 March 2023 and are signed on its behalf by:




                    ______________________________        ______________________________
                              LAM Kong                             CHEN Yanling
                              DIRECTOR                              DIRECTOR




                                                                        CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED     68
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
     CHANGES IN EQUITY
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022


                                                                                                          Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                                                                           Share-                                                            Attributable
                                                                                                    Surplus                   Investments based                                                                to non-
                                                                Share       Share         Capital reserve Translation Hedging revaluation payments Other Accumulated Dividend                                controlling
                                                                capital    premium        reserve    fund    reserve reserve reserve reserve reserve        profits  reserve                 Sub-total        interests       Total
                                                               RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000                             RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                                         (Note 34) (Note 34)

     Balance at 1 January 2021                                  84,634     2,304,879      19,545 354,768     (16,332)   (4,917)     (41,186)         -         -   7,830,445 502,306        11,034,142          68,573      11,102,715

     Profit for the year                                              -             -          -         -         -          -           -          -         -    3,017,402           -    3,017,402            7,862      3,025,264
     Share of other comprehensive expense of associates               -             -          -         -   (10,541)         -           -          -         -            -           -       (10,541)              -         (10,541)
     Exchange differences arising from translation of
      foreign operations                                              -             -          -         -      991           -           -          -         -             -          -          991                 -           991
     Fair value loss on equity instruments at fair value
      through other comprehensive income                              -             -          -         -         -          -     (25,315)         -         -             -          -       (25,315)               -        (25,315)
     Change in fair value on cash flow hedges
      - fair value gain                                               -             -          -         -         -     3,929            -          -         -             -          -        3,929                 -         3,929
      - deferred tax relating to change in fair value                 -             -          -         -         -      (731)           -          -         -             -          -          (731)               -           (731)

     Total comprehensive (expense) income for the year                -             -          -         -    (9,550)    3,198      (25,315)         -         -    3,017,402           -    2,985,735           7,862       2,993,597
     Repurchase of ordinary shares (Note 33)                       (457)     (151,062)         -         -         -         -            -          -         -            -           -      (151,519)             -         (151,519)
     Acquisition of a subsidiary (Note 42(a))                         -             -          -         -         -         -            -          -    57,264            -           -        57,264        106,500         163,764
     Acquisition of a subsidiary (Note 42(b))                         -             -          -         -         -         -            -          -         -            -           -             -         18,108           18,108
     Transfer of Employment Share to an employee
      (as defined and detailed in Note 42(a))                         -             -          -         -         -          -           -    (54,588)   19,088             -          -       (35,500)        35,500               -
     Recognition of equity-settled share-based payments               -             -          -         -         -          -           -    17,156          -             -          -       17,156               -          17,156
     Recognition of obligation arising from put options
      (Note 42(a))                                                    -             -          -         -         -         -            -          -         -            -         -               -        (142,000)       (142,000)
     Dividends paid (Note 13)                                         -             -          -         -         -         -            -          -         -     (652,528) (502,306)     (1,154,834)              -      (1,154,834)
     Dividends proposed (Note 13)                                     -             -          -         -         -         -            -          -         -     (557,594) 557,594                -               -               -
     Transfer of reserves                                             -             -          -     7,383         -         -            -          -         -        (7,383)         -                -             -               -

     Balance at 31 December 2021                                84,177     2,153,817      19,545   362,151   (25,882)    (1,719)    (66,501)   (37,432)   76,352    9,630,342     557,594   12,752,444          94,543      12,846,987
     Profit for the year                                             -             -           -         -         -          -           -          -         -    3,258,992           -    3,258,992          17,203       3,276,195
     Share of other comprehensive income of associates               -             -           -         -   35,357           -           -          -         -            -           -       35,357               -          35,357
     Exchange differences arising on translation of
      foreign operations                                              -             -          -         -   16,092           -           -          -         -             -          -       16,092                 -        16,092
     Exchange differences arising on translation of
      interest in associate                                           -             -          -         -   18,315           -           -          -         -             -          -       18,315                 -        18,315
     Fair value loss on investments in equity instruments at
      fair value through other comprehensive income                   -             -          -         -         -          -    (196,197)         -         -             -          -      (196,197)               -       (196,197)
     Change in fair value on cash flow hedges
      - fair value gain                                               -             -          -         -         -    10,861            -          -         -             -          -       10,861                 -        10,861
      - deferred tax relating to change in fair value                 -             -          -         -         -      (892)           -          -         -             -          -          (892)               -           (892)

     Total comprehensive income (expense) for the year                -             -          -         -   69,764      9,969     (196,197)         -         -    3,258,992           -    3,142,528          17,203       3,159,731
     Repurchase of ordinary shares (Note 33)                       (186)      (48,196)         -         -        -          -            -          -         -            -           -       (48,382)             -          (48,382)
     Acquisition of a subsidiary (Note 42(b))                         -             -          -         -        -          -            -          -         -            -           -             -          3,174            3,174
     Non-controlling interests arising from incorporation of
      a subsidiary                                                    -             -          -         -         -          -           -         -          -            -         -               -         33,090           33,090
     Recognition of equity-settled share-based payments               -             -          -         -         -          -           -    18,716          -            -         -          18,716              -           18,716
     Dividends paid (Note 13)                                         -             -          -         -         -          -           -         -          -     (718,645) (557,594)     (1,276,239)             -       (1,276,239)
     Dividends proposed (Note 13)                                     -             -          -         -         -          -           -         -          -     (591,910) 591,910                -              -                -
     Disposal of investments in equity instruments at fair
      value through other comprehensive income                        -             -          -         -         -         -      20,675           -         -       (20,675)         -                -             -               -
     Transfer of reserves                                             -             -          -    32,734         -         -           -           -         -       (32,734)         -                -             -               -

     Balance at 31 December 2022                                83,991     2,105,621      19,545   394,885   43,882     8,250      (242,023)   (18,716)   76,352   11,525,370     591,910   14,589,067         148,010      14,737,077




69   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                           CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                                                         CASH FLOWS
                                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022



                                                            NOTES               2022              2021
                                                                             RMB’000           RMB’000
OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Profit before tax                                                           3,762,850         3,456,589
Adjustments for:
 Amortisation of intangible assets                           18               165,769           164,196
 Impairment loss on goodwill                                                   60,000            20,000
 Impairment loss on financial assets
   under expected credit loss model, net of reversal                              110              1,305
 Impairment loss on deposit paid for acquisition
    of intangible assets                                                        2,003                 -
 Interest expenses                                                             37,553            17,608
 Depreciation of property, plant and equipment               15                43,310            41,853
 Depreciation of right-of-use assets                         16                18,147            13,771
 Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                403               225
 Release on deferred difference on initial
   recognition of financial instruments                                               -           (1,929)
 Imputed interest expense on deferred
   consideration payables                                                         173                249
 Imputed interest expense on obligation
   rising from put options                                                      11,360            10,413
 Share of results of associates                                                (65,061)          (75,352)
 Interest income                                                             (105,515)           (81,853)
 Net foreign exchange loss                                                    155,744              8,014
 Change in fair value of derivative financial instruments                      (41,889)           10,063
 Change in fair value of financial assets at fair
   value through profit or loss                                              (150,009)          (115,656)
 Recognition of share-based payments                                           18,716             17,156
Operating cash flows before movements in
  working capital                                                           3,913,664         3,486,652
Decrease (increase) in inventories                                              8,156            (90,865)
Decrease (increase) in trade and other receivables
  and prepayments                                                             163,914           (367,886)
Increase in amount due from an associate                                         (8,036)        (112,765)
Decrease in trade and other payables                                           (71,858)           (33,867)
Decrease (increase) in contract liabilities                                      (2,101)            9,309
Cash generated from operations                                              4,003,739         2,890,578
People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”) Enterprise
 Income Tax paid                                                             (284,566)          (268,482)
Hong Kong Profits Tax paid                                                       (122)             (2,340)
Macau Complementary Income Tax paid                                          (165,808)          (125,904)
NET CASH FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES                                          3,553,243         2,493,852




                                                                    CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED    70
                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
     (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




                                                          NOTE       2022            2021
                                                                  RMB’000         RMB’000
     INVESTING ACTIVITIES
     Interest received                                             103,152           81,853
     Dividends received from an associate                            31,305          47,235
     Purchase of property, plant and equipment                      (18,336)        (23,347)
     Proceeds from disposal of property, plant
       and equipment                                                  2,323           2,998
     Disposal of financial assets at fair value
       through profit or loss                                           185                 -
     Disposal of equity instruments at fair value
       through other comprehensive income                             2,841                 -
     Purchase of financial assets at fair value
       through profit or loss                                      (363,638)       (858,334)
     Purchase of equity instruments at fair value
       through other comprehensive income                            (95,615)        (10,201)
     Payments for rental deposits                                       (184)          (2,451)
     Deposits paid for acquisition of intangible assets            (506,585)       (161,494)
     Acquisition of an associate                                   (233,713)         (30,000)
     Capital injection to an associate                               (36,117)               -
     Deposit paid for acquisition of a subsidiary                          -         (15,000)
     Loan to third parties                                           (34,823)        (31,879)
     Net cash outflow on acquisition of subsidiaries                 (28,997)      (518,905)
     NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES                       (1,178,202)     (1,519,525)
     FINANCING ACTIVITIES
     New bank borrowings raised                                   1,375,013       1,077,375
     Repayment for deferred consideration payable                      (1,000)              -
     Interest paid                                                   (37,553)        (17,608)
     Dividends paid                                        13    (1,276,239)     (1,154,834)
     Repayment of bank borrowings                                (1,427,993)              (10)
     Repayments of lease liabilities                                 (16,850)        (11,796)
     Payment on repurchase of shares                                 (48,382)      (151,519)
     Capital contribution from non-controlling interest               33,090                -
     NET CASH USED IN FINANCING ACTIVITIES                       (1,399,914)       (258,392)
     NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH
      EQUIVALENTS                                                  975,127         715,935

     CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENT AT THE
      BEGINNING OF YEAR                                          3,385,739       2,668,426
     Effects of exchange rate changes on the balance
      of cash held in foreign currencies                             15,510           1,378
     CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENT AT THE END
      OF YEAR REPRESENTED BY BANK
      BALANCES AND CASH                                          4,376,376       3,385,739




71   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
                                    STATEMENTS
                                                                      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022



1.   GENERAL INFORMATION
     China Medical System Holdings Limited (the “Company”) was incorporated as an exempted company with
     limited liability in the Cayman Islands on 18 December 2006. On 26 June 2007, the Company was listed on
     the Alternative Investment Market (“AIM”) operated by the London Stock Exchange plc. The Company was
     listed on the Main Board operated by The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited on 28 September 2010 and
     it was delisted from the AIM on the same date. The Company’s ultimate holding company and immediate
     holding company is Treasure Sea Limited, a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands. The address of
     the Company’s registered office is P.O. Box 309, Ugland House, Grand Cayman, KY1-1104, Cayman Islands.
     The address of its principal place of business is Unit 2106, 21/F, Island Place Tower, 510 King’s Road, North
     Point, Hong Kong.

     The Company is an investment holding company. The principal activities of its subsidiaries are production of
     medicines, marketing, promotion and sale of drugs.

     The consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), which is also the functional currency
     of the Company and majority of its subsidiaries.


2.   APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL
     REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”)
     Amendments to IFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year

     In the current year, the Group has applied the following amendments to IFRSs for the first time, which are
     mandatorily effective for the annual periods beginning on 1 January 2022 for the preparation of the consolidated
     financial statements:


     Amendments to IFRS 3                                    Reference to the Conceptual Framework
     Amendments to IFRS 16                                   Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions beyond
                                                              30 June 2021
     Amendments to IAS 16                                    Property, Plant and Equipment - Proceeds before
                                                              Intended Use
     Amendments to IAS 37                                    Onerous Contracts - Cost of Fulfilling a Contract
     Amendments to IFRSs                                     Annual Improvements to IFRSs 2018 - 2020


     Except as described below, the application of the amendments to IFRSs in the current year has had no material
     impact on the Group’s financial positions and performance for the current and prior years and/or on the
     disclosures set out in these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                          CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         72
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2022
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




     2.    APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL
           REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”) - continued
           Impacts on application of Amendments to IFRS 3 Reference to the Conceptual
           Framework
           The Group has applied the amendments to business combinations for which the acquisition date was on or
           after 1 January 2022. The amendments update a reference in IFRS 3 Business Combinations so that it refers
           to the Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting issued by International Accounting Standards Board in
           March 2018 (the “Conceptual Framework”) instead of the International Accounting Standards Committee’s
           Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements (replaced by the Conceptual
           Framework for Financial Reporting issued in September 2010), add a requirement that, for transactions
           and events within the scope of IAS 37 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets or IFRIC 21
           Levies, an acquirer applies IAS 37 or IFRIC 21 instead of the Conceptual Framework to identify the liabilities
           it has assumed in a business combination and add an explicit statement that an acquirer does not recognise
           contingent assets acquired in a business combination.

           The application of the amendments in the current year has had no impact on the Group’s consolidated financial
           statements.

           Impacts on application of Amendments to IFRSs Annual Improvements to IFRSs 2018-2020

           The Group has applied the amendments for the first time in the current year. The annual improvements make
           amendments to the following standards:

           IFRS 9 Financial Instruments

           The amendment clarifies that for the purpose of assessing whether modification of terms of original financial
           liability constitutes substantial modification under the “10 per cent” test, a borrower includes only fees paid or
           received between the borrower and the lender, including fees paid or received by either the borrower or the
           lender on the other’s behalf.

           In accordance with the transitional provisions, the Group applies the amendment to financial liabilities that are
           modified or exchanged as at the date of initial application, 1 January 2022.

           IFRS 16 Leases

           The amendment to Illustrative Example 13 accompanying IFRS 16 removes from the example the illustration of
           reimbursement relating to leasehold improvements by the lessor in order to remove any potential confusion.

           IAS 41 Agriculture

           The amendment ensures consistency with the requirements in IFRS 13 Fair Value Measurement by removing
           the requirement in paragraph 22 of IAS 41 to exclude taxation cash flows when measuring the fair value of a
           biological asset using a present value technique.

           The application of the amendments in the current year has had no impact on the Group’s consolidated financial
           statements.

73   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                  (CONTINUED)
                                                                                      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




2.   APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL
     REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”) - continued
     New and amendments to IFRSs in issue but not yet effective
     The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to IFRS Standards that have been issued
     but are not yet effective:

         IFRS 17                                       Insurance Contracts1
         Amendments to IFRS 10                         Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor
           and IAS 28                                    and its Associate or Joint Venture2
         Amendments to IFRS 16                         Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback3
         Amendments to IAS 1                           Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current3
         Amendments to IAS 1                           Non-current Liabilities with Covenants3
         Amendments to IAS 1 and                       Disclosure of Accounting Policies1
           IFRS Practice Statement 2
         Amendments to IAS 8                           Definition of Accounting Estimates1
         Amendments to IAS 12                          Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities
                                                        arising from a Single Transaction1

     1
       Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023
     2
       Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined
     3
       Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024


     Except for the new and amendments to IFRSs mentioned below, the directors of the Company anticipate that
     the application of all other new and amendments to IFRSs will have no material impact on the consolidated
     financial statements in the foreseeable future.


     Amendments to IAS 1 Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and and
     Amendments to IAS 1 Non-current Liabilities with Covenants(the “2022 Amendments”)

     The 2020 Amendments provide clarification and additional guidance on the assessment of right to defer
     settlement for at least twelve months from reporting date for classification of liabilities as current or non-current,
     which:

     •         clarify that if a liability has terms that could, at the option of the counterparty, result in its settlement
               by the transfer of the entity’s own equity instruments, these terms do not affect its classification as
               current or non-current only if the entity recognises the option separately as an equity instrument
               applying IAS 32 Financial Instruments: Presentation .

     •         specify that the classification of liabilities as current or non-current should be based on rights that are
               in existence at the end of the reporting period. Specifically, the amendments clarify that the
               classification should not be affected by management intentions or expectations to settle the liability
               within 12 months.




                                                                                    CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED       74
                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




     2.    APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL
           REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”) - continued
           Amendments to IAS 1 Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and and Amendments to
           IAS 1 Non-current Liabilities with Covenants(the “2022 Amendments”) - continued

           For rights to defer settlement for at least twelve months from reporting date which are conditional on the
           compliance with covenants, the requirements introduced by the 2020 Amendments have been modified by
           the 2022 Amendments. The 2022 Amendments specify that only covenants with which an entity is required to
           comply with on or before the end of the reporting period affect the entity’s right to defer settlement of a liability
           for at least twelve months after the reporting date. Covenants which are required to comply with only after the
           reporting period do not affect whether that right exists at the end of the reporting period.

           In addition, the 2022 Amendments specify the disclosure requirements about information that enables users
           of financial statements to understand the risk that the liabilities could become repayable within twelve
           months after the reporting period, if the entity classify liabilities arising from loan arrangements as non-current
           when the entity’s right to defer settlement of those liabilities is subject to the entity complying with covenants
           within twelve months after the reporting period.

           The 2022 Amendments also defer the effective date of applying the 2020 Amendments to annual reporting
           periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024. The 2022 Amendments, together with the 2020 Amendments,
           are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024, with early application permitted.
           If an entity applies the 2020 amendments for an earlier period after the issue of the 2022 Amendments, the
           entity should also apply the 2022 Amendments for that period.

           Based on the Group’s outstanding liabilities as at 31 December 2022, the application of the 2020 and 2022
           Amendments will not result in reclassification of the Group’s liabilities.

           Amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS Practice Statement 2 Disclosure of Accounting Policies

           IAS 1 is amended to replace all instances of the term “significant accounting policies” with “material accounting
           policy information”. Accounting policy information is material if, when considered together with other
           information included in an entity’s financial statements, it can reasonably be expected to influence decisions
           that the primary users of general purpose financial statements make on the basis of those financial statements.

           The amendments also clarify that accounting policy information may be material because of the nature of
           the related transactions, other events or conditions, even if the amounts are immaterial. However, not all
           accounting policy information relating to material transactions, other events or conditions is itself material. If an
           entity chooses to disclose immaterial accounting policy information, such information must not obscure material
           accounting policy information.

           IFRS Practice Statement 2 Making Materiality Judgements (the “Practice Statement”) is also amended to
           illustrate how an entity applies the “four-step materiality process” to accounting policy disclosures and to judge
           whether information about an accounting policy is material to its financial statements. Guidance and examples
           are added to the Practice Statement.


75   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                          (CONTINUED)
                                                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




2.   APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL
     REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”) - continued
     Amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS Practice Statement 2 Disclosure of Accounting Policies - continued

     The application of the amendments is not expected to have significant impact on the financial position or
     performance of the Group but may affect the disclosures of the Group’s significant accounting policies. The
     impacts of application, if any, will be disclosed in the Group’s future consolidated financial statements.

     Amendments to IAS 8 Definition of Accounting Estimates

     The amendments define accounting estimates as “monetary amounts in financial statements that are subject
     to measurement uncertainty”. An accounting policy may require items in financial statements to be measured
     in a way that involves measurement uncertainty - that is, the accounting policy may require such items to be
     measured at monetary amounts that cannot be observed directly and must instead be estimated. In such
     a case, an entity develops an accounting estimate to achieve the objective set out by the accounting policy.
     Developing accounting estimates involves the use of judgements or assumptions based on the latest available,
     reliable information.

     In addition, the concept of changes in accounting estimates in IAS 8 is retained with additional clarifications.

     The application of the amendments is not expected to have significant impact on the Group’s consolidated
     financial statements.

     Amendments to IAS 12 Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a
     Single Transaction

     The amendments narrow the scope of the recognition exemption of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax
     assets in paragraphs 15 and 24 of IAS 12 Income Taxes so that it no longer applies to transactions that, on
     initial recognition, give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences.

     As disclosed in note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, for leasing transactions in which the
     tax deductions are attributable to the lease liabilities (please see Note below), the Group applies IAS 12
     requirements to the relevant assets and liabilities separately. Temporary differences on initial recognition of the
     relevant assets and liabilities are not recognised due to application of the initial recognition exemption.

     Upon the application of the amendments, the Group will recognise a deferred tax asset (to the extent that it is
     probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary difference can be utilised)
     and a deferred tax liability for all deductible and taxable temporary differences associated with the right-of-use
     assets and the lease liabilities.

     The amendments are effective for the Group’s annual reporting periods beginning on 1 January 2023. As at
     31 December 2022, the carrying amounts of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities which are subject to the
     amendments amounted to RMB27,888,000 and RMB29,295,000 respectively. The Group is still in the process
     of assessing the full impact of the application of the amendments.


                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         76
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2022
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




     3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
           STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
           3.1      Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements

                     The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRSs. For the
                     purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial statements, information is considered material if
                     such information is reasonably expected to influence decisions made by primary users. In addition,
                     the consolidated financial statements include applicable disclosures required by the Rules Governing
                     the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“Listing Rules”) and by the
                     Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

                     The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for
                     certain financial instruments that are measured at fair values at the end of each reporting period, as
                     explained in the accounting policies set out below.

                     Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for goods
                     and services.

                     Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an
                     orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether
                     that price is directly observable or estimated using another valuation technique. In estimating the
                     fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group takes into account the characteristics of the asset or
                     liability if market participants would take those characteristics into account when pricing the asset or
                     liability at the measurement date. Fair value for measurement and/or disclosure purposes in these
                     consolidated financial statements is determined on such a basis, except for share-based payment
                     transactions that are within the scope of IFRS 2 Share-based Payment , leasing transactions that
                     are accounted for in accordance with IFRS 16 and measurements that have some similarities to fair
                     value but are not fair value, such as net realisable value in IAS 2 Inventories or value in use in IAS 36
                     Impairment of Assets.

                     For financial instruments which are transacted at fair value and a valuation technique that
                     unobservable inputs is to be used to measure fair value in subsequent periods, the valuation
                     technique is calibrated so that at initial recognition the results of the valuation technique equals the
                     transaction price.

                     In addition, for financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are categorised into Level 1,
                     2 or 3 based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable and
                     the significance of the inputs to the fair value measurement in its entirety, which are described as
                     follows:

                     •   Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
                         that the entity can access at the measurement date;
                     •   Level 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are observable
                         for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly; and
                     •   Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.




77   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   (CONTINUED)
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
     3.2   Significant accounting policies

           Basis of consolidation

           The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and
           entities controlled by the Company and its subsidiaries. Control is achieved when the Company:

           •   has power over the investee;
           •   is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and
           •   has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.

           The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that
           there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.

           Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases
           when the Group loses control of the subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses of a subsidiary
           acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss
           and other comprehensive income from the date the Group gains control until the date when the
           Group ceases to control the subsidiary.

           Profit or loss and each item of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the
           Company and to the non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income of subsidiaries is
           attributed to the owners of the Company and to the non-controlling interests even if this results in
           the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance.

           When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their
           accounting policies in line with the Group’s accounting policies.

           All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions
           between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

           Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are presented separately from the Group’s equity therein,
           which represent present ownership interests entitling their holders to a proportionate share of net
           assets of the relevant subsidiaries upon liquidation.

           Business combinations

           A business is an integrated set of activities and assets which includes an input and a substantive
           process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs. The acquired
           processes are considered substantive if they are critical to the ability to continue producing outputs,
           including an organised workforce with the necessary skills, knowledge, or experience to perform the
           related processes or they significantly contribute to the ability to continue producing outputs and are
           considered unique or scarce or cannot be replaced without significant cost, effort, or delay in the
           ability to continue producing outputs.




                                                                      CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          78
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2022
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




     3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
           STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
           3.2      Significant accounting policies - continued
                     Business combinations - continued

                     Acquisitions of businesses are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration
                     transferred in a business combination is measured at fair value, which is calculated as the sum
                     of the acquisition-date fair values of the assets transferred by the Group, liabilities incurred by
                     the Group to the former owners of the acquiree and the equity interests issued by the Group in
                     exchange for control of the acquiree. Acquisition-related costs are generally recognised in profit or
                     loss as incurred.
                     For business combinations in which the acquisition date is on or after 1 January 2022, the
                     identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed must meet the definitions of an asset and a
                     liability in the Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting issued by International Accounting
                     Standards Board in March 2018 (the “Conceptual Framework”) except for transactions and events
                     within the scope of IAS 37 or IFRIC 21, in which the Group applies IAS 37 or IFRIC 21 instead
                     of the Conceptual Framework to identify the liabilities it has assumed in a business combination.
                     Contingent assets are not recognised.
                     At the acquisition date, the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed are recognised at
                     their fair value, except that:

                     •   deferred tax assets or liabilities, and assets or liabilities related to employee benefit
                         arrangements are recognised and measured in accordance with IAS 12 Income Taxes and IAS
                         19 Employee Benefits respectively;
                     •   liabilities or equity instruments related to share-based payment arrangements of the acquiree or
                         share-based payment arrangements of the Group entered into to replace share-based payment
                         arrangements of the acquiree are measured in accordance with IFRS 2 at the acquisition date
                         (see the accounting policy below);
                     •   assets (or disposal groups) that are classified as held for sale in accordance with IFRS 5 Non-
                         current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations are measured in accordance with
                         that standard; and
                     •   lease liabilities are recognised and measured at the present value of the remaining lease
                         payments (as defined in IFRS 16) as if the acquired leases were new leases at the acquisition
                         date. Right-of-use assets are recognised and measured at the same amount as the relevant
                         lease liabilities, adjusted to reflect favourable or unfavourable terms of the lease when compared
                         with market terms.

                     Goodwill
                     Goodwill is measured as the excess of the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any
                     non-controlling interests in the acquiree, and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held equity
                     interest in the acquiree (if any) over the net amount of the identifiable assets acquired and the
                     liabilities assumed as at acquisition date. If, after re-assessment, the net amount of the identifiable
                     assets acquired and liabilities assumed exceeds the sum of the consideration transferred, the
                     amount of any non-controlling interests in the acquiree and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously
                     held interest in the acquiree (if any), the excess is recognised immediately in profit or loss as a
                     bargain purchase gain.


79   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   (CONTINUED)
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
     3.2   Significant accounting policies - continued

           Goodwill - continued

           Non-controlling interests that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a
           proportionate share of the relevant subsidiary’s net assets in the event of liquidation are initially
           measured at the non-controlling interests’ proportionate share of the recognised amounts of the
           acquiree’s identifiable net assets or at fair value.

           Goodwill arising on an acquisition of a business is carried at cost as established at the date of
           acquisition of the business less accumulated impairment losses, if any.

           For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group’s cash-
           generating units (or group of cash-generating units) that is expected to benefit from the synergies
           of the combination, which represent the lowest level at which the goodwill is monitored for internal
           management purposes and not larger than an operating segment.

           A cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) to which goodwill has been allocated
           is tested for impairment annually or more frequently when there is indication that the unit may be
           impaired. For goodwill arising on an acquisition in a reporting period, the cash-generating unit (or
           group of cash-generating units) to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment before
           the end of that reporting period. If the recoverable amount is less than its carrying amount, the
           impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill and then to the other
           assets on a pro rata basis based on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit (or group of cash-
           generating units).

           On disposal of the relevant cash-generating unit or any of the cash-generating unit within the group
           of cash-generating units, the attributable amount of goodwill is included in the determination of the
           amount of profit or loss on disposal. When the Group disposes of an operation within the cash-
           generating unit (or a cash-generating unit within a group of cash-generating units), the amount of
           goodwill disposed of is measured on the basis of the relative values of the operation (or the cash-
           generating unit) disposed of and the portion of the cash-generating unit (or the group of cash-
           generating units) retained.

           The Group’s policy for goodwill arising on the acquisition of an associate is described below.

           Interests in associates

           An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence. Significant influence is the
           power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but is not control
           or joint control over those policies.




                                                                      CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          80
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2022
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




     3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
           STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
           3.2      Significant accounting policies - continued

                     Interests in associates- continued

                     The results and assets and liabilities of associates are incorporated in these consolidated financial
                     statements using the equity method of accounting. The financial statements of associates used for
                     equity accounting purposes are prepared using uniform accounting policies as those of the Group
                     for like transactions and events in similar circumstances. Under the equity method, an investment
                     in an associate is initially recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost and
                     adjusted thereafter to recognise the Group’s share of the profit or loss and other comprehensive
                     income of the associate. Changes in net assets of the associate other than profit or loss and
                     other comprehensive income are not accounted for unless such changes resulted in changes in
                     ownership interest held by the Group. When the Group’s share of losses of an associate exceeds
                     the Group’s interest in that associate (which includes any long-term interests that, in substance, form
                     part of the Group’s net investment in the associate), the Group discontinues recognising its share of
                     further losses. Additional losses are recognised only to the extent that the Group has incurred legal
                     or constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the associate.

                     An interest in an associate is accounted for using the equity method from the date on which the
                     investee becomes an associate. On acquisition of the interest in an associate, any excess of the
                     cost of the investment over the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and
                     liabilities of the investee is recognised as goodwill, which is included within the carrying amount of
                     the investment. Any excess of the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and
                     liabilities over the cost of the investment, after reassessment, is recognised immediately in profit or
                     loss in the period in which the investment is acquired.

                     The Group assesses whether there is an objective evidence that the interest in an associate may
                     be impaired. When any objective evidence exists, the entire carrying amount of the investment
                     (including goodwill) is tested for impairment in accordance with IAS 36 as a single asset by
                     comparing its recoverable amount (higher of value in use and fair value less costs of disposal)
                     with its carrying amount. Any impairment loss recognised is not allocated to any asset, including
                     goodwill, that forms part of the carrying amount of the investment. Any reversal of that impairment
                     loss is recognised in accordance with IAS 36 to the extent that the recoverable amount of the
                     investment subsequently increases.

                     When a group entity transacts with an associate of the Group, profits and losses resulting from the
                     transactions with the associate are recognised in the Group’s consolidated financial statements only
                     to the extent of interests in the associate that are not related to the Group.

                     Property, plant and equipment

                     Property, plant and equipment including buildings are tangible assets that are held for use in the
                     production or supply of goods or services, or for administrative purposes (other than construction
                     in progress as described below). Property, plant and equipment are stated in the consolidated
                     statement of financial position at cost, less subsequent accumulated depreciation and subsequent
                     accumulated impairment losses, if any.




81   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   (CONTINUED)
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
     3.2   Significant accounting policies - continued

           Property, plant and equipment - continued

           Properties in the course of construction for production, supply or administrative purposes are
           carried at cost, less any recognised impairment loss. Costs include any costs directly attributable
           to bringing the asset to the location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in
           the manner intended by management, including costs of testing whether the related assets is
           functioning properly. Sale proceeds of items that are produced while bringing an item of property,
           plant and equipment to the location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the
           manner intended by management (such as samples produced when testing whether the asset is
           functioning properly), and the related costs of producing those items are recognised in the profit or
           loss. The cost of those items are measured in accordance with the measurement requirements of
           IAS 2. Depreciation of these assets, on the same basis as other property assets, commences when
           the assets are ready for their intended use.

           When the Group makes payments for ownership interests of properties which includes both
           leasehold land and building elements, the entire consideration is allocated between the leasehold
           land and the building elements in proportion to the relative fair values at initial recognition. To the
           extent the allocation of the relevant payments can be made reliably, interest in leasehold land is
           presented as “right-of-use assets” in the consolidated statement of financial position. When the
           consideration cannot be allocated reliably between non-lease building element and undivided
           interest in the underlying leasehold land, the entire properties are classified as property, plant and
           equipment.
           `
           Depreciation is recognised so as to write off the cost of assets (other than construction in progress)
           less their residual values over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line method. The
           estimated useful lives, residual values and depreciation method are reviewed at the end of each
           reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.

           An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future
           economic benefits are expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss
           arising on the disposal or retirement of an item of property, plant and equipment is determined as
           the difference between the sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and is recognised
           in profit or loss.

           Intangible assets

           Intangible assets acquired separately

           Intangible assets with finite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at costs less
           accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses. Amortisation for intangible assets
           with finite useful lives is recognised on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. The
           estimated useful life and amortisation method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with
           the effect of any changes in estimate being accounted for on a prospective basis.




                                                                      CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          82
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2022
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




     3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
           STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
           3.2      Significant accounting policies - continued

                     Intangible assets - continued

                     Internally-generated intangible assets -research and development expenditure

                     Expenditure on research activities is recognised as an expense in the period in which it is incurred.

                     An internally-generated intangible asset arising from development activities (or from the development
                     phase of an internal project) is recognised if, and only if, all of the following have been demonstrated:

                     •   the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or
                         sale;
                     •   the intention to complete the intangible asset and use or sell it;
                     •   the ability to use or sell the intangible asset;
                     •   how the intangible asset will generate probable future economic benefits;
                     •   the availability of adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development
                         and to use or sell the intangible asset; and
                     •   the ability to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during its
                         development.

                     The amount initially recognised for internally-generated intangible asset is the sum of the expenditure
                     incurred from the date when the intangible asset first meets the recognition criteria listed above.
                     Where no internally-generated intangible asset can be recognised, development expenditure is
                     recognised in profit or loss in the period in which it is incurred.

                     Subsequent to initial recognition, internally-generated intangible assets are reported at cost less
                     accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses (if any), on the same basis as
                     intangible assets that are acquired separately.

                     Intangible assets acquired in a business combination

                     Intangible assets acquired in a business combination and recognised separately from goodwill and
                     are initially recognised at their fair value at the acquisition date (which is regarded as their cost).

                     Subsequent to initial recognition, intangible assets acquired in a business combination with finite
                     useful lives are reported at costs less accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment
                     losses, on the same basis as intangible assets that are acquired separately.

                     An intangible asset is derecognised on disposal, or when no future economic benefits are expected
                     from use or disposal. Gains and losses arising from derecognition of an intangible asset, measured
                     as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset, are
                     recognised in profit or loss when the asset is derecognised.




83   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   (CONTINUED)
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
     3.2   Significant accounting policies - continued

           Impairment on property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets, deposits paid for acquisition of
           intangible assets and intangible assets other than goodwill

           At the end of each reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its property, plant
           and equipment, right-of-use assets, deposits paid for acquisition of intangible assets and intangible
           assets with finite useful lives to determine whether there is any indication that these assets have
           suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the relevant
           asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss (if any).

           The recoverable amount of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets, deposits paid for
           acquisition of intangible assets and intangible assets are estimated individually. When it is not
           possible to estimate the recoverable amount individually, the Group estimates the recoverable
           amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.

           In testing a cash-generating unit for impairment, corporate assets are allocated to the relevant
           cash-generating unit when a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be established, or
           otherwise they are allocated to the smallest group of cash generating units for which a reasonable
           and consistent allocation basis can be established. The recoverable amount is determined for
           the cash-generating unit or group of cash-generating units to which the corporate asset belongs,
           and is compared with the carrying amount of the relevant cash- generating unit or group of cash-
           generating units.

           Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In assessing
           value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax
           discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks
           specific to the asset (or a cash-generating unit) for which the estimates of future cash flows have not
           been adjusted.

           If the recoverable amount of an asset (or a cash-generating unit) is estimated to be less than its
           carrying amount, the carrying amount of the asset (or the cash-generating unit) is reduced to its
           recoverable amount. For corporate assets or portion of corporate assets which cannot be allocated
           on a reasonable and consistent basis to a cash-generating unit, the Group compares the carrying
           amount of a group of cash-generating units, including the carrying amounts of the corporate assets
           or portion of corporate assets allocated to that group of cash-generating units, with the recoverable
           amount of the group of cash-generating units. In allocating the impairment loss, the impairment loss
           is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill (if applicable) and then to the other
           assets on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit or the group of
           cash-generating units. The carrying amount of an asset is not reduced below the highest of its fair
           value less costs of disposal (if measurable), its value in use (if determinable) and zero. The amount
           of the impairment loss that would otherwise have been allocated to the asset is allocated pro rata to
           the other assets of the unit or the group of cash-generating units. An impairment loss is recognised
           immediately in profit or loss.




                                                                      CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          84
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2022
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




     3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
           STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
           3.2      Significant accounting policies - continued

                     Impairment on property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets, deposits paid for acquisition of
                     intangible assets and intangible assets other than goodwill - continued

                     Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or cash-
                     generating unit or a group of cash-generating units) is increased to the revised estimate of its
                     recoverable amount, but so that the increased carrying amount does not exceed the carrying
                     amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset
                     (or a cash-generating unit or a group of cash-generating units) in prior years. A reversal of an
                     impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

                     Cash and cash equivalents

                     Cash and cash equivalents presented on the consolidated statement of financial position include:

                     (a)    cash, which comprises of cash on hand and demand deposits, excluding bank balances
                            that are subject to regulatory restrictions that result in such balances no longer meeting the
                            definition of cash; and

                     (b)    cash equivalents, which comprises of short-term (generally with original maturity of three
                            months or less), highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to a known amount of
                            cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value. Cash equivalents are
                            held for the purpose of meeting short-term cash commitments rather than for investment or
                            other purposes.

                     For the purposes of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents consist of
                     cash and cash equivalents as defined above.

                     Inventories

                     Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Costs of inventories are
                     determined on a weighted average method. Net realisable value represents the estimated selling
                     price for inventories less all estimated costs of completion and costs necessary to make the sale.
                     Costs necessary to make the sale include incremental costs directly attributable to the sale and non-
                     incremental costs which the Group must incur to make the sale.

                     Financial instruments

                     Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when a group entity becomes a party to the
                     contractual provisions of the instruments. All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are
                     recognised and derecognised on a trade date basis. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases
                     or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the time frame established by
                     regulation or convention in the market place.




85   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                        (CONTINUED)
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
     3.2   Significant accounting policies - continued

           Financial instruments - continued

           Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value, except for the trade
           receivables arising from contracts with customers which are initially measured in accordance with
           IFRS 15. Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial
           assets and financial liabilities (other than financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through
           profit or loss (“FVTPL”)) are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or
           financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs directly attributable to the
           acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at FVTPL are recognised immediately in profit or
           loss.

           If the transaction price differs from fair value at initial recognition, the Group will account for such
           difference as follows:

           •   if fair value is evidenced by a quoted price in an active market for an identical asset or liability
               or based on a valuation technique that uses only data from observable markets, then the
               difference is recognised in profit or loss on initial recognition (i.e. day 1 profit or loss);

           •   in all other cases, the fair value will be adjusted to bring it in line with the transaction price (i.e.
               day 1 profit or loss will be deferred by including it as a separate line item on the consolidated
               statement of financial position).

           After initial recognition, the deferred gain or loss will be released to profit or loss on a rational basis,
           only to the extent that it arises from a change in time value of options that market participants would
           take into account when pricing the asset or liability.

           The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or
           financial liability and of allocating interest income and interest expense over the relevant period. The
           effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts and payments
           (including all fees and points paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate,
           transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) through the expected life of the financial asset
           or financial liability, or, where appropriate, a shorter period, to the net carrying amount on initial
           recognition.

           Financial assets

           Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets

           Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:

           •   the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash
               flows; and
           •   the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of
               principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.



                                                                          CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED            86
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2022
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




     3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
           STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
           3.2      Significant accounting policies - continued

                     Financial instruments - continued

                     Financial assets - continued

                     Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets - continued

                     Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at fair value through
                     other comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”):

                     •     the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both selling
                           and collecting contractual cash flows; and
                     •     the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of
                           principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

                     All other financial assets are subsequently measured at FVTPL, except that at initial recognition of
                     a financial asset the Group may irrevocably elect to present subsequent changes in fair value of
                     an equity investment in other comprehensive income if that equity investment is not a contingent
                     consideration recognised by an acquirer in a business combination to which IFRS 3 Business
                     Combinations applies, and except derivative designated in a qualifying hedging relationship.

                     In addition, the Group may irrevocably designate financial assets that are required to be measured at
                     the amortised cost or FVTOCI as measured at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces
                     an accounting mismatch.

                     (i)     Amortised cost and interest income

                             Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method for financial assets
                             measured subsequently at amortised cost and debt instruments/receivables subsequently
                             measured at FVTOCI. Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest
                             rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset, except for financial assets that
                             have subsequently become credit-impaired (see below). For financial assets that have
                             subsequently become credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective
                             interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset from the next reporting period. If the
                             credit risk on the credit- impaired financial instrument improves so that the financial asset is
                             no longer credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate
                             to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset from the beginning of the reporting period
                             following the determination that the asset is no longer credit-impaired.




87   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   (CONTINUED)
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
     3.2   Significant accounting policies - continued

           Financial instruments - continued

           Financial assets - continued

           Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets - continued

           (ii)    Equity instruments designated as at FVTOCI

                   Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI are subsequently measured at fair value with
                   gains and losses arising from changes in fair value recognised in other comprehensive
                   income and accumulated in the investments revaluation reserve; and are not subject to
                   impairment assessment. The cumulative gain or loss will not be reclassified to profit or loss
                   on disposal of the equity investments, and will be transferred to accumulated profits.

                   Dividends from these investments in equity instruments are recognised in profit or loss
                   when the Group’s right to receive the dividends is established, unless the dividends clearly
                   represent a recovery of part of the cost of the investment.

           (iii)   Financial assets at FVTPL

                   Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost or
                   FVTOCI or designated as FVTOCI are measured at FVTPL.

                   Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period, with
                   any fair value gains or losses recognised in profit or loss and is included in the “other gains
                   and losses” line item.

           Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9

           The Group performs impairment assessment under expected credit loss (“ECL”) model on financial
           assets (including trade and other receivables, loan receivable, amount due from an associate and
           bank balances) which are subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9. The amount of ECL is
           updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition.

           Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the expected
           life of the relevant instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL (“12m ECL”) represents the portion of
           lifetime ECL that is expected to result from default events that are possible within 12 months after
           the reporting date. Assessment are done based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience,
           adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and an
           assessment of both the current conditions at the reporting date as well as the forecast of future
           conditions.




                                                                       CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         88
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




     3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
           STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
           3.2      Significant accounting policies - continued

                     Financial instruments - continued

                     Financial assets - continued

                     Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9 - continued

                     The Group always recognises lifetime ECL for trade receivables.

                     For all other instruments, the Group measures the loss allowance equal to 12m ECL, unless when
                     there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, in which case the Group
                     recognises lifetime ECL. The assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be recognised is based on
                     significant increases in the likelihood or risk of a default occurring since initial recognition.

                     (i)    Significant increase in credit risk

                            In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition,
                            the Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the
                            reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date
                            of initial recognition. In making this assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and
                            qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and
                            forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort.

                            In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit
                            risk has increased significantly:

                            •      an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s external (if
                                   available) or internal credit rating;
                            •      significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk, e.g. a significant
                                   increase in the credit spread, the credit default swap prices for the debtor;
                            •      existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that
                                   are expected to cause a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt
                                   obligations;
                            •      an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor;
                            •      an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or
                                   technological environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the
                                   debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations.

                            Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit
                            risk has increased significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments are more
                            than 30 days past due, unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information that
                            demonstrates otherwise.




89   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   (CONTINUED)
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
     3.2   Significant accounting policies - continued

           Financial instruments - continued

           Financial assets - continued

           Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9 - continued

           (i)     Significant increase in credit risk - continued

                   The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there
                   has been a significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that
                   the criteria are capable of identifying significant increase in credit risk before the amount
                   becomes past due.

           (ii)    Definition of default

                   For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default occurs when
                   information developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor
                   is unlikely to pay its creditors, including the Group, in full (without taking into account any
                   collaterals held by the Group).

                   Irrespective of the above, the Group considers that default has occurred when a financial
                   asset is more than 90 days past due unless the Group has reasonable and supportable
                   information to demonstrate that a more lagging default criterion is more appropriate.

           (iii)   Credit-impaired financial assets

                   A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact
                   on the estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a
                   financial asset is credit-impaired includes observable data about the following events:

                   (a)    significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;
                   (b)    a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;
                   (c)    the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the
                          borrower’s financial difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the
                          lender(s) would not otherwise consider; or
                   (d)    it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial
                          reorganisation.




                                                                       CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         90
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




     3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
           STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
           3.2      Significant accounting policies - continued

                     Financial instruments - continued

                     Financial assets - continued

                     Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9 - continued

                     (iv)   Write-off policy

                            The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the
                            counterparty is in severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery,
                            for example, when the counterparty has been placed under liquidation or has entered into
                            bankruptcy proceedings, or in the case of trade receivables, when amounts are over three
                            years past due, whichever occurs sooner. Financial assets written off may still be subject
                            to enforcement activities under the Group’s recovery procedures, taking into account legal
                            advice where appropriate. A write-off constitutes a derecognition event. Any subsequent
                            recoveries are recognised in profit or loss.

                     (v)    Measurement and recognition of ECL

                            The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e.
                            the magnitude of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment
                            of the probability of default and loss given default is based on historical data adjusted by
                            forward-looking information. Estimation of ECL reflects an unbiased and probability-weighted
                            amount that is determined with the respective risks of default occurring as the weights. The
                            Group uses a practical expedient in estimating ECL on trade receivables using a provision
                            matrix taking into consideration historical credit loss experience, adjusted for forward looking
                            information that is available without undue cost or effort.

                            Generally, the ECL is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the
                            Group in accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive,
                            discounted at the effective interest rate determined at initial recognition.

                            Lifetime ECL for certain trade receivables are considered on a collective basis taking into
                            consideration past due information and relevant credit information such as forward looking
                            macroeconomic information.

                            For collective assessment, the Group takes into consideration the following characteristics
                            when formulating the grouping:

                            •      Past-due status; and
                            •      Nature, size and industry of debtors.




91   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    (CONTINUED)
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
     3.2   Significant accounting policies - continued

           Financial instruments - continued

           Financial assets - continued

           Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9 - continued

           (v)    Measurement and recognition of ECL - continued

                  The grouping is regularly reviewed by management to ensure the constituents of each group
                  continue to share similar credit risk characteristics.

                  Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial asset unless
                  the financial asset is credit impaired, in which case interest income is calculated based on
                  amortised cost of the financial asset.

                  The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments
                  by adjusting their carrying amount, with the exception of trade receivables where the
                  corresponding adjustment is recognised through a loss allowance account.

           Derecognition of financial assets

           The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from
           the asset expire. If the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards
           of ownership and continues to control the transferred asset, the Group recognises its retained
           interest in the asset and an associated liability for amounts it may have to pay. If the Group retains
           substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of a transferred financial asset, the Group
           continues to recognise the financial asset and also recognises a collateralised borrowing for the
           proceeds received.

           On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the asset’s
           carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised in profit or
           loss.

           On derecognition of an investment in equity instrument which the Group has elected on initial
           recognition to measure at FVTOCI, the cumulative gain or loss previously accumulated in the
           investments revaluation reserve is not reclassified to profit or loss, but is transferred to accumulated
           profits.




                                                                       CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          92
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




     3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
           STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
           3.2      Significant accounting policies - continued

                     Financial instruments - continued

                     Financial liabilities and equity instruments

                     Classification as debts or equity

                     Debt and equity instruments are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance with
                     the substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity
                     instrument.

                     Equity instruments

                     An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity
                     after deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recognised at the
                     proceeds received, net of direct issue costs.

                     Repurchase of the Company’s own equity instruments is recognised and deducted directly in equity.
                     No gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the
                     Company’s own equity instruments.

                     Financial liabilities

                     All financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest
                     method or at FVTPL.

                     Financial liabilities at FVTPL

                     Financial liabilities are classified as at FVTPL when the financial liability is (i) contingent consideration
                     of an acquirer in a business combination to which IFRS 3 applies, or (ii) it is designated as at FVTPL.

                     A financial liability is held for trading if:

                     •       it has been acquired principally for the purpose of repurchasing it in the near term; or
                     •       on initial recognition it is part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group
                             manages together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or
                     •       it is a derivative, except for a derivative that is a financial guarantee contract or a designated
                             and effective hedging instrument.




93   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                        (CONTINUED)
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
     3.2   Significant accounting policies - continued

           Financial instruments - continued

           Financial liabilities and equity instruments - continued

           Financial liabilities at FVTPL - continued

           A financial liability other than a financial liability held for trading or contingent consideration of an
           acquirer in a business combination may be designated as at FVTPL upon initial recognition if:

           •      such designation eliminates or significantly reduces a measurement or recognition
                  inconsistency that would otherwise arise; or
           •      the financial liability forms part of a group of financial assets or financial liabilities or both,
                  which is managed and its performance is evaluated on a fair value basis, in accordance with
                  the Group’s documented risk management or investment strategy, and information about the
                  grouping is provided internally on that basis; or
           •      it forms part of a contract containing one or more embedded derivatives, and IFRS 9 permits
                  the entire combined contract to be designated as at FVTPL.

           For financial liabilities that are designated as at FVTPL, the amount of change in the fair value of
           the financial liability that is attributable to changes in the credit risk of that liability is recognised in
           other comprehensive income, unless the recognition of the effects of changes in the liability’s credit
           risk in other comprehensive income would create or enlarge an accounting mismatch in profit
           or loss. Changes in fair value attributable to a financial liability’s credit risk that are recognised in
           other comprehensive income are not subsequently reclassified to profit or loss; instead, they are
           transferred to accumulated profits upon derecognition of the financial liability.

           Financial liabilities at amortised cost

           Financial liabilities, including trade and other payables, bank borrowings, deferred consideration
           payables and obligation arising from put options, are subsequently measured at amortised cost,
           using the effective interest method.

           Bank borrowings

           Bank borrowings are recognised initially at fair value of proceeds received, net of transaction costs
           incurred. Transaction costs are incremental costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition
           or issue of a financial liability. Bank borrowings are subsequently stated at amortised cost. Any
           difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the redemption value is amortised to
           profit or loss over the period of the bank borrowings using the effective interest method.




                                                                          CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED            94
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2022
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




     3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
           STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
           3.2      Significant accounting policies - continued

                     Financial instruments - continued

                     Financial liabilities and equity instruments - continued

                     Deferred consideration payables

                     The deferred consideration payables are initially measured at the present value of the contractual
                     future payments. Deferred consideration payables are subsequently measured at amortised cost
                     using the effective interest method.

                     Obligation arising from put options

                     Put options written to a non-controlling shareholder which will be settled by exchange of fixed
                     amount of cash for a fixed number of shares in a subsidiary is treated as equity instrument and is
                     recognised at fair value upon initial recognition.

                     The gross financial liability arising from the put options is recognised when contractual obligation
                     to repurchase the shares in a subsidiary is established even if the obligation is conditional on
                     the counterparty exercising a right to sell back the shares to the subsidiary. The liability for the
                     share redemption amount is initially recognised and measured at present value of the estimated
                     repurchase price with the corresponding debit to non-controlling interests. In subsequent periods,
                     the remeasurement of the present value of the estimated gross obligation under the written put
                     options to the non-controlling shareholder is recognised in profit or loss.

                     Derecognition of financial liabilities

                     The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are
                     discharged, cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial
                     liability derecognised and the consideration paid and payable is recognised in profit or loss.

                     Changes in the basis for determining the contractual cash flows as a result of interest rate
                     benchmark reform

                     For changes in the basis for determining the contractual cash flows of a financial asset or financial
                     liability to which the amortised cost measurement applies as a result of interest rate benchmark
                     reform, the Group applies the practical expedient to account for these changes by updating the
                     effective interest rate, such change in effective interest rate normally has no significant effect on the
                     carrying amount of the relevant financial asset or financial liability.




95   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    (CONTINUED)
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
     3.2   Significant accounting policies - continued

           Financial instruments - continued

           Derecognition of financial liabilities - continued

           Changes in the basis for determining the contractual cash flows as a result of interest rate
           benchmark reform - continued

           A change in the basis for determining the contractual cash flows is required by interest rate
           benchmark reform if and only if, both these conditions are met:

           •      the change is necessary as a direct consequence of interest rate benchmark reform; and
           •      the new basis for determining the contractual cash flows is economically equivalent to the
                  previous basis (i.e. the basis immediately preceding the change).

           Derivative financial instruments

           Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value at the date when derivative contracts are entered
           into and are subsequently remeasured to their fair value at the end of the reporting period. The
           resulting gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss unless the derivative is designated and effective
           as a hedging instrument, in which event the timing of the recognition in profit or loss depends on the
           nature of the hedge relationship.

           Hedge accounting

           The Group designates certain derivatives as hedging instruments for cash flow hedges.

           At the inception of the hedging relationship the Group documents the relationship between the
           hedging instrument and the hedged item, along with its risk management objectives and its strategy
           for undertaking various hedge transactions. Furthermore, at the inception of the hedge and on an
           ongoing basis, the Group documents whether the hedging instrument is highly effective in offsetting
           changes in fair values or cash flows of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk.

           For the purpose of determining whether a forecast transaction (or a component thereof) is highly
           probable, the Group assumes that the interest rate benchmark on which the hedged cash flows
           (contractually or non-contractually specified) are based is not altered as a result of interest rate
           benchmark reform.




                                                                       CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          96
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




     3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
           STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
           3.2      Significant accounting policies - continued

                     Financial instruments - continued

                     Hedge accounting - continued

                     Assessment of hedging relationship and effectiveness

                     For hedge effectiveness assessment, the Group considers whether the hedging instrument is
                     effective in offsetting changes in fair values or cash flows of the hedged item attributable to the
                     hedged risk, which is when the hedging relationships meet all of the following hedge effectiveness
                     requirements:

                     •      there is an economic relationship between the hedged item and the hedging instrument;
                     •      the effect of credit risk does not dominate the value changes that result from that economic
                            relationship; and
                     •      the hedge ratio of the hedging relationship is the same as that resulting from the quantity of
                            the hedged item that the Group actually hedges and the quantity of the hedging instrument
                            that the entity actually uses to hedge that quantity of hedged item.

                     If a hedging relationship ceases to meet the hedge effectiveness requirement relating to the hedge
                     ratio but the risk management objective for that designated hedging relationship remains the same,
                     the Group adjusts the hedge ratio of the hedging relationship (i.e. rebalances the hedge) so that it
                     meets the qualifying criteria again.

                     For changes made to the hedged risk, hedged item or hedging instrument required by interest rate
                     benchmark reform, the Group amends the formal designation of a hedging relationship to reflect
                     the changes by the end of the reporting period during which the relevant changes were made.
                     Such an amendment to the formal designation of the hedging relationship constitutes neither the
                     discontinuation of the hedging relationship nor the designation of a new hedging relationship.

                     Cash flow hedges

                     The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives and other qualifying hedging
                     instruments that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges are recognised in other
                     comprehensive income and accumulated under the heading of hedging reserve, limited to the
                     cumulative change in fair value of the hedged item from inception of the hedge. The gain or loss
                     relating to the ineffective portion is recognised immediately in profit or loss, and is included in “other
                     gains and losses” line item.




97   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    (CONTINUED)
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
     3.2   Significant accounting policies - continued

           Financial instruments - continued

           Hedge accounting - continued

           Cash flow hedges - continued

           When a hedged item in a cash flow hedge is amended to reflect the changes that are required by
           the interest rate benchmark reform, the amount accumulated in the cash flow hedge reserve is
           deemed to be based on the alternative benchmark rate on which the hedged future cash flows are
           determined.

           Amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity are
           reclassified to profit or loss in the periods when the hedged item affects profit or loss, in the same
           line as the recognised hedged item. Furthermore, if the Group expects that some or all of the loss
           accumulated in the hedging reserve will not be recovered in the future, the amount is immediately
           reclassified to profit or loss.

           Discontinuation of hedge accounting

           The Group discontinues hedge accounting prospectively only when the hedging relationship (or a
           part thereof) ceases to meet the qualifying criteria (after rebalancing, if applicable). This includes
           instances when the hedging instrument expires or is sold, terminated or exercised. Discontinuing
           hedge accounting can either affect a hedging relationship in its entirety or only a part of it (in which
           case hedge accounting continues for the remainder of the hedging relationship).

           Any gain or loss recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity at that time
           remains in equity and is recognised when the forecast transactions is ultimately recognised in profit
           or loss. When a forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur, the gain or loss accumulated in
           equity is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

           Revenue from contracts with customers

           The Group recognises revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when “control”
           of the goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to the
           customer.

           A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is
           distinct or a series of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same.




                                                                       CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          98
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




     3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
           STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
           3.2      Significant accounting policies - continued

                     Revenue from contracts with customers - continued

                     Control is transferred over time and revenue is recognised over time by reference to the progress
                     towards complete satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is
                     met:

                     •      the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s
                            performance as the Group performs;
                     •      the Group’s performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the
                            Group performs; or
                     •      the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and
                            the Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

                     Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the distinct
                     good or service.

                     A contract asset represents the Group’s right to consideration in exchange for goods or services that
                     the Group has transferred to a customer that is not yet unconditional. It is assessed for impairment
                     in accordance with IFRS 9. In contrast, a receivable represents the Group’s unconditional right to
                     consideration, i.e. only the passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due.

                     A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer
                     for which the Group has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the
                     customer.

                     A contract asset and a contract liability relating to the same contract are accounted for and
                     presented on a net basis.

                     Variable consideration

                     For contracts that contain variable consideration (e.g. sales returns or volume rebates), the Group
                     estimates the amount of consideration to which it will be entitled using the expected value method,
                     which better predicts the amount of consideration to which the Group will be entitled.

                     The estimated amount of variable consideration is included in the transaction price only to the extent
                     that it is highly probable that such an inclusion will not result in a significant revenue reversal in the
                     future when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved.




99   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     (CONTINUED)
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
     3.2   Significant accounting policies - continued

           Revenue from contracts with customers - continued

           Variable consideration - continued

           At the end of each reporting period, the Group updates the estimated transaction price (including
           updating its assessment of whether an estimate of variable consideration is constrained) to
           represent faithfully the circumstances present at the end of the reporting period and the changes in
           circumstances during the reporting period.

           Principal versus agent

           When another party is involved in providing goods or services to a customer, the Group determines
           whether the nature of its promise is a performance obligation to provide the specified goods or
           services itself (i.e. the Group is a principal) or to arrange for those goods or services to be provided
           by the other party (i.e. the Group is an agent).

           The Group is a principal if it controls the specified good or service before that good or service is
           transferred to a customer.

           The Group is an agent if its performance obligation is to arrange for the provision of the specified
           good or service by another party. In this case, the Group does not control the specified good or
           service provided by another party before that good or service is transferred to the customer. When
           the Group acts as an agent, it recognises revenue in the amount of any fee or commission to which
           it expects to be entitled in exchange for arranging for the specified goods or services to be provided
           by the other party.

           Taxation

           Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.

           The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from profit
           before tax because of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and items
           that are never taxable or deductible. The Group’s liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates
           that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.




                                                                       CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           100
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




      3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
            STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
            3.2      Significant accounting policies - continued

                      Taxation - continued

                      Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets
                      and liabilities in the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in
                      the computation of taxable profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable
                      temporary differences. Deferred tax assets are generally recognised for all deductible temporary
                      differences to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available against which those
                      deductible temporary differences can be utilised. Such deferred tax assets and liabilities are not
                      recognised if the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition (other than in a business
                      combination) of assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit nor the
                      accounting profit. In addition, deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference
                      arises from the initial recognition of goodwill.

                      Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences associated with investments
                      in subsidiaries and associates, except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the
                      temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the
                      foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences associated
                      with such investments and interests are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that there
                      will be sufficient taxable profits against which to utilise the benefits of the temporary differences and
                      they are expected to reverse in the foreseeable future.

                      The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of the reporting period and
                      reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to
                      allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.

                      Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the
                      period in which the liability is settled or the asset realised, based on tax rate (and tax laws) that have
                      been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

                      The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would
                      follow from the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or
                      settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.

                      For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for leasing transactions in which the Group recognises
                      the right-of-use assets and the related lease liabilities, the Group first determines whether the tax
                      deductions are attributable to the right-of-use assets or the lease liabilities.




101   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                      (CONTINUED)
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
     3.2   Significant accounting policies - continued

           Taxation - continued

           For leasing transactions in which the tax deductions are attributable to the lease liabilities, the
           Group applies IAS 12 requirements to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities separately. Temporary
           differences on initial recognition of the relevant right-of-use assets and lease liabilities are not
           recognised due to application of the initial recognition exemption. Temporary differences arising
           from subsequent revision to the carrying amounts of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities,
           resulting from remeasurement of lease liabilities and lease modifications, that are not subject to initial
           recognition exemption are recognised on the date of remeasurement or modification.

           Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current
           tax assets against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied to the same
           taxable entity by the same taxation authority.

           Current and deferred tax are recognised in profit or loss, except when they relate to items that are
           recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case, the current and
           deferred tax are also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity respectively.
           Where current tax or deferred tax arises from the initial accounting for a business combination, the
           tax effect is included in the accounting for the business combination.

           In assessing any uncertainty over income tax treatments, the Group considers whether it is probable
           that the relevant tax authority will accept the uncertain tax treatment used, or proposed to be use
           by individual group entities in their income tax filings. If it is probable, the current and deferred taxes
           are determined consistently with the tax treatment in the income tax filings. If it is not probable that
           the relevant taxation authority will accept an uncertain tax treatment, the effect of each uncertainty is
           reflected by using either the most likely amount or the expected value.

           Foreign currencies

           In preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in currencies
           other than the functional currency of that entity (foreign currencies) are recognised at the rates of
           exchange prevailing at the dates of the transactions. At the end of each reporting period, monetary
           items denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing at that date. Non-
           monetary items carried at fair value that are denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the
           rates prevailing on the date when the fair value was determined. When a fair value gain or loss on
           a non-monetary item is recognised in profit or loss, any exchange component of that gain or loss is
           also recognised in profit or loss. When a fair value gain or loss on a non-monetary item is recognised
           in other comprehensive income, any exchange component of that gain or loss is also recognised in
           other comprehensive income. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a
           foreign currency are not retranslated.




                                                                         CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           102
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




      3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
            STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
            3.2      Significant accounting policies - continued

                      Foreign currencies - continued

                      Exchange differences, arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the retranslation of
                      monetary items, are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.

                      For the purposes of presenting the consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities
                      of the Group’s foreign operations are translated into the presentation currency of the Group (i.e.
                      RMB) using exchange rates prevailing at the end of each reporting period. Income and expense
                      items are translated at the average exchange rates for the period, unless exchange rates fluctuate
                      significantly during that period, in which case, the exchange rates at the dates of transactions are
                      used. Exchange differences arising, if any, are recognised in other comprehensive income and
                      accumulated in equity under the heading of translation reserve.

                      On the disposal of a foreign operation (that is, a disposal of the Group’s entire interest in a foreign
                      operation, or a disposal involving loss of control over a subsidiary that includes a foreign operation,
                      or a partial disposal of an interest in an associate that includes a foreign operation of which the
                      retained interest becomes a financial asset), all of the exchange differences accumulated in equity in
                      respect of that operation attributable to the owners of the Company are reclassified to profit or loss.

                      Goodwill and fair value adjustments on identifiable assets acquired arising on an acquisition of a
                      foreign operation are treated as assets and liabilities of that foreign operation and translated at the
                      rate of exchange prevailing at the end of each reporting period. Exchange differences arising are
                      recognised in other comprehensive income.

                      Leases

                      Definition of a lease

                      A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified
                      asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.

                      For contracts entered into or modified on or after the date of initial application of IFRS16, the
                      Group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease based on the definition under IFRS
                      16 at inception or modification date. Such contract will not be reassessed unless the terms and
                      conditions of the contract are subsequently changed.




103   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                 (CONTINUED)
                                                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
     3.2   Significant accounting policies - continued

           Leases - continued

           The Group as a lessee

           Short-term leases

           The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to leases of office premises that have
           a lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase
           option. Lease payments on short-term leases are recognised as expense on a straight-line basis or
           another systematic basis over the lease term.

           Right-of-use assets

           The cost of right-of-use assets includes:

           •       the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability;
           •       any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives
                   received;
           •       any initial direct costs incurred by the Group; and
           •       an estimate of costs to be incurred by the Group in dismantling and removing the underlying
                   assets, restoring the site on which it is located or restoring the underlying asset to the
                   condition required by the terms and conditions of the lease.

           Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment
           losses, and adjusted for any re-measurement of lease liabilities.

           Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of its estimated useful
           life and the lease term.

           The Group presents right-of-use assets as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of
           financial position.

           Refundable rental deposits

           Refundable rental deposits paid are accounted under IFRS 9 and initially measured at fair value.
           Adjustments to fair value at initial recognition are considered as additional lease payments and
           included in the cost of right-of-use assets.

           Lease liabilities

           At the commencement date of a lease, the Group recognised and measures the lease liability at
           the present value of lease payments that are unpaid at that date. In calculating the present value of
           lease payments, the Group uses the incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date if
           the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable.



                                                                     CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         104
                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2022
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




      3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
            STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
            3.2      Significant accounting policies - continued

                      Leases - continued

                      The Group as a lessee - continued

                      Lease liabilities - continued

                      The lease payments include:

                      •      fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable;
                      •      variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate initially measured using the index
                             or rate as the commencement date;
                      •      amounts expected to be payable by the Group under residual value guarantees;
                      •      the exercise price of a purchase option if the Group is reasonably certain to be exercised by
                             the Group; and
                      •      payments of penalties for terminating a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising
                             the option to terminate the lease.

                      After the commencement date, lease liabilities are adjusted by interest accretion and lease
                      payments.

                      The Group remeasures lease liabilities (and makes a corresponding adjustment to the related right-
                      of-use assets) whenever:

                      •      the lease term has changed or there is a change in the assessment of exercise of a purchase
                             option, in which case the related lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease
                             payments using a revised discount rate at the date of reassessment.
                      •      the lease payments change due to changes in market rental rates following a market rent
                             review, in which cases the related lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised
                             lease payments using the initial discount rate.

                      The Group presents lease liabilities as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial
                      position.

                      Lease modifications

                      The Group accounts for a lease modification as a separate lease if:

                      •      the modification increases the scope of the lease by adding the right to use one or more
                             underlying assets; and
                      •      the consideration for the leases increases by an amount commensurate with the stand-alone
                             price for the increase in scope and any appropriate adjustments to that stand-alone price to
                             reflect the circumstances of the particular contract.



105   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    (CONTINUED)
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
     3.2   Significant accounting policies - continued

           Leases - continued

           The Group as a lessee - continued

           Lease modifications - continued

           For a lease modification that is not accounted for as a separate lease, the Group remeasures the
           lease liability, less any lease incentives receivable, based on the lease term of the modified lease
           by discounting the revised lease payments using a revised discount rate at the effective date of the
           modification.

           The Group accounts for the remeasurement of lease liabilities by making corresponding adjustments
           to the relevant right-of-use asset.

           Borrowing costs

           Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying
           assets, which are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their
           intended use or sale, are added to the cost of those assets until such time as the assets are
           substantially ready for their intended use or sale.

           Any specific borrowing that remain outstanding after the related asset is ready for its intended use
           or sale is included in the general borrowing pool for calculation of capitalisation rate on general
           borrowings. Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending
           their expenditure on qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.

           All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.

           Government grants

           Government grants are not recognised until there is reasonable assurance that the Group will
           comply with the conditions attaching to them and that the grants will be received.

           Government grants are recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in
           which the Group recognises as expenses the related costs for which the grants are intended to
           compensate.

           Government grants related to income that are receivable as compensation for expenses or losses
           already incurred or for the purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no
           future related costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they become receivable.
           Government grants relating to compensation of expenses are deducted from the related expenses,
           other government grants are presented under “other income”.




                                                                       CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          106
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




      3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
            STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
            3.2      Significant accounting policies - continued

                      Retirement benefit costs

                      Payment to defined contribution retirement benefit plans including schemes registered under the
                      Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance in Hong Kong, Social Security Fund Schemes in
                      Macau and government retirement benefit scheme in the PRC and retirement benefit scheme in
                      Dubai are recognised as an expense when employees have rendered service entitling them to the
                      contributions..

                      Payments to employee benefit schemes including Key Employee Benefit Scheme (the “2009
                      Scheme”), CMS Key Employee Benefit Scheme (the “New KEB Scheme”) and CMS Employee
                      Incentive Scheme (the “Bonus Scheme”), which are classified as a defined contribution scheme,
                      are recognised as an expense when employees have rendered service entitling them to the
                      contributions.

                      The Group operates defined contribution retirement schemes in Hong Kong, Macau, the PRC and
                      Dubai.

                      In respect of the non-mandatory provident fund schemes, contributions payable by the Group are
                      reduced by the amount of contributions forfeited by those employees who leave the schemes prior
                      to vesting fully in the Group’s contributions.

                      Short-term employee benefits

                      Short-term employee benefits are recognised at the undiscounted amount of the benefits expected
                      to be paid as and when employees rendered the services. All short-term employee benefits are
                      recognised as an expense unless another IFRS requires or permits the inclusion of the benefit in the
                      cost of an asset.

                      A liability is recognised for benefits accruing to employees (such as wages and salaries and annual
                      leave) after deducting any amount already paid.

                      Share-based payments

                      Equity-settled share-based payment transactions

                      Shares/Share options granted to employees

                      Equity-settled share-based payments to employees and others providing similar services are
                      measured at the fair value of the equity instruments at the grant date.




107   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                          (CONTINUED)
                                                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
     3.2        Significant accounting policies - continued

                Share-based payments - continued

                Equity-settled share-based payment transactions - continued

                The fair value of the equity-settled share-based payments determined at the grant date without
                taking into consideration all non-market vesting conditions is expensed on a straight-line basis over
                the vesting period, based on the Group’s estimate of equity instruments that will eventually vest, with
                a corresponding increase in equity (share-based payments reserve). At the end of each reporting
                period, the Group revises its estimate of the number of equity instruments expected to vest based
                on assessment of all relevant non-market vesting conditions. The impact of the revision of the
                original estimates, if any, is recognised in profit or loss such that the cumulative expense reflects the
                revised estimate, with a corresponding adjustment to the share-based payments reserve.

                When share options are exercised, the amount previously recognised in share-based payments
                reserve will be transferred to accumulated profits. When the share options are forfeited after the
                vesting date or are still not exercised at the expiry date, the amount previously recognised in share-
                based payments reserve will continue to be held in share-based payments reserve.

                When shares granted are vested, the amount previously recognised in share-based payments
                reserve will be transferred to share capital and share premium.


4.   KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY
     In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, which are described in note 3, the directors of the
     Company are required to make judgements, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets
     and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and associated assumptions are
     based on historical experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ
     from these estimates.

     The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an on-going basis. Revisions to accounting
     estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or
     in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.

     The following are the key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at
     the end of the reporting period, that may have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying
     amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year.




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          108
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2022
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




      4.    KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY - continued
            Estimated impairment of goodwill

            For the purpose of impairment testing, the entire amount of goodwill has been allocated to nine (2021: seven)
            cash generating units (“CGU”s) (see note 19). The impairment assessment is based on the higher of fair value
            less costs of disposal and value in use of the CGUs. The value in use calculation requires the Group to estimate
            the future cash flows expected to arise from the CGUs and a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the
            present value. The value in use calculation is sensitive to changes in the key assumptions including growth
            rates, discount rate and the forecast performance based on management’s view of future business prospects.
            Where the actual future cash flows are less than expected, or change in facts and circumstances which results
            in downward revision of future cash flows or upward revision of discount rate, a material impairment loss/further
            impairment loss may arise.

            During the year ended 31 December 2022, an impairment loss of RMB60,000,000 (2021: RMB20,000,000)
            was recognised in profit or loss. As at 31 December 2022, the carrying amount of goodwill is approximately
            RMB1,665,993,000 (2021: RMB1,691,179,000) (net of accumulated impairment loss of RMB250,000,000
            (2021: RMB190,000,000)).

            Estimated impairment of intangible assets

            At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its intangible assets to determine
            whether there is any indication that those assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists,
            the recoverable amount of the asset is determined as the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal and its
            value in use. The recoverable amount is estimated with reference to the value in use calculation in order to
            determine the extent of the impairment loss, if any. The value in use calculation is sensitive to changes in the
            key assumptions including growth rates, discount rate and the forecast performance based on management’s
            view of future business prospects. If the recoverable amount of an intangible asset is estimated to be less than
            its carrying amount, the carrying amount of the asset is reduced to its recoverable amount. No impairment loss
            of intangible assets were recognised for both years. As at 31 December 2022, the carrying amount of intangible
            assets is approximately RMB2,066,423,000 (2021: RMB2,215,697,000).

            Provision of ECL for trade receivables

            Trade receivables with credit-impaired are assessed for ECL individually. In addition, the Group uses practical
            expedient in estimating ECL on trade receivables which are not assessed individually using a provision matrix.
            The provision rates are based on internal credit ratings as groupings of various debtors taking into consideration
            the Group’s historical default rates and forward-looking information that is reasonable, supportable and available
            without undue costs or effort. At every reporting date, the historical observed default rates are reassessed and
            changes in the forward-looking information are considered.

            The provision of ECL is sensitive to changes in estimates. As at 31 December 2022, the carrying amount of
            trade receivables amounted to 1,442,035,000 (2021: 1,395,789,000) were net of impairment allowance under
            ECL model. The information about the ECL and the Group’s trade receivables are disclosed in notes 36 and
            22, respectively.

109   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                         (CONTINUED)
                                                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




4.   KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY - continued
     Fair value measurement of financial instruments

     As at 31 December 2022, the Group’s unquoted equity instruments at FVTOCI amounting to RMB233,047,000
     (2021: RMB336,902,000) and financial assets, being unlisted investments at FVTPL amounting to
     RMB1,491,336,000 (2021: RMB977,264,000), are measured at fair values with fair values being determined
     based on significant unobservable inputs using valuation techniques and the relevant inputs thereof.
     Judgement and estimation are required in establishing the relevant valuation techniques and the relevant
     inputs thereof. Changes in assumptions relating to these factors could affect the reported fair values of these
     instruments. See note 20 for further disclosures.

     Estimated impairment of deposits paid for acquisition of intangible assets

     At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its deposits paid for acquisition
     of intangible assets to determine whether there is any indication that those assets have suffered an impairment
     loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the asset is estimated with reference to the value
     in use calculation in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss, if any. The value in use calculation is
     sensitive to changes in the key assumptions including growth rates, discount rate and the forecast performance
     based on management’s view of future business prospects. If the recoverable amount of the deposits paid
     for acquisition of intangible assets is estimated to be less than its carrying amount, the carrying amount of the
     asset is reduced to its recoverable amount. During the year ended 31 December 2022, an impairment loss
     of RMB2,003,000 (2021: RMB nil) was recognised in profit or loss. As at 31 December 2022, the carrying
     amount of the deposits paid for acquisition of intangible assets is approximately RMB1,285,415,000 (2021:
     RMB790,483,000).


5.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
     (i)    Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers

            The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue from its major products and services:


            At a point in time                                                        2022                     2021
                                                                                   RMB’000                  RMB’000

            Sales of pharmaceutical products                                       7,055,729                6,655,017
            Promotion income                                                       2,094,618                1,682,204

            Total revenue                                                          9,150,347                8,337,221


     (ii)   Performance obligations for contracts with customers

            The Group mainly sells pharmaceutical products to distributors which would then further be sold
            to hospital and medical institutions throughout the PRC and provides promotion services to certain
            pharmaceutical manufacturers.


                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          110
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




      5.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION - continued
            (ii)    Performance obligations for contracts with customers - continued

                    The Group has acted as principal for transactions of pharmaceutical products and acted as agent
                    for the promotion services. In assessing whether the Group acted as principal or agent, the Group
                    has considered whether it controls the pharmaceutical products and promotion services before such
                    products and/or services are transferred to customers, indicators including but not limited to whether
                    the Group has primary responsibility in providing the goods and services to the customers, inventory risk
                    before the customers’ order and whether it has discretion in establishing price.

                    For sales of pharmaceutical products to customers, revenue is recognised at a point in time when
                    control of the pharmaceutical products is passed to customers, i.e. when the products are delivered and
                    titles have passed to customers upon receipt by customers. Sales rebates will be granted to customers
                    by the Group for qualified purchases at a pre-determined amount per unit.

                    For promotion of pharmaceutical products, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the Group
                    satisfies its obligation to arrange for the pharmaceutical products to be provided by suppliers to
                    distributors.

                    A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to sales of pharmaceutical products to customers
                    for which the Group has received consideration from (or an amount of consideration is due from)
                    customers while revenue has not yet been recognised. All the revenue contracts are for periods of one
                    year or less. As permitted under IFRS 15, the transaction price allocated to these unsatisfied contracts
                    is not disclosed.

            (iii)   Segment information

                    The Group determines its operating segments based on the internal reports reviewed by the Executive
                    Directors of the Company, being the chief operating decision maker that are used for resources
                    allocation and assessment of segment performance.

                    The Group only has one reportable operating segment that is marketing, promotion, sales and
                    manufacturing of pharmaceutical products. No operating results and discrete financial information
                    is available for the assessment of performance of the respective business divisions and resources
                    allocation purpose. Therefore, no analysis of the Group’s revenue, results, assets and liabilities by
                    operating segments is presented.

                    The Group’s production of medicines, marketing, promotion and sale of drugs are primarily in the PRC.
                    Almost all revenue from external customers is attributed to the PRC, 79% and 21% of non-current
                    assets excluding amount due from an associate, derivative financial instruments and deferred tax assets
                    of the Group are located in the PRC and Dubai, respectively (2021: 76% and 24%).

                    Sales to the largest customer of the Group account for 14.4% of the Group’s sales and no other single
                    customers contribute over 10% of the total revenue of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022.

                    Sales to the largest customer of the Group account for 12.6% of the Group’s sales and no other single
                    customers contribute over 10% of the total revenue of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2021.



111   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     (CONTINUED)
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




6.   OTHER INCOME
                                                                                       2022                2021
                                                                                    RMB’000             RMB’000

     Interest income                                                                 105,515              81,853
     Government subsidies (Note a)                                                    93,063              65,094
                                                                                     198,578             146,947

     Note:

     (a)     The amounts for both years mainly represented the incentive subsidies provided by the PRC local
             authorities to the Group to encourage business operation in the PRC. Such government grants were
             pertinent to income and aim to give immediate financial support to the Group with no future related
             costs. There were no unfulfilled conditions attached to these grants and, the Group has recognised the
             grants upon receipts.


7.   OTHER GAINS AND LOSSES
                                                                                       2022                2021
                                                                                    RMB’000             RMB’000

     Impairment loss on goodwill                                                      (60,000)            (20,000)
     Impairment loss on deposit paid for intangible asstes                              (2,003)                 -
     Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                    (403)              (225)
     Net foreign exchange (loss) gain                                               (126,214)              22,622
     Change in fair value of derivative
      financial instruments                                                           41,889              (10,063)
     Change in fair value of financial assets at fair
      value through profit or loss                                                   150,009             115,656
     Release on deferred difference on initial
      recognition of financial instruments                                                  -               1,929
     Others                                                                            (7,473)              1,606
                                                                                       (4,195)           111,525



8.   FINANCE COSTS
                                                                                       2022                2021
                                                                                    RMB’000             RMB’000

     Interest on bank borrowings                                                      35,455              15,397
     Interest on lease liabilities                                                     2,098               2,211
     Interest on obligation arising from put options (Note 42)                        11,360              10,413
     Imputed interest on deferred consideration payables                                 173                 249
                                                                                      49,086              28,270


                                                                         CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        112
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




      9.    DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S EMOLUMENTS
            Directors’ and chief executive’s remunerations for the year, disclosed pursuant to the applicable Listing Rules
            and the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, are as follows:
                                                                    Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                      Executive
                                                                                     Independent                       Director
                                            Executive                               Non-executive                     and chief
                                             Directors                                 Directors                      executive
                                             (Note b)                                  (Note c)                       (Note b)
                                       Chen         Chen               Fung       Leung        Luo,
                                       Hong           Yan             Ching,      Chong       Laura                     Lam
                                       Bing          Ling             Simon       Shun         Ying                    Kong        Total
                                      RMB’000      RMB’000           RMB’000     RMB’000 RMB’000                      RMB’000     RMB’000
                                                                     (Note e)                                         (Note a)

            Fees                            308               308         308         308          308                     308        1,848
            Other emoluments
             Salaries and other
              benefits                    4,397             3,144            -           -            -                   5,182     12,723
             Contributions to
              retirement benefits
              schemes                       103                30            -           -            -                      31        164

            Total emoluments              4,808             3,482         308         308          308                    5,521     14,735


                                                                        Year ended 31 December 2021


                                                                                                                      Executive
                                                                                                                       Director
                                                                                   Independent                        and chief
                                        Executive Directors                   Non-executive Directors                 executive
                                              (Note b)                               (Note c)                          (Note b)
                                       Chen          Chen              Wu       Fung       Leung       Luo,
                                       Hong           Yan              Chi      Ching,     Chong      Laura             Lam
                                       Bing          Ling             Keung     Simon       Shun       Ying            Kong        Total
                                      RMB’000      RMB’000           RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000                  RMB’000     RMB’000
                                                                     (Note d)  (Note e)                               (Note a)

            Fees                            199               199         152          47          199         199         199        1,194
            Other emoluments
             Salaries and other
              benefits                    3,874             2,964            -           -            -           -       4,311     11,149
             Contributions to
              retirement benefits
              schemes                        84                25            -           -            -           -          30        139
            Total emoluments              4,157             3,188         152          47          199         199        4,540     12,482

            Notes:

            (a)      Mr. Lam Kong is also the chief executive of the Company and his emoluments disclosed above include those for services
                     rendered by him as the chief executive.

            (b)      The executive directors’ emoluments shown above were mainly for their services in connection with the management of the
                     affairs of the Company and the Group.




113   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                      (CONTINUED)
                                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




9.   DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S EMOLUMENTS - continued
     Notes:       - continued

     (c)      The independent non-executive director’s emoluments shown above were mainly for their services as directors of the
              Company.

     (d)      Mr. Wu Chi Keung resigned as the independent non-executive director of the Company on 6 October 2021.

     (e)      Mr. Fung Ching, Simon was appointed as the independent non-executive director of the Company on 6 October 2021.

     There was no arrangement under which a director or the chief executive waived or agreed to waive any
     remuneration during both years.


10. EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS
     The five highest paid individuals for the year ended 31 December 2022 included 3 directors (2021: 3 directors),
     details of whose emoluments are set out in note 9 above. The emoluments of the remaining two (2021: two)
     individuals for the year ended 31 December 2022 were as follows:


                                                                                                     2022                    2021
                                                                                                  RMB’000                 RMB’000
     Employees
      - basic salaries and allowances                                                                 5,689                   4,773
      - equity-settled share-based expense                                                           18,716                  17,156
      - retirement benefits scheme contributions                                                         97                       -

                                                                                                     24,502                  21,929

     The number of the highest paid individuals who are not the directors of the Company whose remuneration fell
     within the following bands is as follows:
                                                                                                 Number of employees
                                                                                                    2022                       2021

     HK$3,500,001 to HK$4,000,000                                                                           1                      1
     HK$22,500,001 to HK$23,000,000                                                                         -                      1
     HK$25,000,001 to HK$26,000,000                                                                         1                      -


     During both years, no emoluments were paid by the Group to the directors or the highest paid individuals
     (including directors and employees) as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for
     loss of office.




                                                                                      CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED            114
                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2022
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




      11. INCOME TAX EXPENSE
                                                                                                     2022                  2021
                                                                                                  RMB’000               RMB’000
            Current tax:
             The PRC Enterprise Income Tax (“EIT”)                                                 330,406               273,738
             Hong Kong Profits Tax                                                                   2,317                   136
             Macau Complementary Income Tax                                                        143,409               151,969
                                                                                                   476,132               425,843
            Under (over) provision in prior years:
             The PRC EIT                                                                             14,450                  2,524
             Macau Complementary Income Tax                                                               -                 (6,744)
                                                                                                     14,450                 (4,220)
            Deferred taxation (note 31):
             - Current year                                                                           (3,927)               9,702
                                                                                                   486,655               431,325


            Notes:

            (a)      The PRC Enterprise Income Tax

                     The provision for PRC Enterprise Income Tax is based on the estimated taxable income for the PRC
                     taxation purposes at the applicable rates for both years.

                     Under the Law of the PRC on Enterprise Income Tax (the “EIT Law”) and Implementation Regulation of
                     the EIT Law, the tax rate of the PRC subsidiaries is 25% except for those described below.

                     天津康哲醫藥科技發展有限公司 (Tianjin Kangzhe Pharmaceutical Technology Development Co., Ltd.)
                     (“Tianjin Kangzhe”) is entitled to a reduced tax rate of 15% (2021: 15%) granted by the local tax authority
                     until 2023. 康 哲 ( 湖 南 ) 制 藥 有 限 公 司 (Kangzhe (Hunan) Medical Co., Ltd.) (“Kangzhe Hunan”) is
                     entitled to a reduced tax rate of 15% (2021: 15%) granted by local tax authority until 2022. 西藏康哲藥
                     業發展有限公司 (Tibet Kangzhe Pharmaceutical Development Co., Ltd ) (“Tibet Kangzhe Development”)
                     is entitled to a reduced tax rate of 9% (2021: 9%) granted by local tax authority until 2025.

            (b)      Hong Kong Profits Tax

                     On 21 March 2018, the Hong Kong Legislative Council passed The Inland Revenue (Amendment) (No. 7)
                     Bill 2017 (the “Bill”) which introduces the two-tiered profits tax rates regime. The Bill was signed into law
                     on 28 March 2018 and was gazetted on the following day. Under the two-tiered profits tax rates regime,
                     the first HK$2 million of profits of the qualifying group entity will be taxed at 8.25%, and profits above
                     HK$2 million will be taxed at 16.5%, while only one entity nominated by a group of “connected” entities
                     will be entitled to select the lower tax rate. The profits of group entities not elected/qualified for the two-
                     tiered profits tax rates regime will continue to be taxed at a flat rate of 16.5%.


115   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     (CONTINUED)
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




11. INCOME TAX EXPENSE - continued
   Notes: - continued

   (b)   Hong Kong Profits Tax - continued

         The directors of the Company considered the amount involved upon implementation of the two-tiered
         profits tax rates regime as insignificant to the consolidated financial statements. Hong Kong Profits Tax
         is calculated at 16.5% of the estimated assessable profit for both years.

   (c)   PRC Withholding Income Tax

         PRC withholding income tax of 10% shall be levied on the dividend declared by the companies
         established in the PRC to their foreign investors out of their profits earned after 1 January 2008. A lower
         5% withholding rate may be applied when the immediate holding company of the PRC subsidiaries
         are incorporated or operated in Hong Kong and fulfil the requirements to the tax treaty arrangements
         between the PRC and Hong Kong.

   (d)   Overseas Income tax

         The company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited liability
         under the Companies Law, Cap.22 of Cayman Islands and accordingly, is exempted from the Cayman
         Islands Income Tax.

   (e)   Macau Complementary Income Tax

         Macau Complementary Income Tax is calculated at the progressive rate on the estimated assessable
         profits. The maximum tax rate is 12% for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.

   (f)   Dubai Tax

         The United Arab Emirates does not have a federal corporate income tax regime. Instead, corporate
         income tax is determined on a territorial basis under the respective Tax Decrees issued by the
         government of each individual Emirate (of which there are seven that make up the United Arab
         Emirates), among which Dubai has no legislation imposing corporate income taxes. On the basis of the
         above, most entities registered in Dubai are currently not required to file corporate tax returns in Dubai,
         regardless of where the business is registered. According to prevailing regulations in Dubai, no income
         tax is imposed on the Company’s subsidiaries in Dubai.




                                                                        CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          116
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




      11. INCOME TAX EXPENSE - continued
            The tax charge for the year can be reconciled to the ‘profit before tax’ per the consolidated statement of profit
            or loss and other comprehensive income as follows:

                                                                                                 2022                 2021
                                                                                              RMB’000              RMB’000

            Profit before tax                                                                3,762,850            3,456,589

            Tax at PRC EIT rate of 25%                                                         940,713              864,147
            Tax effect of share of results of associates                                        (16,265)             (18,838)
            Tax effect of expenses that are not deductible in
             determining taxable profit                                                        100,862               89,572
            Tax effect of income that is not taxable in
             determining taxable profit                                                            (870)              (1,536)
            Tax effect of offshore income that is not taxable in
             determining taxable profit                                                        (94,400)              (88,583)
            Tax effect of tax losses not recognised                                             23,247                 3,400
            Tax effect of deductible temporary differences
             not recognised                                                                       6,838              16,132
            Tax effect of tax concession                                                      (203,779)            (137,190)
            Effect on different applicable tax rates of subsidiaries                          (135,332)            (160,426)
            Effect of taxable profit that is not taxable in Dubai                             (143,256)            (132,222)
            Under provision (over provision) in prior years                                     14,450                (4,220)
            Others                                                                               (5,553)               1,089

            Income tax expense for the year                                                    486,655              431,325




      12. PROFIT FOR THE YEAR
                                                                                                 2022                 2021
                                                                                              RMB’000              RMB’000
            Profit for the year has been arrived at after charging:

            Directors’ remuneration (note 9)
             Fees                                                                                1,848                1,194
             Salaries and other benefits                                                        12,723               11,149
             Contribution to retirement benefits schemes                                           164                  139

                                                                                                14,735               12,482
            Other staff costs                                                                1,189,251            1,032,220
            Equity-settled share-based expense                                                  18,716               17,156
            Contribution to retirement benefits schemes                                        217,691              136,583
            Employee benefits expense (note 41)                                                  5,760                    -

            Total staff costs                                                                1,446,153            1,198,441

            Auditor’s remuneration                                                               4,246                4,058
            Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                       43,310               41,853
            Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                 18,147               13,771
            Amortisation of intangible assets (included in
             cost of goods sold)                                                               165,769              164,196
            Cost of inventories recognised as an expense                                     1,941,753            1,919,419




117   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    (CONTINUED)
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




13. DIVIDENDS
                                                                                      2022                 2021
                                                                                   RMB’000              RMB’000
   Dividends paid

   Dividends recognised as distributions during the year:
    2022 Interim - RMB0.2930 (2021: 2021 Interim dividend
      RMB0.2641) per share                                                          718,645              652,528
    2021 Final - RMB0.2269 (2021: 2020 final dividend
      RMB0.2033) per share                                                          557,594              502,306
                                                                                  1,276,239            1,154,834
   Dividends proposed

   Dividends proposed during the year:
    2022 final - RMB0.2414 (2021: 2021 final
      - RMB0.2269) per share                                                        591,910              557,594


   Subsequent to the end of the reporting period, the Board of Directors have declared a final dividend of
   RMB0.2414 per ordinary share for the year ended 31 December 2022 (2021: RMB0.2269 per ordinary share).


14. EARNINGS PER SHARE
   The calculation of the basic earnings per share attributable to owners of the Company is based on the following
   data:

                                                                                      2022                 2021
                                                                                   RMB’000              RMB’000

   Earnings for the purposes of basic earnings
    per share (profit for the year attributable to
    owners of the Company)                                                        3,258,992            3,017,402

                                                                                Number of ordinary shares
                                                                                  as at 31 December
                                                                                      2022                2021
   Number of shares
   Weighted average number of ordinary shares
    for the purpose of basic earnings per share                              2,453,940,224        2,467,696,556


   The computation of diluted earnings per share for both years did not assume the exercise of put options by
   the non-controlling shareholder of a subsidiary as the exercise of the put option would result in an increase of
   earnings per share for both years.




                                                                        CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         118
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




      15. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                                                                                 Furniture,
                                                                                                  fixtures
                                                         Leasehold    Plant and      Motor           and      Construction
                                          Buildings     improvement   machinery     vehicles    equipment      in progress     Total
                                          RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000
            COST
            At 1 January 2021               322,979          54,221    184,113       34,635        33,808          15,484      645,240
            Additions                         1,810           6,727      1,956        2,272         7,239           3,343       23,347
            Acquired on acquisition
             of a subsidiary                        -             -           -            -            60               -           60
            Disposals                               -             -      (4,186)           -        (4,010)              -       (8,196)
            Transfer                            5,192             -         510            -             -          (5,702)           -

            At 31 December 2021             329,981          60,948    182,393       36,907        37,097          13,125      660,451
            Additions                             9           5,072      5,537           73         7,118             527       18,336
            Acquired on acquisition
             of a subsidiary                        -            -            -            -            26               -           26
            Disposals                               -            -       (2,235)      (3,134)       (2,500)              -       (7,869)
            Transfer                                -           73            -            -           831            (904)           -

            At 31 December 2022             329,990          66,093    185,695       33,846        42,572          12,748      670,944
            ACCUMULATED
             DEPRECIATION
            At 1 January 2021                60,628          13,813     61,221       24,659        10,096                -     170,417
            Provided for the year            13,598           6,173     12,898        4,378          4,806               -      41,853
            Eliminated on disposals               -               -      (2,668)          -         (2,305)              -       (4,973)

            At 31 December 2021              74,226          19,986     71,451       29,037        12,597                -     207,297
            Provided for the year            13,162           7,174     13,643         3,559        5,772                -      43,310
            Eliminated on disposals               -               -      (1,440)      (2,821)         (882)              -       (5,143)

            At 31 December 2022              87,388          27,160     83,654       29,775        17,487                -     245,464
            CARRYING VALUES
            At 31 December 2022             242,602          38,933    102,041         4,071       25,085          12,748      425,480

            At 31 December 2021             255,755          40,962    110,942         7,870       24,500          13,125      453,154



            The above items of property, plant and equipment are depreciated over their estimated useful lives as follows:

            Buildings                                          Over the shorter of the lease terms, or 20/40 years
            Leasehold improvement                              Over the shorter of the lease terms, or 10 years
            Plant and machinery                                5 to 10 years
            Motor vehicles                                     5 years
            Furniture, fixtures and equipment                  5 years

            As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, the Group had no pledged property, plant and equipment to source bank
            borrowing and banking facilities granted to the Group.




119   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    (CONTINUED)
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




16. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS
                                                         Leasehold
                                                           land                 Building            Total
                                                         RMB’000               RMB’000             RMB’000
   As at 31 December 2022
   Carrying amount                                              42,091               27,888               69,979
   As at 31 December 2021
   Carrying amount                                              43,309               33,404               76,713
   For the year ended 31 December 2022
   Depreciation charge                                            1,218              16,929               18,147
   For the year ended 31 December 2021
   Depreciation charge                                            1,196              12,575               13,771


                                                                              Year ended          Year ended
                                                                              31/12/2022          31/12/2021
                                                                               RMB’000             RMB’000

   Expense relating to short-term leases                                             12,340                 7,682

   Total cash outflow for leases                                                     (31,288)             (21,689)

   Additions to right-of-use assets                                                  11,413               33,622


   For both years, the Group leases offices premises and warehouses for its operations. For the year ended 31
   December 2022, lease contracts are entered into for fixed term of 1 year to 5 years (2021: 1 year to 5 years)
   with fixed payment. The Group does not have the option to purchase the leased properties for a nominal
   amount at the end of the relevant lease terms or any extension/termination options which are solely at the
   Group’s discretion. The Group’s obligations are secured by the rental deposits for such leases. Lease terms
   are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. The Group
   determines the lease period to be the non-cancellable period based on the contractual terms of the contract.

   In addition, the Group owns several industrial buildings and office buildings. The Group is the registered owner
   of these property interests, including the underlying leasehold lands. Lump sum payments were made upfront
   to acquire these property interests. The leasehold land components of these owned properties are presented
   separately only if the payments made can be allocated reliably.

   As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, the Group had no pledged right-of-use assets to source ure general
   banking facilities granted to the Group.




                                                                          CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED       120
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2022
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




      16. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS - continued
            The Group regularly entered into short-term leases for offices premises and warehouses. As at 31 December
            2022 and 2021, the portfolio of short-term leases is similar to the portfolio of short-term leases to which the
            short-term lease expense disclosed above.

            All the Group’s leasehold lands represented prepaid land use right, are located in the PRC.


      17. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES
                                                                                                  2022                    2021
                                                                                               RMB’000                 RMB’000
            Cost of investments in associates
             Listed outside Hong Kong                                                         2,304,356               2,304,356
             Unlisted                                                                           299,830                  30,000

            Share of post-acquisition profits and other comprehensive
             income, net of dividends received                                                  422,317                 352,930
            Exchange adjustments                                                                 18,315                       -
                                                                                              3,044,818               2,687,286
            Fair value of listed investment (note)                                            3,326,859               4,849,508


            Note: As at 31 December 2022, the fair value of the Group’s interest in its listed associate, Tibet Rhodiola
                  Pharmaceutical Holding Company (“Tibet Pharmaceutical”), of which its shares are listed on the
                  Shanghai Stock Exchange (the “SSE”), was approximately RMB3,327 million (2021: approximately
                  RMB4,850 million) based on the quoted market price available on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, which
                  is a level 1 input in terms of IFRS 13 Fair Value Measurement.

            As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, details of the associates are as follows:
                                                                                     Proportion of
                                                        Place of      Principal   ownership interest
                                                     establishment/    place of      /voting rights
                     Name of associates              incorporation    business    held by the Group    Principal activities
                                                                                   2022         2021
            Tibet Pharmaceutical (Note a)                Tibet          Tibet     37.36%    37.36% Production of
                                                                                                    medicines and sale
                                                                                                    of drugs

            Shenzhen Kangmai
             Biotechnology Co., Ltd. (formerly
             known as Zhuhai Kangmai
             Biotechnology Co., Ltd.) (Note b)           PRC            PRC       50.00%    50.00% Research and
                                                                                                    development of
                                                                                                    antibodies medicines
            Eye Tech Care (Note c)                      France         France     36.17%      N/A      Research and
                                                                                                        development of
                                                                                                        therapeutic ultrasound
                                                                                                        device



121   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     (CONTINUED)
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




17. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES - continued
   Notes:

   (a)      As the Group is able to exercise significant influence over Tibet Pharmaceutical in both years, it is
            accounted for as an associate of the Group. Included in the cost of investment in Tibet Pharmaceutical
            as at 31 December 2022, there is a goodwill of approximately RMB1,654,481,000 (2021:
            RMB1,654,481,000).

            As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, no impairment indicator on interest in Tibet Pharmaceutical and no
            impairment assessment was carried out.

   (b)      In October 2021, the Group established Shenzhen Kangmai Biotechnology Co., Ltd. (“Shenzhen
            Kangmai”) with an independent third party, Trinomab Biotech Co., Ltd (“Trinomab”). Trinomab is
            responsible for drug discovery and preclinical studies, while the Group is responsible for clinical
            development, registration, and commercialization, etc. Each party owns 50% of equity interest in
            Shenzhen Kangmai, however, the Group appointed one director out of three directors and is able to
            exercise significant influence over Shenzhen Kangmai.

            As at 31 December 2021, no impairment indicator on interest in Shenzhen Kangmai and no impairment
            assessment was carried out.

   (c)      In August 2022, the Group entered into an investment agreement in which the Group acquired 36.17%
            equity interest of Eye Tech Care (“ETC”) for a consideration of EUR34,000,000 (approximately equivalent
            to RMB233,713,000) and the investment was accounted for as an investment in an associate using the
            equity method.

   Summarised financial information of associates

   Summarised financial information in respect of each of the Group’s associates is set out below. The
   summarised financial information below represents amounts shown in the associate’s financial statements
   prepared in accordance with IFRSs. All of these associates are accounted for using the equity method in these
   consolidated financial statements.




                                                                         CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        122
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




      17. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES - continued
            Summarised financial information of associates - continued

            Tibet Pharmaceutical

                                                                                      31.12.2022          31.12.2021
                                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000

            Current assets                                                             2,712,114           2,181,907

            Non-current assets                                                         1,387,298           1,620,749

            Current liabilities                                                       (1,026,205)         (1,109,665)

            Non-current liabilities                                                       (42,436)            (47,970)

                                                                                           2022                2021
                                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000

            Revenue                                                                    2,554,609           2,138,587
            Profit for the year                                                          375,277             213,027
            Other comprehensive income (expense) for the year                             94,398              (29,012)
            Total comprehensive income for the year                                      469,675             184,015
            Dividends received from the associate during the year                         31,305              47,235


            Reconciliation of the above summarised financial information to the carrying amount of the interest in the
            associate recognised in the consolidated financial statements.

                                                                                      31.12.2022          31.12.2021
                                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000

            Net assets of Tibet Pharmaceutical                                         3,030,771           2,645,021
            Non-controlling interests                                                     (19,031)            (14,661)
                                                                                       3,011,740           2,630,360
            Proportion of the Group’s ownership interest in
             Tibet Pharmaceutical                                                        37.36%              37.36%
                                                                                       1,125,186             982,702
            Goodwill                                                                   1,654,481           1,654,481
            Effect of fair value adjustment at acquisition                                32,861              32,861
            Effect of deferred tax relating to fair value adjustment
             at acquisition                                                                (8,215)             (8,215)
            Other adjustments                                                              (6,610)             (4,224)
            Carrying amount of the Group’s interest in Tibet Pharmaceutical            2,797,703           2,657,605



123   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                 (CONTINUED)
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




17. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES - continued
    Summarised financial information of associates - continued

    Shenzhen Kangmai

                                                                              31.12.2022          31.12.2021
                                                                                RMB’000             RMB’000

    Current assets                                                                    732             59,362

    Non-current assets                                                            46,674                     -

    Current liabilities                                                           (16,316)                   -


                                                                                               For the period
                                                                                      from 20 October 2021
                                                                                       (date of incorporation)
                                                                                             to 31 December
                                                                                   2022                 2021
                                                                                RMB’000             RMB’000

    Revenue                                                                              -                   -
    Loss for the year                                                           (154,391)                (638)

    Total comprehensive expense for the year                                    (154,391)                (638)


    Reconciliation of the above summarised financial information to the carrying amount of the interest in the
    associate recognised in the consolidated financial statements.

                                                                              31.12.2022          31.12.2021
                                                                                RMB’000             RMB’000

    Net assets of Shenzhen Kangmai                                                31,090              59,362
    Proportion of the Group’s ownership interest in
     Shenzhen Kangmai                                                            50.00%               50.00%
                                                                                   15,545             29,681
    Unrecognised share of loss of Shenzhen Kangmai                                (11,397)                 -
    Other adjustments                                                               (4,148)                -
    Carrying amount of the Group’s interest in Shenzhen Kangmai                          -            29,681




                                                                      CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED      124
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2022
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




      17. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES - continued
            Summarised financial information of associates - continued

            ETC
                                                                                                           31.12.2022
                                                                                                             RMB’000

            Current assets                                                                                    156,237
            Non-current assets                                                                                  9,494
            Current liabilities                                                                                (30,857)
            Non-current liabilities                                                                            (24,792)

                                                                                                         For the period
                                                                                                       from 12 August
                                                                                                                  2022
                                                                                                   (date of acquisition)
                                                                                                      to 31 December
                                                                                                                  2022
                                                                                                              RMB’000

            Revenue                                                                                                907
            Loss for the year                                                                                   (9,943)
            Other comprehensive expense for the year                                                              (761)
            Total comprehensive loss for the year                                                              (10,704)


            Reconciliation of the above summarised financial information to the carrying amount of the interest in the
            associate recognised in the consolidated financial statements.

                                                                                                           31.12.2022
                                                                                                             RMB’000

            Net assets of ETC                                                                                 110,082
            Proportion of the Group’s ownership interest in ETC                                               36.17%
                                                                                                               39,817
            Goodwill                                                                                          168,075
            Exchange adjustment of Goodwill                                                                    12,271
            Effect of fair value adjustment at acquisition                                                     24,841
            Other adjustments                                                                                   2,111
            Carrying amount of the Group’s interest in ETC                                                    247,115




125   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                              (CONTINUED)
                                                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




18. INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                Exclusive
                                               distribution     Patent           Product
                                                  rights        rights            rights         Others         Total
                                                RMB’000       RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                 (Note a       (Note b)          (Note c)
                                               & Note b(i))
   COST
   At 1 January 2021                            2,111,920       320,431           872,656                 -     3,305,007
   Acquired on acquisition
    of subsidiaries (note 42)                     101,509        38,706                     -        90          140,305
   At 31 December 2021                          2,213,429       359,137           872,656            90         3,445,312
   Transfer from deposits
    paid for acquisition of
    intangible assets                                9,650                -                 -             -        9,650
   Acquired on acquisition
    of subsidiaries (note 42)                        5,248                -                 -      1,597           6,845
   At 31 December 2022                          2,228,327       359,137           872,656          1,687        3,461,807
   AMORTISATION
   At 1 January 2021                              546,326       160,256           276,509             -          983,091
   Charge for the year                            112,380        10,534            41,229            53          164,196
   At 31 December 2021                            658,706       170,790           317,738            53         1,147,287
   Charge for the year                            113,905        10,534            41,228           102           165,769
   At 31 December 2022                            772,611       181,324           358,966           155         1,313,056
   IMPAIRMENT LOSS
   At 1 January 2021
    and 31 December 2021                           24,730        57,598                     -             -       82,328
   Recognised in the year                               -             -                     -             -            -
   At 31 December 2022                             24,730        57,598                     -             -       82,328
   CARRYING VALUES
   At 31 December 2022                          1,430,986       120,215           513,690          1,532        2,066,423
   At 31 December 2021                          1,529,993       130,749           554,918            37         2,215,697

   Notes:

   (a)      Exclusive distribution rights

            (i)    On 9 March 2008, the Group entered into an exclusive distribution agreement and a
                   supplementary agreement (the “XinHuoSu Agreements”) with Tibet Pharmaceutical in connection
                   to a finished drug product (Lyophilized Recombinant Human Brain Natriuretic Peptide) which was
                   distributed in the PRC market under the trade name of XinHuoSu for a term of three years with
                   effect from 1 July 2008 to 30 June 2011.




                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         126
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




      18. INTANGIBLE ASSETS - continued
            Notes: - continued

            (a)   Exclusive distribution rights - continued

                  (i)    - continued

                         Pursuant to the XinHuoSu Agreements, the Group obtained the exclusive distribution right of
                         XinHuoSu for nil consideration and committed to handle the Phase IV clinical trials of XinHuoSu
                         for 2,000 cases in the PRC to meet the drug safety standards set by the China Food and Drug
                         Administration. The drug, XinHuoSu, to be used in the 2,000 case clinical trials would be
                         provided by Tibet Pharmaceutical free of charge. All other costs of the 2,000 case clinical trials
                         should be borne by the Group.

                         In the opinion of the directors of the Company, the Group obtained the exclusive distribution
                         right of XinHuoSu on the basis that the Group should complete the clinical trials of XinHuoSu
                         and would bear all the costs of the clinical trials. Therefore, the costs incurred in clinical trials of
                         approximately RMB4,745,000 were capitalised as an intangible asset.

                         As at 31 December 2011, the exclusive distribution right was fully amortised.

                  (ii)   On 23 August 2012, the Group entered into a product rights transfer agreement with 北 京
                         亞 東 生 物 製 藥 有 限 公 司 (Beijing Yadong Biopharmaceutical Co., Ltd.) (“Beijing Yadong”), an
                         independent third party. According to the Agreement, Tianjin Kangzhe purchased from Beijing
                         Yadong the exclusive distribution rights of three Traditional Chinese Medicinal Products - Yin Lian
                         Qing Gan Ke Li, Xiang Fu Yi Xue Kou Fu Ye, Ma Jiang Jiao Nang (collectively referred to as the
                         “Three Products”) for a term of 20 years with effect from 23 August 2012 at a consideration of
                         RMB33,000,000. Tianjin Kangzhe exclusively promotes and sells the Three Products in the PRC
                         and Beijing Yadong is responsible for the production of the Three Products as required by Tianjin
                         Kangzhe and sells the Three Products exclusively to Tianjin Kangzhe.

                         During the year ended 31 December 2016, as the market base of the Three Products was
                         relatively weak and the actual sales of the Three Products was lower than previously expected,
                         there was an impairment indicator. Management performed an impairment assessment by
                         estimating the recoverable amount of the Three Products. The recoverable amount of the
                         Three Products had been determined from a value in use, based on the expected free cash
                         flow up to the end of the exclusive distribution right at a discount rate of 11%. The recoverable
                         amount of approximately RMB5,850,000 was lower than the carrying amount of approximately
                         RMB25,850,000, an impairment loss of RMB20,000,000 was recognised for the year ended 31
                         December 2016.




127   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                              (CONTINUED)
                                                                                    FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




18. INTANGIBLE ASSETS - continued
   Notes:           - continued

   (a)      Exclusive distribution rights - continued

            (ii)       - continued

                       During the year ended 31 December 2019, the management considered that there is an
                       impairment indicator on the carrying amount of the Three Products as the actual sales of the
                       Three Products was lower than previously expected. Management performed an impairment
                       assessment by estimating the recoverable amount of Three Products. The recoverable amount
                       of the Three products has been determined from a value in use, based on the expected free
                       cash flow up to the end of the exclusive distribution right as at a discount rate of 11% and an
                       impairment loss of RMB4,730,000 was recognised for the year ended 31 December 2019.

                       During the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, management reviews the performance
                       of the Three Products and concludes that there is no indication that the impairment losses
                       previously recognised no longer exist or have decreased.

                       As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, the exclusive distribution rights are fully impaired.

            (iii)      On 26 February 2016, the Group entered into an exclusive license agreement with AstraZeneca
                       AB, an independent third party, pursuant to which AstraZeneca AB granted an exclusive license
                       to the Group for the commercialisation of Plendil (Felodipine Sustained Release Tablet) in the
                       PRC, at a consideration of US$310,000,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB2,029,012,000).
                       US$155,000,000 had been paid in 2016 and the remaining balance of US$155,000,000 had
                       been paid in 2017. As at 31 December 2022, the carrying amount of the exclusive distribution
                       right was approximately RMB1,335,766,000 (2021: RMB1,437,217,000).

                       Under the exclusive license agreement, the Group has agreed to meet certain pre-agreed annual
                       sales target in relation to the sales of Pendil in the PRC for the first three years of the term of the
                       exclusive license agreement from years ended 31 December 2016 to 2018 and the annual sales
                       target of respective years has been met. No additional annual sales target is required under the
                       exclusive license agreement during the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.

                       The expected useful life of the exclusive license right is 20 years.

            (iv)       The Group acquired 100% of equity interest in Luqa Ventures Co., Limited (“Luqa”) on 1 February
                       2021. This included the acquisition of the exclusive agency rights of prescription medical
                       aesthetic products including Aethoxysklerol and other aesthetic medical drugs. The exclusive
                       agency rights were measured at their fair values at the date of acquisition and the valuation of the
                       intangible assets was performed by Vigers Appraisal & Consulting Limited, an independent valuer.




                                                                                 CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           128
                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




      18. INTANGIBLE ASSETS - continued
            Notes:          - continued

            (a)      Exclusive distribution rights - continued

                     (iv)      - continued

                               The fair value of the exclusive agency rights at the date of acquisition was determined based on
                               the royalty rate method by capitalising future royalty income which a market participant would be
                               willing to pay to use the exclusive agency rights for the remaining term of the exclusive agency
                               rights. As at the acquisition date, the exclusive agency rights of prescription medical aesthetic
                               products owned by Luqa amounted to RMB101,509,000. As at 31 December 2022, the carrying
                               amount was approximately RMB79,704,000 (2021: RMB90,880,000).

                               The expected useful lives of the exclusive agency rights are ranging from 2 years to 10 years.

            (b)      Acquisition of exclusive distribution rights and patent rights

                     (i)       The Group acquired 100% of equity interest in Great Move Enterprises Limited (“Great Move”)
                               and 51% of equity interest in Guangxi Kangzhe Guangming Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Kangzhe
                               Guangming”) on 3 April 2011 and 30 April 2011, respectively. This included the acquisition of
                               exclusive distribution rights and patent rights for the sales of several products. The exclusive
                               distribution rights and patent rights were measured at their fair values at the date of acquisition
                               and the valuation of the intangible assets was performed by Vigers Appraisal & Consulting
                               Limited, an independent valuer.

                               The fair value of the patent rights at the date of acquisition was determined based on the royalty
                               rate method by capitalising future royalty income which a market participant would be willing to
                               pay to use the patents for the remaining term of the patent right. The fair value of the exclusive
                               distribution rights at the date of acquisition was determined based on the multi-period excess
                               earnings method by capitalising future cash flows derived from the intangible assets for the
                               remaining term of the distribution rights.

                               As at the acquisition date, the major patent rights owned by Tianjin Kangzhe, the wholly
                               owned subsidiary of Great Move, represented YiNuoShu and ShaDuoLiKa amounting to
                               RMB137,917,000 and RMB8,287,000, respectively and the exclusive distribution rights owned
                               by Tianjin Kangzhe amounted to RMB39,350,000.

                               During the year ended 31 December 2020, the management considers that there is an
                               impairment indicator on the carrying amount of YiNuoShu as there is adverse change in the
                               Group’s market shares in selling YiNuoShu. Therefore, a full impairment loss of RMB57,598,000
                               was recognised for the year ended 31 December 2020.




129   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                          (CONTINUED)
                                                                                   FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




18. INTANGIBLE ASSETS - continued
   Notes:          - continued

   (b)      Acquisition of exclusive distribution rights and patent rights - continued

            (i)       - continued

                      During the year ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, management reviews the performance
                      of YiNuoShu and concludes that there is no indication that the impairment loss previously
                      recognised no longer exist or have decreased.

                      As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, the carrying amounts of patent rights of YiNuoShu and
                      ShaDuoLiKa and exclusive distribution rights owned by Tianjin Kangzhe were nil, nil and nil,
                      respectively.

                      The Group also acquired the exclusive distribution right and patent right of XiDaKang amounting
                      to RMB5,813,000 and RMB7,715,000, respectively through the acquisition of a former subsidiary,
                      Kangzhe Guangming. As at 31 December 2022, the carrying amount of the exclusive distribution
                      right and patent right of XiDaKang were approximately RMB1,597,000 and RMB1,248,000,
                      respectively (2021: RMB1,896,000 and RMB1,478,000).

                      The expected useful lives of the exclusive distribution rights and patent rights are ranging from 1
                      year to 17 years.

            (ii)      On 27 December 2013, the Group entered into a transfer agreement with the shareholders of
                      non-controlling interests of Kangzhe Guangming (the “Sellers”) in connection with the transfer
                      of the patent right of XiDaKang at a consideration of RMB40,000,000. The Sellers, who directly
                      held 49% equity interest of Kangzhe Guangming, agreed to transfer the 49% interest in the
                      patent right of XiDaKang to Kangzhe Hunan, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. The
                      consideration will be settled by the first payment of RMB30,000,000 and annual payment
                      of RMB1,000,000 to the Kangzhe Guangming over the next ten years. The directors of the
                      Company recognised the payable as a deferred consideration payable (see note 30) in the
                      amount of RMB6,145,000 at initial recognition which represents the present value of the annual
                      consideration of RMB1,000,000 over next ten years discounted at 10%. Pursuant to the transfer
                      agreement, the 51% interest in the patent right of XiDaKang was also transferred from Kangzhe
                      Guangming to Kangzhe Hunan. Starting from 27 December 2013, Kangzhe Hunan has replaced
                      Kangzhe Guangming as the patent right owner of XiDaKang. As at 31 December 2022, the
                      carrying amount of the patent right was approximately RMB13,451,000 (2021: RMB15,973,000).

                      The expected useful lives of the patent right is 14 years.




                                                                               CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        130
                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




      18. INTANGIBLE ASSETS - continued
            Notes:           - continued

            (b)      Acquisition of exclusive distribution rights and patent rights - continued

                     (iii)      The Group acquired 100% of equity interest in Kangzhe Lengshuijiang Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
                                (formerly known as Sinopharm Traditional Chinese Medicine Lengshuijiang Pharmaceutical Co.,
                                Ltd.) (“Kangzhe Lengshuijiang”) on 28 February 2013. This included the acquisition of the patent
                                right of GanFuLe. The patent right was measured at their fair values at the date of acquisition and
                                the valuation of the intangible assets was performed by Vigers Appraisal & Consulting Limited, an
                                independent valuer.

                                The fair value of the patent right at the date of acquisition was determined based on the royalty
                                rate method by capitalising future royalty income which a market participant would be willing to
                                pay to use the patents for the remaining term of the patent right. As at the acquisition date, the
                                patent right of GanFule owned by Kangzhe Lengshuijiang amounted to RMB16,005,000.

                                During the year ended 31 December 2016, Kangzhe Lengshuijiang was deregistered and merged
                                with Kangzhe Hunan. The assets and liabilities held by Kangzhe Lengshuijiang were transferred
                                to Kangzhe Hunan at the time of merger and Kangzhe Hunan is responsible for the production of
                                GanFuLe after the merger. As at 31 December 2022, the carrying amount of the patent right of
                                GanFuLe was approximately RMB2,611,000 (2021: RMB3,973,000).

                                The expected useful live of the patent right is 11 years.

                     (iv)       The Group acquired 52.01% of equity interest in Hebei Xinglong Xili Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
                                (“Xili Pharmaceutical”) on 16 February 2015. This included the acquisition of the patent right of
                                DanShenTong. The patent right was measured at their fair values at the date of acquisition and
                                the valuation of the intangible assets was performed by Vigers Appraisal & Consulting Limited, an
                                independent valuer.

                                The fair value of the patent right at the date of acquisition was determined based on the royalty
                                rate method by capitalising future royalty income which a market participant would be willing to
                                pay to use the patents for the remaining term of the patent right. As at the acquisition date, the
                                patent right of DanShenTong owned by Xili Pharmaceutical, amounted to RMB114,489,000.
                                As at 31 December 2022, the carrying amount was approximately RMB64,199,000 (2021:
                                RMB70,619,000).

                                The expected useful live of the patent right is 18 years.




131   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                          (CONTINUED)
                                                                                    FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




18. INTANGIBLE ASSETS - continued
   Notes:         - continued

   (b)      Acquisition of exclusive distribution rights and patent rights - continued

            (v)      The Group acquired 64.81% of equity interest in Shanghai Carnation Medical Technology Co.,
                     Ltd. (“Carnation”) on 8 June 2021. This included the acquisition of the patent right of a medical
                     aesthetic device, FUBA5200 Focused Ultrasound Body Contouring System. The patent right was
                     measured at its fair value at the date of acquisition and the valuation of the intangible assets was
                     performed by Vigers Appraisal & Consulting Limited, an independent valuer.

                     The fair value of the patent right at the date of acquisition was determined based on the royalty
                     rate method by capitalising future royalty income which a market participant would be willing
                     to pay to use the patent right for the remaining term of the patent right. As at the acquisition
                     date, the patent right of the medical aesthetic device owned by Carnation amounted to
                     RMB38,706,000. As at 31 December 2022. The related patent is not yet available for use and
                     are not amortised.

                     The expected useful life of the patent rights is 10 years.

   (c)      Acquisition of product rights

            (i)      On 1 July 2014, the Group entered into a series of agreements related to Stulln with an
                     independent third party, Pharma Stulln GmbH (“Pharma”) in connection with the transfer of
                     all assets related to Stulln for the Chinese market (including Hong Kong and Macau Special
                     Administration Regions (“SAR”)), including but not limited to the right of manufacturing
                     Stulln for the Chinese market, marketing authorisation for the Chinese market and relevant
                     intellectual property rights, including trademark in Chinese characters and know-how of Stulln,
                     and has been licensed the exclusive right to utilise the trademark in English characters, at a
                     consideration of EUR10,000,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB72,317,000). During the
                     year ended 31 December 2014, the residual balance of the exclusive agency right of Stulln of
                     approximately RMB14,625,000 was transferred to product right accordingly. As at 31 December
                     2022, the carrying amount of the product right was approximately RMB43,887,000 (2021:
                     RMB47,703,000).

                     The expected useful life of the product right is 20 years.




                                                                                  CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED     132
                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




      18. INTANGIBLE ASSETS - continued
            Notes:           - continued

            (c)      Acquisition of product rights - continued

                     (ii)       On 17 December 2014, the Group entered into a series of agreements related to Lamisil Tablet
                                and Parlodel Tablet (the “Products”) with two independent third parties, Novartis AG and Novartis
                                Pharma AG, the suppliers of the Products in Switzerland in connection with the transfer of
                                all assets related to the Products, including the drug production license of Lamisil Tablet, co-
                                marketing authorisation in Switzerland and imported drug license in China of Parlodel Tablet,
                                all know-how, books and records, commercial and medical information exclusively to the
                                Products for Chinese market (For Lamisil Tablet, Chinese market refers to Chinese Mainland;
                                For Parlodel Tablet, Chinese market refers to Chinese Mainland and Hong Kong SAR and
                                Taiwan), at a consideration of US$25,000,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB152,972,000).
                                As at 31 December 2022, the carrying amount was approximately RMB97,404,000 (2021:
                                RMB105,521,000).

                                The expected useful life of the product rights is 20 years.

                     (iii)      On 25 March 2015, the Group entered into a series of agreements related to Combizym and
                                Hirudoid (the “Purchased Products”) with an independent third party, DKSH International AG, in
                                connection with the purchase of (i) all trademarks regarding the Purchased Products; (ii) all market
                                authorisations or similar licenses, certificates or approvals regarding the Purchased Products
                                and all rights, benefits or other interests obtained; (iii) the exclusive right and title to develop,
                                manufacture, register, apply for registration, import, market, distribute, sell or otherwise use and/
                                or exploit the Purchased Products; and (iv) all books and records, commercial information and
                                medical information related to the Purchased Products, with respect to Combizym in China,
                                Hong Kong and Switzerland, and certain other designated countries or areas in Asia, and with
                                respect to Hirudoid in China, at a consideration of Swiss Franc (“CHF”) 76,600,000 (equivalent
                                to approximately RMB486,019,000). As at 31 December 2022, the carrying amount was
                                approximately RMB314,717,000 (2021: RMB340,409,000).

                                The expected useful life of the product rights is 20 years.

                     (iv)       On 30 December 2014, the Group entered into an agreement related to Movicol (the “Product”)
                                with an independent third party, Norgine B.V., in connection with the purchase of the right to
                                import, register, market, distribute, promote and sell the Product in the PRC including Hong
                                Kong and Macau (the “Product Right”), at a consideration of EUR9,000,000 (equivalent to
                                approximately RMB72,100,000), and such consideration has been recognised as deposit paid
                                for acquisition of intangible asset as the Product is still under still under approval by the regulatory
                                body. During the year ended 31 December 2019, the commercialisation of the Product has
                                been approved by relevant regulatory body and therefore, the deposit has been transferred to
                                intangible assets as it is probable that the expected future economic benefits that are attributable
                                to the Product Right will flow to the Group. As at 31 December 2022, the carrying amount was
                                approximately RMB57,680,000 (2021: RMB61,285,000).

                                The expected useful life of the product rights is 20 years.


133   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    (CONTINUED)
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




19. GOODWILL
                                                                                                        RMB’000
   COST
   At 1 January 2021                                                                                   1,384,535
   Arising on acquisition of subsidiaries (note 42)                                                      496,644
   At 31 December 2021                                                                                 1,881,179
   Arising on acquisition of subsidiaries (note 42)                                                       34,814
   At 31 December 2022                                                                                 1,915,993
   IMPAIRMENT LOSS
   At 1 January 2021                                                                                     170,000
   Impairment loss recognised during the year                                                             20,000
   At 31 December 2021                                                                                   190,000
   Impairment loss recognised during the year                                                             60,000
   At 31 December 2022                                                                                   250,000
   CARRYING VALUES
   At 31 December 2022                                                                                 1,665,993
   At 31 December 2021                                                                                 1,691,179


   For the purposes of impairment testing, the entire amount of goodwill has been allocated to nine (2021: seven)
   CGUs, representing nine (2021: seven) subsidiaries, namely Tianjin Kangzhe, Kangzhe Hunan, Sky United
   Trading Limited (“Sky United”), Xili Pharmaceutical, Tibet Kangzhe Development, Luqa, Carnation, Xuli and
   Heling (as defined in note 42) (2021: Tianjin Kangzhe, Kangzhe Hunan, Sky United, Xili Pharmaceutical, Tibet
   Kangzhe Development, Luqa and Carnation.). Tianjin Kangzhe is engaged in marketing, promotion and sale
   of drugs. Sky United and Tibet Kangzhe Development are engaged in trading of drugs. Kangzhe Hunan and
   Xili Pharmaceutical are engaged in production of medicines. Luqa and Xuli are engaged in sales of medical
   aesthetic products. Carnation is engaged in research and development and manufacture of energy-based
   medical aesthetic devices. Heling is engaged in research, development and production of skincare products.
   The carrying amounts of goodwill (net of accumulated impairment losses) allocated to these units are as follows:

                                                                                      2022                 2021
                                                                                   RMB’000              RMB’000

   Tianjin Kangzhe                                                                  990,333              990,333
   Kangzhe Hunan                                                                     21,295               21,295
   Sky United                                                                         2,963                2,963
   Xili Pharmaceutical                                                              118,090              178,090
   Tibet Kangzhe Development                                                          1,854                1,854
   Luqa                                                                             460,002              460,002
   Carnation                                                                         36,642               36,642
   Xuli                                                                              30,576                    -
   Heling                                                                             4,238                    -
                                                                                  1,665,993            1,691,179


                                                                        CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         134
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




      19. GOODWILL - continued
            The recoverable amounts of Tianjin Kangzhe, Kangzhe Hunan, Sky United, Xili Pharmaceutical, Tibet Kangzhe
            Development, Luqa, Carnation, Xuli and Heling are determined based on value in use calculations. The key
            assumptions for the value in use calculations are those regarding the discount rates, growth rates and expected
            changes to selling prices and direct costs during the year. Management estimates discount rates using pre-tax
            rates that reflect current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the CGUs.
            The growth rates are based on industry growth forecasts. Changes in selling prices and direct costs are based
            on past performance and expectations of future changes in the market.

            Tianjin Kangzhe

            At 31 December 2022, the impairment review is determined based on cash flow projections which were derived
            from the financial budgets approved by management covering a five-year period, with a discount rate of 13.0%
            (2021: 12.5%). Tianjin Kangzhe’s cash flows beyond the five-year period are extrapolated using a growth rate of
            3% (2021: 3%). This growth rate is based on management’s best estimate and past experience on the industry.

            During the year ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, no impairment loss was recognised.

            Kangzhe Hunan

            At 31 December 2022, the impairment review is determined based on cash flow projections which were
            derived from the financial budgets approved by management covering a five-year period, with a discount rate
            of 12.9% (2021: 12.7%). Kangzhe Hunan’s cash flows beyond the five-year period are extrapolated using a
            growth rate of 3% (2021: 3%). This growth rate is based on management’s best estimate and past experience
            on the industry.

            During the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, no impairment loss was recognised.

            Xili Pharmaceutical

            At 31 December 2022, the impairment review is determined based on cash flow projections which were derived
            from the financial budgets approved by management covering a five-year period, with a discount rate of 14.9%
            (2021: 13.1%). Xili Pharmaceutical’s cash flows beyond the five-year period are extrapolated using a growth rate
            of 3% (2021: 3%). This growth rate is based on management’s best estimate and past experience on the industry.

            During the year 31 December 2022, the directors of the Company further reviewed the carrying amount of the
            CGU of Xili and identified that the recoverable amount of the CGU is less than the carrying amount of assets
            of the CGU. The directors of the Company had consequently determined impairment of goodwill amounted to
            approximately RMB60,000,0000. The impairment loss had been included in “other gains or losses” line item.
            No impairment on other assets of Xili Pharmaceutical was considered necessary. The recoverable amount of
            Xili Pharmaceutical amounted to RMB333,026,000 as at 31 December 2022

            If the discount rate was changed to 15.9% while other parameters remain constant, the recoverable amount
            of Xili Pharmaceutical as at 31 December 2022 would reduce to RMB306,456,000 and a further impairment of
            goodwill of RMB14,269,000 would be recognised.



135   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   (CONTINUED)
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




19. GOODWILL - continued
   Xili Pharmaceutical - continued

   During the year 31 December 2021, there was decline in financial performance of Xili Pharmaceutical for the
   year and expected continuous decline in the forecast period. The directors of the Company had consequently
   determined impairment of goodwill amounted to approximately RMB20,000,000. The impairment loss had
   been included in “other gains or losses” line item. No impairment on other assets of Xili Pharmaceutical was
   considered necessary. The recoverable amount of Xili Pharmaceutical amounted to RMB363,040,000 as at 31
   December 2021.

   If the discount rate was changed to 14.1% while other parameters remain constant, the recoverable amount
   of Xili Pharmaceutical as at 31 December 2021 would reduce to RMB330,856,000 and a further impairment of
   goodwill of RMB16,739,000 would be recognised.

   Luqa

   At 31 December 2022, the impairment review is determined based on cash flow projections which were
   derived from the financial budgets approved by management covering a five-year period, with a discount rate
   of 15.2% (2021: 14.8%). Luqa’s cash flows beyond the five-year period are extrapolated using a growth rate of
   3% (2021: 3%). This growth rate is based on management’s best estimate and past experience on the industry.
   During the year ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, no impairment loss was recognised.

   Carnation

   At 31 December 2022, the impairment review is determined based on cash flow projections which were derived
   from the financial budgets approved by management covering a five-year period, with a discount rate of 25.2%
   (2021: 24.2%). Carnation’s cash flows beyond the five-year period are extrapolated using a growth rate of 3%
   (2021: 2%). This growth rate is based on management’s best estimate and past experience on the industry.
   During the year ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, no impairment loss was recognised.

   Xuli

   At 31 December 2022, the impairment review is determined based on cash flow projections which were
   derived from the financial budgets approved by management covering a five-year period, with a discount rate
   of 14.0%. Xuli’s cash flows beyond the five-year period are extrapolated using a growth rate of 3%. This growth
   rate is based on management’s best estimate and past experience on the industry. During the year ended 31
   December 2022, no impairment loss was recognised.

   The goodwill of Sky United, Tibet Kangzhe Development and Heling was immaterial as at the end of both
   reporting periods. No impairment loss was recognised for both years.




                                                                       CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         136
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




      20. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR
          LOSS/EQUITY INSTRUMENTS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER
          COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
            (a)   Financial assets at FVTPL
                                                                                                2022                 2021
                                                                                             RMB’000              RMB’000
                    Listed investments:
                    Equity securities listed on the Shanghai Stock
                     Exchange (the “SSE”) (Note i)                                                    -                 610

                    Unlisted investments:
                    Capital funds (Note ii)                                                   734,102              382,824
                    Equity securities (Note iii)                                              757,234              594,440

                                                                                            1,491,336              977,264

                    Total                                                                   1,491,336              977,874


                  Notes:

                  (i)       The listed equity investment represents ordinary shares of one entity listed on the SSE. The
                            investment is held for trading and its fair value is based on the quoted market price.

                  (ii)      During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group further invested approximately
                            RMB301,178,000(2021: RMB330,408,000) into various capital funds. As at 31 December 2022,
                            the fair values of these capital funds amounted to RMB734,102,000 (2021: RMB382,824,000),
                            and a gain on change in fair value of RMB50,100,000 (2021: loss of RMB48,532,000) has been
                            recognised in profit and loss.

                            A&B (HK) Company Limited (“A&B”), a company wholly-owned by a controlling shareholder of the
                            Company, also had invested in certain capital funds invested by the Group. As at 31 December
                            2022, the fair values of these capital funds were RMB8,693,000 (2021: RMB6,117,000 )

                  (iii)     During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group invested approximately RMB62,460,000
                            (2021: RMB527,316,000) in unlisted equity investments. As at 31 December 2022, the fair
                            values of the equity investments amounted to RMB757,234,000 (2021: RMB594,440,000), and a
                            gain on change in fair value of RMB100,334,000 (2021: RMB67,124,000) has been recognised in
                            profit and loss.

                            A&B also had equity interest in a certain unlisted equity investment invested by the Group. As at
                            31 December 2022, the fair value of the unlisted equity investment was RMB 3,138,000 (2021:
                            RMB1,767,000)




137   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    (CONTINUED)
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




20. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS/
    EQUITY INSTRUMENTS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER
    COMPREHENSIVE INCOME- continued
   (b)   Equity instruments at FVTOCI
                                                                                     2022                  2021
                                                                                  RMB’000               RMB’000
         Listed investments:
         Equity securities listed on
          London Stock Exchange Plc (the “LSE”) (Note i)                             16,493               39,330
          Euronext N.V. (the “ENV”) (Note ii)                                        38,416               24,239
          New York Stock Exchange (the “NYSE”) (Note iii)                             9,092                    -

                                                                                     64,001               63,569

         Unlisted investments:
         Equity securities (Note iv)                                                233,047              336,902

         Total                                                                      297,048              400,471


         The directors of the Company have elected to designate these investments in equity instruments as at
         FVTOCI as they believe that recognising short-term fluctuations in these investments’ fair value in profit
         or loss would not be consistent with the Group’s strategy of holding these investments for long-term
         purposes and realising their performance potential in the long run.

         (i)     The listed equity investment represents ordinary shares of the following two (2021: two) entities
                 listed on LSE. The investments are denominated in British Pound (“GBP”) and the fair values are
                 based on the quoted market price.

                 (a)   Midatech Pharma Plc (“Midatech”) - the Group invested approximately GBP4,000,000
                       (equivalent to RMB34,705,000) in Midatech during year ended 31 December 2019.

                 (b)   Destiny Pharma Plc (“Destiny”) - the Group first invested approximately GBP 3,000,000
                       (equivalent to RMB 26,291,000) in Destiny during the year ended 31 December 2017.
                       The Group further invested GBP1,000,000 (equivalent to RMB8,435,000) in Destiny during
                       the year ended 31 December 2020.

                 As at 31 December 2022, the fair values of these two equity securities amounted to
                 RMB16,493,000 (2021: RMB39,330,000), and a loss on change in fair value of RMB22,837,000
                 (2021: a fair value gain of RMB6,086,000) has been recognised in other comprehensive income.

                 As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, A&B also had equity interest in Midatech and Destiny.




                                                                        CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         138
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




      20. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS/
          EQUITY INSTRUMENTS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER
          COMPREHENSIVE INCOME- continued
            (b)   Equity instruments at FVTOCI - continued

                  (ii)    The listed equity investment represents ordinary shares of Acticor Biotech (“Acticor”),
                          which became listed on ENV on 1 November 2021. The Group first invested approximately
                          EUR4,000,000 (equivalent to RMB30,607,000) in Acticor during the year ended 31 December
                          2018. The Group further invested EUR 1,000,000 (equivalent to RMB7,595,000) in Acticor during
                          the year ended 31 December 2021. The investment is denominated in EUR and the fair value is
                          based on the quoted market price.

                          As at 31 December 2022, the fair value of the equity investment amounted to RMB38,416,000
                          (2021: RMB24,239,000), and a gain on change in fair value of RMB14,177,000 (2021: a fair value
                          loss of RMB13,963,000) has been recognised in other comprehensive income.

                          As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, A&B also had equity interest in Acticor.

                  (iii)   The listed equity investment represents ordinary shares of Gelesis Holdings, Inc. (“Gelesis”),
                          which became listed on NYSE on 18 January 2022. The Group first invested approximately
                          US$20,000,000 (equivalent to RMB142,633,000) in Gelesis during the year ended 31 December
                          2020. The Group further invested US$ 15,000,000 (equivalent to RMB95,615,000) in Gelesis
                          during the year ended 31 December 2022. The investment is denominated in US$ and the fair
                          value is based on the quoted market price.

                          As at 31 December 2022, the fair value of the equity investment amounted to RMB9,092,000
                          (2021: RMB114,256,000), and a loss on change in fair value of RMB200,780,000 (2021:
                          RMB28,376,000) has been recognised in other comprehensive income.

                  (iv)    The unlisted equity investments represent the Group’s equity interests in the various biotech/
                          pharmaceutical companies.

                          During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group further invested approximately RMB nil
                          (2021: RMB2,606,000) into the unlisted equity investments except Gelesis, which was transferred
                          into listed investment during the year ended 31 December 2022, of which the balance was
                          RMB114,256,000 as at 31 December 2021.

                          As at 31 December 2022, the fair values of the equity investments amounted to RMB233,047,000
                          (2021: RMB336,902,000). The fair values of the above unlisted equity investments were
                          performed by a professional independent valuer. During the years ended 31 December 2022, a
                          gain on change in fair value of RMB13,243,000 (2021: RMB10,938,000) has been recognised in
                          other comprehensive income.

                          A&B also had equity interest in certain unlisted equity investments invested by the Group.


139   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                      (CONTINUED)
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




21. INVENTORIES
                                                                                       2022                  2021
                                                                                    RMB’000               RMB’000

   Raw materials                                                                       9,739                24,993
   Work in progress                                                                   32,243                24,257
   Finished goods                                                                    435,224               423,348
                                                                                     477,206               472,598


22. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES AND PREPAYMENTS
                                                                                       2022                  2021
                                                                                    RMB’000               RMB’000

   Trade receivables                                                               1,451,678             1,405,322
   Less: Allowance for credit losses                                                   (9,643)               (9,533)

                                                                                   1,442,035             1,395,789
   Bills receivables                                                                 269,579               453,350
   Purchase prepayments                                                              211,746               213,125
   Other receivables and deposits                                                    120,584               141,738

                                                                                   2,043,944             2,204,002


   As at 1 January 2021, trade receivables from contracts with customers amounted to RMB1,047,948,000.

   The Group normally allows a credit period ranging from 0 to 90 days to its trade customers, but longer credit
   period up to four months is allowed to some selected customers.

   The following is an analysis of trade receivables by age, net of allowance for credit losses presented based on
   the dates of receipt of goods at the respective reporting dates, which approximate the revenue recognition
   dates and an analysis of bill receivables by age, net of allowance for credit losses, presented based on the bills
   issuance date at the end of the reporting period:

                                                                                       2022                  2021
                                                                                    RMB’000               RMB’000
   Trade receivables
    0 - 90 days                                                                    1,363,828             1,297,684
    91 - 365 days                                                                     57,802                98,105
    Over 365 days                                                                     20,405                     -
                                                                                   1,442,035             1,395,789
   Bill receivables
    0 - 90 days                                                                      185,133               306,457
    91 - 120 days                                                                     31,241                51,281
    121 - 180 days                                                                    53,205                95,612
                                                                                     269,579               453,350


                                                                         CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          140
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




      22. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES AND PREPAYMENTS - continued
            As at 31 December 2022, total bills receivables amounting to RMB269,579,000 (2021: RMB453,350,000) are
            held by the Group. All bills receivables by the Group are accepted by banks with a maturity period of less than
            six months.

            As at 31 December 2022, included in the Group’s trade receivables balance are debtors with aggregate
            carrying amount of RMB95,554,000 (2021: RMB56,942,000) which are past due at the reporting date.
            RMB30,622,000 (2021: RMB30,570,000) was more than 90 days past due and is not considered as in default.
            Based on the historical experiences of the Group, trade receivables past due are generally recoverable due to
            the long term relationship and good repayment record.

            The Group does not hold any collateral over these balances.

            Details of impairment assessment of trade and other receivables as at 31 December 2022 and 2021 are set out
            in note 36.


      23. DEPOSITS PAID FOR ACQUISITION OF INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                                                              2022                 2021
                                                                                           RMB’000              RMB’000

            Deposits paid for acquisition of intangible assets                            1,285,415              790,483


            Note: Included in the Deposits paid for acquisition of intangible assets, mainly approximately
                  RMB394,356,000 (2021: RMB402,223,000), RMB215,307,000 (2021: nil), RMB140,693,000
                  (2021: RMB106,974,000), RMB77,000,000 (2021: nil), RMB40,824,000 (2021: RMB40,824,000),
                  RMB32,625,000 (2021: RMB32,625,000), RMB45,000,000 (2021: RMB30,000,000), RMB33,761,000
                  (2021: nil), RMB27,904,000 (2021: RMB27,904,000), RMB36,000,000 (2021: RMB18,000,000) and
                  RMB13,446,000 (2021: RMB13,446,000), have been paid to Sun Pharmaceutical Industrial Ltd., Incyte
                  , Gelesis Inc., Wuxi App Tec (Shanghai) Co. Ltd., Medac Gesellschaft Fur Klinische Speziallpraparate
                  M.B.H, Cosmo Technologies Ltd, Jiangxi Shimei Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd, YZY Biopharma, Ltd, Cadila
                  Healthcare Limited, Shandong Innovative Drug Research and Development Co., Ltd and Can-Fite
                  BioPharma., respectively. All these companies are independent third parties not connected with the
                  Group. The deposits were paid for certain exclusive distribution/ product rights of medical products to
                  be approved by relevant regulatory bodies for the sales in specific territories.


      24. AMOUNT DUE FROM AN ASSOCIATE
            As at 31 December 2022, the balance of approximately RMB30,000,000 (2021: RMB30,000,000) was non-
            trade nature and non-interest bearing, represented deposit to Tibet Pharmaceutical for exclusive distribution
            right.

            As at 31 December 2022, the balance of approximately RMB328,072,000 (2021: RMB320,036,000) was trade
            nature and non-interest bearing, represented promotion income receivables from Tibet Pharmaceutical. The
            Group allows a credit period of 90 days to Tibet Pharmaceutical. The balance as at 31 December 2022 was
            aged within three months (2021: within three months) based on the invoice date.



141   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   (CONTINUED)
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




25. BANK BALANCES AND CASH
   Cash and cash equivalents/pledged/restricted bank deposits

   Cash and cash equivalents include short term deposits for the purpose of meeting the Group’s short term
   cash commitments, which carry interest at market rates range from 0.30% to 3.40% (2021: 0.30% to 3.40%).
   Included in bank balances are the following amounts denominated in currencies other than functional currency
   of the relevant group entities:

                                                                                     2022                 2021
                                                                                  RMB’000              RMB’000

   Euro (“EUR”)                                                                     26,132                9,566
   Hong Kong Dollar (“HK$”)                                                         47,505               24,398
   United States Dollar (“US$”)                                                    194,890               14,109
   Confederation Helvetica Franc (“CHF”)                                             1,266                2,059
   Great Britain Pound (“GBP”)                                                       1,379                1,802
   Philippines Peso (“PHP”)                                                          1,548                    -
   Singapore Dollar (“SGD”)                                                          2,591                    -


   Details of the impairment of bank balances are set out in note 36.


26. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
   An aging analysis of the trade payables presented based on the invoice date at the end of the reporting periods
   is as follows:

                                                                                     2022                 2021
                                                                                  RMB’000              RMB’000

   0 - 90 days                                                                     164,837              142,639
   91 - 365 days                                                                    11,715                2,757
   Over 365 days                                                                     1,457                  502

   Trade payables                                                                  178,009              145,898
   Payroll and welfare payables                                                    200,360              280,000
   Other tax payables                                                               61,318               38,031
   Accrued promotion expenses                                                       71,273               61,229
   Accrued sales rebates                                                                 -               50,000
   Accruals                                                                         34,743               35,098
   Other payables                                                                   17,491               19,291
                                                                                   563,194              629,547

   The credit period on purchases of goods is ranging from 0 to 120 days.




                                                                        CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        142
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




      27. LEASE LIABILITIES
                                                                                                   2022                  2021
                                                                                                RMB’000               RMB’000
            Lease liabilities payable:

            Within one year                                                                        15,804                16,922
            Within a period of more than one year
             but not more than two years                                                            8,601                10,530
            Within a period of more than two years
             but not more than five years                                                           4,890                 7,280

                                                                                                   29,295                34,732
            Less: Amount due for settlement with 12 months
                   shown under current liabilities                                                (15,804)              (16,922)


            Amount due for settlement after 12 months shown under
             non-current liabilities                                                               13,491                 17,810



      28. CONTRACT LIABILITIES
                                                                                                   2022                  2021
                                                                                                RMB’000               RMB’000

            Receipts in advance from customers - finished goods                                    21,614                23,715


            As at 1 January 2021, contract liabilities amounted to RMB14,406,000.

            The following table shows how much of the revenue recognised in the current year relates to carried-forward
            contract liabilities.
                                                                                           2022                   2021
                                                                                       RMB’000                RMB’000
            Revenue recognised that was included in the contract
             liabilities balance at the beginning of the year                             23,715                14,406


            When the Group receives a deposit from customers before the goods are delivered to and received by the
            customers, this will give rise to contract liabilities at the start of a contract, until the revenue recognised on the
            relevant contract exceeds the amount of the deposit.




143   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                               (CONTINUED)
                                                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




29. BANK BORROWINGS
                                                                                  2022                  2021
                                                                               RMB’000               RMB’000

   Bank loans                                                                 1,783,337             1,677,573

   Analysed as:
   Unsecured                                                                  1,783,337             1,677,573


                                                                                  2022                  2021
                                                                               RMB’000               RMB’000
   The carrying amounts of the above borrowings are repayable*:
    Within one year                                                           1,783,337             1,103,760
    Within a period of more than one year but not
     exceeding two years                                                               -              573,813

                                                                              1,783,337             1,677,573
   Less: Amounts due within one year shown under current
    liabilities                                                               (1,783,337)           (1,103,760)

   Amounts shown under non-current liabilities                                         -              573,813


   *       The amounts due are based on scheduled repayment dates set out in the loan agreements.

   The ranges of effective interest rates (which are also equal to contractual interest rate) on the Group’s
   borrowings and their carrying values are as follows:

                                                                                  2022                  2021
                                                                               RMB’000               RMB’000
   Variable-rate borrowings
    Denominated in HK$ range from 4.87% to 5.30%
     per annum as at 31 December 2022
     (2021: 0.77% to 0.85%) (Note a & c)                                      1,281,886             1,103,760
    Denominated in US$ range from 5.29% to 6.17%
     per annum as at 31 December 2022
     (2021: from 0.80% to 1.46%) (Notes b & c)                                  501,451               573,813

   Total                                                                      1,783,337             1,677,573




                                                                     CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        144
                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2022
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




      29. BANK BORROWINGS - continued
            Notes:

            (a)      Variable rates range from Hong Kong Interbank Offered Rate (“HIBOR”) plus 0.52% to HIBOR plus
                     0.95% as at 31 December 2022 (2021: HIBOR plus 0.62% to HIBOR plus 0.7%).

            (b)      Variable rates range from LIBOR plus 0.7% to LIBOR plus 1.25% as at 31 December 2022 (2021:
                     LIBOR plus 0.7% to LIBOR plus 1.25%).

            (c)      As at 31 December 2022, the Group uses interest rate swaps to minimise its exposure to interest
                     rate movements on the variable-rate bank borrowings of approximately RMB1,113,362,000 (2021:
                     RMB573,813,000). The principal amount of the variable-rate bank borrowings will be repayable on 24
                     March 2023, 27 March 2023 and 25 April 2023 (2021: 24 March 2023 and 27 March 2023). Details of
                     the interest rate swaps are disclosed in note 32.

            As at 31 December 2022, the Group had unutilised banking facilities of approximately RMB2,027,858,000
            (2021: RMB500,000,000).


      30. DEFERRED CONSIDERATION PAYABLES
                                                                                             2022                 2021
                                                                                          RMB’000              RMB’000

            Non-current                                                                         909                  736
            Current                                                                           1,000                2,000
                                                                                              1,909                2,736


            During the year ended 31 December 2013, the Group acquired 49% interest in the patent right of XiDaKang
            for a consideration of RMB40,000,000 (see note 18(b) (ii)). In addition to the first payment of RMB30,000,000,
            further consideration is payable annually of RMB1,000,000 for 10 years commencing on 27 December 2014.
            The present value of the discounted consideration determined based on a discount rate of 10% amounting to
            RMB6,145,000 was accounted for by the Group as deferred consideration payable at initial recognition. As at
            31 December 2022, the carrying value amounting to RMB1,909,000 (2021: RMB2,736,000) was included in
            deferred consideration payables.




145   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                               (CONTINUED)
                                                                                    FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




31. DEFERRED TAX
   The following are the deferred tax assets (liabilities) recognised and movements thereon during the current and
   prior years:
                                                Fair value
                                               adjustments Unrealised             Unrealised
                                                to assets    profit of Fair value profit of
                                   Unrealised    acquired     equity   change on    equity
                                    profits on in business instruments cash flow instruments   Tax
                                  inventories combinations at FVTOCI hedges at FVTPL         losses Others Total
                                   RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000

   At 1 January 2021                 19,587       (22,169)    (63,964)      971              -          -     1,201 (64,374)
   Credit (charge) to profit or
    loss for the year (note 11)         244         3,018            -         -      (27,991)    15,027          -   (9,702)
   Charge to other
    comprehensive income                   -             -           -      (731)            -          -         -    (731)
   Acquisitions of subsidiaries
    (note 42)                              -      (12,469)           -         -             -          -         - (12,469)
   At 31 December 2021               19,831       (31,620)    (63,964)      240       (27,991)    15,027      1,201 (87,276)
   Credit (charge) to profit or
    loss for the year (note 11)       3,247         3,294            -         -        (2,315)     (299)         -    3,927
   Charge to other
    comprehensive income                   -             -           -      (892)            -          -         -    (892)
   Acquisitions of subsidiaries
    (note 42)                              -       (1,711)           -         -             -          -         -   (1,711)
   At 31 December 2022               23,078       (30,037)    (63,964)      (652)     (30,306)    14,728      1,201 (85,952)


   The following is the analysis of the deferred tax assets (liabilities) for financial reporting purposes:

                                                                                              2022                   2021
                                                                                           RMB’000                RMB’000

   Deferred tax assets                                                                        39,007                 36,299
   Deferred tax liabilities                                                                (124,959)              (123,575)
                                                                                             (85,952)               (87,276)

   At 31 December 2022, the Group had unused tax losses of approximately RMB230,012,000 (2021:
   RMB156,276,000) available for offset against future profits. A deferred tax asset has been recognised in
   respect of approximately RMB91,990,000 (2021: RMB93,186,000) of such losses. No deferred tax asset has
   been recognised in respect of the remaining approximately RMB138,022,000 (2021: RMB63,090,000) due to
   the unpredictability of future profit streams. Included in unrecognised tax losses at 31 December 2022 are tax
   losses of approximately RMB44,937,000 (2021: RMB29,189,000) that will expire within 5 years from the year of
   originating. Other tax losses may be carried forward indefinitely. During the year ended 31 December 2022, tax
   losses of approximately RMB907,000 (2021: RMB1,063,000) was expired.




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED              146
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2022
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




      31. DEFERRED TAX - continued
            As at 31 December 2022, the Group had deductible temporary differences of RMB823,027,000 (2021:
            RMB782,687,000) available for offsetting against future profits. A deferred tax asset has been recognised in
            respect of RMB92,312,000 (2021: RMB79,324,000) of such deductible temporary difference. No deferred tax
            asset has been recognised in respect of the remaining balance of RMB730,715,000 (2021: RMB703,363,000)
            as it is not probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences can
            be utilised.

            Under the EIT Law, withholding tax is imposed on dividends declared in respect of profits earned by the PRC
            subsidiary, from 1 January 2008 onwards. Deferred taxation has not been provided for in the consolidated
            financial statements in respect of temporary differences attributable to accumulated profits of the PRC
            subsidiaries amounting to RMB8,190,285,000 (2021: RMB7,077,285,000) as the Group is able to control the
            timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that the temporary differences will not
            reverse in the foreseeable future.


      32. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
                                                                                                2022                  2021
                                                                                             RMB’000               RMB’000
            Assets:
            Foreign exchange forward contracts                                                  33,120                     -
            Derivative under hedging accounting
             - Cash flow hedges - interest rate swaps                                            8,901                     -
                                                                                                42,021                     -
            Analysed as:
             Current assets                                                                     42,021                     -
             Non-current assets                                                                      -                     -
                                                                                                42,021                     -
            Liabilities:
            Foreign exchange forward contracts                                                     (562)              (9,332)
            Derivative under hedging accounting
             - Cash flow hedges - interest rate swaps                                                 -               (1,959)
                                                                                                   (562)             (11,291)
            Analysed as:
             Current liabilities                                                                  (562)                    -
             Non-current liabilities                                                                   -             (11,291)
                                                                                                   (562)             (11,291)

            Foreign exchange forward contracts

            The Group uses foreign exchange forward contracts to minimise its exposure to exchange rate change on its
            bank borrowings. The foreign exchange forward contracts and the corresponding bank borrowings have the
            same principal amounts and maturity dates. Major terms of the foreign exchange forward contracts as at 31
            December 2022 and 2021 are set out below:


147   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                      (CONTINUED)
                                                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




32. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
   Foreign exchange forward contracts - continued

   At 31 December 2022

   Notional amount                                 Maturity date                    Exchange rate range agreed

   US$32,000,000                                  20 March 2023                    US$1: RMB6.3795 to RMB6.60
   US$40,000,000                                  23 March 2023                     US$1: RMB6.69 to RMB7.40
   HK$685,000,000                                  25 April 2023                   HK$1: RMB0.845 to RMB0.88
   HK$750,000,000                               7 September 2023                        HK$1: RMB0.8910

   At 31 December 2021

   Notional amount                                 Maturity date                    Exchange rate range agreed

   US$40,000,000                                 23 March 2023                      US$1:RMB6.69 to RMB7.40
   US$5,000,000                                  23 March 2022                      US$1:RMB6.69 to RMB7.40
   US$5,000,000                                21 September 2022                    US$1:RMB6.69 to RMB7.40

   During the year ended 31 December 2022, the fair value gain of approximately RMB41,889,000 (2021: the fair
   value loss of RMB10,063,000) has been recognised in “other gains and losses” line item (see note 7).

   Interest rate swaps

   The Group uses interest rate swaps to minimise its exposure to interest rate movements on its variable-rate
   bank borrowings. The interest rate swaps and the corresponding bank borrowings have the same terms, such
   as principal amounts, interest rate spread, start dates, repayment data, maturity and counterparties, and the
   directors of the Company consider that the interest rate swaps are highly effective hedging instruments. Major
   terms of the interest rate swaps as at 31 December 2022 and 2021 are set out below:

   At 31 December 2022

                            Assets at
     Notional amount     carrying amount     Contract date         Maturity date       Receive             Pay
          (Note)


   US$40,000,000          RMB2,373,000      27 March 2020          24 March 2023     LIBOR + 0.7%         1.74%
   US$32,000,000          RMB2,224,000      27 March 2020          27 March 2023    LIBOR + 1.25%         1.89%
   HK$685,000,000         RMB4,304,000       25 April 2022         25 April 2023    HIBOR + 0.52%         2.35%

   At 31 December 2021

                           Liabilities at
     Notional amount     carrying amount     Contract date         Maturity date       Receive             Pay
          (Note)

   US$50,000,000          RMB1,838,000      27 March 2020          24 March 2023     LIBOR + 0.7%         1.74%
   US$40,000,000          RMB121,000        27 March 2020          27 March 2023    LIBOR + 1.25%         1.89%


   Note: The notional amount will be expired on 24 March 2023, 27 March 2023 and 25 April 2023 (2021: 24
         March 2023 and 27 March 2023), which are the same as corresponding bank borrowings.

                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED    148
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




      32. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
            Interest rate swaps - continued

            The fair values of interest rate swaps are measured at the present value of future cash flows estimated
            and discounted based on the applicable yield curves derived from quoted interest rates. All of the
            above interest rate swaps are designated and effective as cash flow hedges. During the year ended
            31 December 2022, the fair value gain of approximately RMB10,861,000 (2021: fair value gain of
            approximately RMB3,929,000), income tax of approximately RMB892,000 (2021: RMB731,000),
            resulting in a net amount of approximately RMB9,969,000 (2021: RMB3,198,000) have been recognised
            in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity and are expected to be released to profit or
            loss at various dates during the lives of the swaps when the hedged interest expense is recognised in
            profit or loss.


      33. SHARE CAPITAL
                                                                                         Number of
                                                                                            shares              Amount
                                                                                              ‘000             RMB’000
            Ordinary shares of US$0.005 each
            Authorised
            At 1 January 2021, 31 December 2021 and
             31 December 2022                                                           20,000,000              765,218
            Issued and fully paid
            At 1 January 2021                                                            2,470,761               84,634
            Shares repurchased and cancelled (Note)                                         (13,317)               (457)
            At 31 December 2021                                                          2,457,444               84,177
            Shares repurchased and cancelled (Note)                                          (5,455)               (186)
            At 31 December 2022                                                          2,451,989               83,991


            Note: During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Company repurchased its own ordinary shares through
                  The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited as follows:

                                               No. of ordinary
                                                 shares of                 Price per share                Aggregated
            Month of repurchase                US$0.005 each              Highest    Lowest            consideration paid
                                                                           HK$        HK$                    HK$
            March 2022                                130,000              11.34     11.04                    1,447,520
            April 2022                              3,600,000              11.90     10.46                   40,227,820
            May 2022                                1,000,000              11.16     10.64                   10,976,200
            September 2022                            545,000              9.84      9.22                     5,147,640
            October 2022                              180,000               9.08      8.90                    1,616,220
            Total                                   5,455,000                                                59,415,400




149   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    (CONTINUED)
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




33. SHARE CAPITAL - continued
   During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Company repurchased its own ordinary shares through The
   Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited as follows:

                                      No. of ordinary
                                        shares of                Price per share                 Aggregated
    Month of repurchase               US$0.005 each             Highest    Lowest             consideration paid
                                                                 HK$        HK$                     HK$

    August 2021                             2,190,000            15.62      14.60                     32,748,420
    September 2021                          4,435,000            15.10      14.04                     65,378,180
    November 2021                           6,692,000            13.18      12.48                     85,472,060
    Total                                  13,317,000                                               183,598,660

   The above ordinary shares were cancelled upon repurchase.

   Save as disclosed above, none of the Company’s subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the
   Company’s listed securities during the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.


34. RESERVES
   Capital reserve

   Capital reserve resulted from transactions between the Group and its shareholders. It mainly represents
   equity shares of Shenzhen Kangzhe granted by Mr. Lam Kong, a director and former shareholder of Shenzhen
   Kangzhe, to certain employees for their services rendered in prior year, rights granted by Mr. Lam Kong to
   certain employees to receive cash at a pre-determined formula for their services rendered in prior year, waiver
   of an advance to the Company by Mr. Lam Kong in 2006, discount on acquisitions of additional interest in
   subsidiaries from Mr. Lam Kong in 2004 and 2005, the difference between the transfer of the entire interest in
   Shenzhen Kangzhe to Sino Talent Limited (“Sino Talent”) pursuant to the group restructuring in 2005 and the
   nominal value of Shenzhen Kangzhe’s share capital, and difference between the par value of shares issued
   by the Company for the entire interest in CMS International Limited (“CMS International”) and Healthlink
   Consultancy Inc. (“Healthlink”) pursuant to the group reorganisation in 2006 and the nominal value of the issued
   share capital of CMS International and Healthlink in preparation for the listing of the Company’s shares. The
   balance was reduced by the capitalisation issue in 2007. The equity shares and rights granted by Mr. Lam
   Kong to certain employees had been terminated on or before 2006.

   On 19 April 2010, the Group acquired an additional interest in Sky United. An amount of approximately
   RMB15,026,000, representing the excess of the fair value of the new ordinary shares issued by the Company
   over the decrease in the carrying value of the non-controlling interest is charged to capital reserve.

   During the year ended 31 December 2010, a deemed distribution to a shareholder was charged to capital
   reserve in respect of expenses incurred for a shareholder during the initial public offering exercise by the
   Company.




                                                                         CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        150
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




      34. RESERVES - continued
            Surplus reserve fund

            Articles of Association of the Group’s subsidiaries established in the PRC require the appropriation of certain
            percentage of their profit after taxation each year to the surplus reserve fund until the balance reaches 50%
            of the registered capital of the relevant subsidiaries. In normal circumstances, the surplus reserve fund shall
            only be used for making up losses, capitalisation into registered capital and expansion of the subsidiaries’
            production and operation. For the capitalisation of surplus reserve fund into registered capital, the remaining
            amount of such reserve shall not be less than 25% of the registered capital.


      35. CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT
            The Group manages its capital to ensure that the group entities will be able to continue as a going concern
            while maximising the return to stakeholders through the optimisation of the debt and equity balance. The
            Group’s overall strategy remains unchanged from prior year. The capital structure of the Group consists of cash
            and cash equivalents, bank borrowings, obligation arising from put options and equity attributable to owners of
            the Company, comprising issued share capital and reserves including accumulated profits.

            The directors of the Company review the capital structure on a regular basis. As part of this review, the directors
            consider the cost of capital and the risks associated with each class of capital. Based on recommendations of
            the directors, the Group will balance its overall capital structure through the payment of dividends, new share
            issues and share buy-backs.


      36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
            Categories of financial instruments
                                                                                                 2022                 2021
                                                                                              RMB’000              RMB’000
            Financial assets
            Derivative financial instruments
             - foreign exchange forward contracts                                               33,120                      -
            Derivative instruments under hedge accounting
             (cash flow hedges-interest rate swaps)                                              8,901                     -
            Financial assets at amortised cost                                               6,636,814             5,758,531
            Equity instruments at FVTOCI                                                       297,048               400,471
            Financial assets at FVTPL                                                        1,491,336               977,874
            Financial liabilities
            At amortised cost                                                                (2,344,879)          (2,277,911)
            Derivative financial instruments
             - foreign exchange forward contracts                                                  (562)               (9,332)
            Derivative instruments under hedge accounting
             (cash flow hedges-interest rate swaps)                                                    -               (1,959)




151   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                          (CONTINUED)
                                                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
   Financial risk management objectives and policies

   The Group’s major financial instruments include financial assets at FVTPL, equity instruments at FVTOCI,
   trade and other receivables, loan receivable, amount due from an associate, derivative financial instruments,
   bank balances and cash, trade and other payables, lease liabilities, bank borrowings, deferred consideration
   payables and obligation arising from put options. Details of these financial instruments are disclosed in the
   respective notes. The risks associated with these financial instruments include market risk (interest rate
   risk, foreign currency risk and other price risk), credit risk, liquidity risk and risks arising from the interest rate
   benchmark reform. The policies on how to mitigate these risks are set out below. The management manages
   and monitors these exposures to ensure appropriate measures are implemented on a timely and effective
   manner.

   Market risk

   Interest rate risk management

   The Group is exposed to fair value interest rate risk in relation to lease liabilities (see note 27) and obligation
   arising from put options (see note 42). The Group is also exposed to cash flow interest rate risk in relation to
   variable-rate bank balances (see note 25) and variable-rate bank borrowings (see note 29). The Group’s cash
   flow interest rate risk is mainly concentrated on the fluctuation of interest rates at HIBOR and LIBOR arising
   from the Group’s HK$ and US$ denominated borrowings. The Group aims at keeping borrowings at fixed rates.
   In order to achieve this result, the Group entered into interest rate swaps to hedge against its exposures to
   changes in cash flow of the LIBOR and HIBOR bank borrowings. The critical terms of these interest rate swaps
   are similar to those of hedged borrowings. These interest rates swaps are designated as effective hedging
   instruments and hedge accounting is used (see note 32).

   A fundamental reform of major interest rate benchmarks is being undertaken globally, including the replacement
   of some interbank offered rates (“IBORs”) with alternative nearly risk-free rates. Details of the impacts on the
   Group’s risk management strategy arising from the interest rate benchmark reform and the progress towards
   implementation of alternative benchmark interest rates are set out under “interest rate benchmark reform” in
   this note.

   Interest income of RMB105,515,000 was earned (2021: RMB81,853,000) from financial assets that are
   measured at amortised cost (including cash and cash equivalents) for the year ended 31 December 2022.

   Interest expense of RMB49,086,000 was incurred (2021: RMB28,270,000) on financial liabilities not measured
   at fair value through profit or loss that are measured at amortised cost for the year ended 31 December 2022.

   Sensitivity analysis

   The directors of the Company consider that the interest rate risk in relation to bank balances is not significant as
   the fluctuation of the interest rates on bank balances is minimal and therefore, bank balances are not included
   in the sensitivity analysis.




                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED            152
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




      36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
            Financial risk management objectives and policies - continued

            Market risk - continued

            Sensitivity analysis - continued

            The sensitivity analyses below have been determined based on the exposure to interest rates, including
            derivatives which are designated as effective hedging instruments at the end of the reporting period. The
            analysis is prepared assuming the financial instruments outstanding at the end of the reporting period were
            outstanding for the whole year. A 50 basis point (2021: 50 basis point) increase or decrease in variable-
            rate bank borrowings and interest rate swaps designed to hedge cash flow interest rate risk are used when
            reporting interest rate risk internally to key management personnel and represents management’s assessment
            of the reasonably possible change in interest rates.

            If interest rates had been 50 basis points (2021: 50 basis points) higher/lower and all other variables were
            held constant, the Group’s post-tax profit for the year ended 31 December 2022 would decrease/increase by
            RMB2,797,000 (2021: RMB4,139,000). This is mainly attributable to the Group’s exposure to interest rates on
            certain of its HIBOR bank borrowings

            Foreign currency risk management

            Some subsidiaries of the Company have foreign currency purchases, which expose the Group to foreign
            currency risk. Approximately 53% (2021: 44%) of the Group’s purchases are denominated in currencies
            other than the functional currencies of the group entities making the purchase. All sales of the Group are
            denominated in functional currency of the group entities making the sale. Management conducts periodic
            review of exposure and settlements of various currencies, and will consider hedging significant foreign currency
            exposures should the need arise.

            The carrying amounts of the Group’s foreign currency denominated monetary assets (representing financial
            assets at FVTPL, trade and other receivables, loan receivable and bank balances and cash) and monetary
            liabilities (representing trade and other payables, deferred consideration payables and bank borrowings) at the
            reporting date are as follows:

                                                                 Assets                            Liabilities
                                                               2022              2021             2022              2021
                                                            RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000

            US$                                             1,141,327          519,361           503,832           578,364
            EUR                                                40,827           19,167             7,268            30,781
            GBP                                                11,988            8,827                 -                 -
            HK$                                                63,196           26,007         1,281,886         1,103,760
            CHF                                                 5,090            3,803             1,332                 -
            PHP                                                 1,548                -                 -                 -




153   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                      (CONTINUED)
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
   Financial risk management objectives and policies - continued

   Market risk - continued

   Foreign currency risk management - continued

   The Group is mainly exposed to currency risk of the US$, Eur, GBP, HK$ and CHF. The following table details
   the Group’s sensitivity to a 5% (2021: 5%) increase and decrease in the functional currencies of the relevant
   group entities against the relevant foreign currencies. The sensitivity analysis includes only outstanding foreign
   currency denominated monetary items and adjusts their translation at the end of the reporting period for a
   5% (2021: 5%) change in foreign currency rates. The sensitivity analysis includes financial assets at FVTPL,
   derivative financial instruments, loan receivable, bank balances, trade and other payables, bank borrowings
   and deferred consideration payables of which the foreign currency exposures are not hedged with hedging
   instruments. A positive/negative number below indicates an increase/decrease in post-tax profit for the year
   where the functional currencies of the relevant group entities strengthen 5% (2021: 5%) against the relevant
   foreign currencies. If there is a 5% (2021: 5%) weakening in functional currencies of the relevant group entities
   against the relevant foreign currencies, there would be an equal and opposite impact on the profit for the year:

                                                                                       2022                  2021
                                                                                    RMB’000               RMB’000
   RMB (as functional currency of the
    relevant group entities) against US$                                              (23,906)               2,213
   RMB (as functional currency of the
    relevant group entities) against EUR                                                (1,258)                436
   RMB (as functional currency of the
    relevant group entities) against GBP                                                  (450)                (331)
   RMB (as functional currency of the
    relevant group entities) against HK$                                               45,701               40,416
   RMB (as functional currency of the
    relevant group entities) against CHF                                                  (141)                (143)
   RMB (as functional currency of the
    relevant group entities) against PHP                                                   (58)                    -


   In management’s opinion, the sensitivity analysis is unrepresentative of the inherent foreign exchange risk as the
   year end exposure at the end of the reporting period does not reflect the exposure during both years.

   Other price risk management

   The Group is exposed to equity price risk through its investments in equity securities. The Group’s equity price
   risk is mainly concentrated on equity instruments operating in pharmaceutical industry sector quoted in the
   LSE, ENV and NYSE.




                                                                         CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          154
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




      36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
            Financial risk management objectives and policies - continued

            Market risk - continued

            Other price risk management - continued

            Sensitivity analysis

            The following details the Group’s sensitivity to a 10% (2021: 10%) increase and decrease in the quoted market
            price of the equity securities. 10% (2021: 10%) is the sensitivity rate used when reporting other price risk
            internally to key management personnel and represents management’s assessment of the reasonably possible
            change in the quoted market price of the equity securities measured at FVTOCI. If there is a 10% (2021:10%)
            higher/lower in the quoted market price of the equity securities, the other comprehensive income would be
            increased/decreased by RMB6,400,000(2021: RMB6,357,000)

            The management considers that the other price risk in respect of financial asset at FVTPL is minimal due to the
            insignificant balance as at 31 December 2022 and 2021.

            Credit risk and impairment assessment

            Credit risk refers to the risk that the Group’s counterparties default on their contractual obligations resulting in
            financial losses to the Group. The Group’s credit risk exposures are primarily attributable to trade and other
            receivables, bank balances amount due from an associate and loan receivables. The Group does not hold any
            collateral or other credit enhancements to cover its credit risks associated with its financial assets.

            In order to minimise the credit risk, management of the Group has delegated a team responsible for
            determination of credit limits and credit approvals. Before accepting any new customer, the Group assess
            the potential customer’s credit quality and defines credit limits by customer. Limits attributed to customers
            are reviewed once a year. Other monitoring procedures are in place to ensure that follow-up action is taken
            to recover overdue debts. In this regard, the directors of the Company consider that the Group’s credit risk
            is significantly reduced. In addition, the Group performs impairment assessment under ECL model on trade
            balances individually or based on provision matrix based on share credit risk characteristics by reference to
            repayment history for recurring customers and current past due exposure for the new customers.

            Except for the derivative financial instruments, financial assets at FVTPL and equity instruments at FVTOCI, the
            Group performed impairment assessment for financial assets and other items under ECL model.




155   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                      (CONTINUED)
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
   Financial risk management objectives and policies - continued

   Credit risk and impairment assessment - continued

   Trade receivables arising from contracts with customers

   Before accepting any new customer, the Group uses an internal credit scoring system to assess the potential
   customer’s credit quality and defines credit limits by customer. Limits and scoring attributed to customers
   are reviewed every year. Other monitoring procedures are in place to ensure that follow-up action is taken to
   recover overdue debts. The Group only accepts bills issued or guaranteed by reputable PRC banks, if trade
   receivables are settled by bills and therefore the management of the Group considers the credit risk arising from
   the endorsed or discounted bills is insignificant.

   The Group’s concentration of credit risk by geographical locations is mainly in the PRC, which almost
   accounted for 100% (2021: 100%) of the total trade receivables as at 31 December 2022. In order to minimise
   the credit risk, the management of the Group has delegated a team responsible for determination of credit
   limits and credit approvals.

   In addition, the Group performs impairment assessment under ECL model on trade balances individually
   or based on provision matrix. Except for credit-impaired trade receivables, the remaining trade receivables
   are grouped under a provision matrix based on shared credit risk characteristics by reference to repayment
   histories for recurring customers and current past due exposure for new customers and forward looking
   information. Impairment of RMB45,000 (2021: RMB381,000) is recognised for the year ended 31 December
   2022. Details of the quantitative disclosures are set out below in this note.

   Bank balances

   Credit risk on bank balances is limited because the counterparties are reputable banks with high credit ratings
   assigned by international credit agencies. The Group assessed 12m ECL for bank balances by reference
   to information relating to probability of default and loss given default of the respective credit rating grades
   published by external credit rating agencies. Based on this, the 12m ECL on bank balances is considered to be
   insignificant.

   Amount due from an associate

   The Group regularly monitors the business performance of the associate. The Group’s credit risk in this balance
   is mitigated through the value of the assets held by this entity and the power to participate in the financial and
   operating policy decision of this entity. The Group assessed the loss allowance for trade related balance with
   the associate on lifetime ECL basis and non-trade related balance with the associate on 12m ECL basis. The
   Group performs impairment assessment under ECL model on this trade balance individually and the directors
   of the Company believe that there are no significant increases in credit risk at the reporting date of these
   amounts and the trade receivables due from the associate have been subsequently settled. For the years
   ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, the Group assessed the ECL for amount due from an associate to be
   insignificant and thus no loss allowance was recognised.


                                                                         CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          156
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




      36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
            Financial risk management objectives and policies - continued

            Credit risk and impairment assessment - continued

            Other receivables and deposits

            For other receivables and deposits, the directors of the Company make periodic individual assessment on the
            recoverability of other receivables and deposits based on historical settlement records, past experience, and
            also quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable and forward-looking information
            available without undue costs or effort. The directors of the Company believe that there are no significant
            increase in credit risk at the reporting date of these amounts and most of the other receivables have been
            subsequently settled. For the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, the Group assessed the ECL for
            other receivables and deposits to be insignificant and thus no loss allowance for credit losses was recognised.

            Loan receivable

            The Group has a policy for assessing the impairment on loans receivables on individual basis. These debtors
            include a supplier of the Group and an entity in which the Group has invested in its equity interest and
            accounted for as equity instrument at fair value through other comprehensive income. The ECL rates are
            estimated based on the credit quality classification and forward-looking information, including but not limited to
            the financial status of each borrower.

            Based on assessment by the management, the probability of default is low and the management considers the
            ECL for loan receivables is insignificant and therefore no loss allowance was recognised.

            The Group’s internal credit risk scoring assessment comprises the following categories:

            Internal                                                                                        Other
            credit rating     Description                                          Trade receivables        financial assets

            Normal risk       The counterparty has either a low risk of default     Lifetime ECL -           12m ECL
                              and does not have any past-due amounts or             not credit-impaired
                              frequently settles after due dates but usually
                              settle in full

            Doubtful          There have been significant increases in credit       Lifetime ECL -           Lifetime ECL -
                              risk since initial recognition through information    not credit-impaired      not credit-impaired
                              developed internally or external resources

            Loss              There is evidence indicating the asset is credit-     Lifetime ECL -           Lifetime ECL -
                              impaired                                              credit-impaired          credit-impaired

            Write-off         There is evidence indicating that the debtor is       Amount is written off    Amount is written off
                              in severe financial difficulty and the Group has
                              no realistic prospect of recovery




157   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                   (CONTINUED)
                                                                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
   Financial risk management objectives and policies - continued

   Credit risk and impairment assessment - continued

   The tables below detail the credit risk exposures of the Group’s financial assets, which are subject to ECL
   assessment:


                                                     Internal
                                                       credit           12m or                 2022                    2021
                                             Notes    rating        lifetime ECL       Gross carrying amount   Gross carrying amount
                                                                                       RMB’000       RMB’000   RMB’000       RMB’000

   Financial assets at amortised cost

   Trade receivables                          22     Note 1         Lifetime ECL -
                                                                not credit-impairment
                                                                  Provision matrix    1,445,612           1,399,321
                                                      Loss         Credit-impaired        6,066 1,451,678     6,001 1,405,322

   Bills receivables (Note 2)                 22     Low risk        12m ECL            269,579                 453,350

   Amount due from an
    associate (Notes 2 and 3)                 24     Low risk        12m ECL             30,000                  30,000

                                                                  Lifetime ECL -
                                                                Not credit-impaired     328,072     358,072     320,036     350,036

   Bank balances (Note 2)                     25     Low risk        12m ECL          4,376,376                3,385,739

   Other receivables and deposits (Note 2)    22     Low risk        12m ECL            120,584                 141,738

   Loan receivable (Note 2)                          Low risk        12m ECL             70,168                  31,879


   Notes:

   (1)      For trade receivables, the Group has applied the simplified approach in IFRS 9 to measure the loss
            allowance at lifetime ECL. Except for credit-impaired balances, the Group determines the expected
            credit losses on these items by using a provision matrix, grouped by internal credit rating.

            Provision matrix - internal credit rating

            As part of the Group’s credit risk management, the Group applies internal credit rating for its customers.
            The following table provides information about the exposure to credit risk for trade receivables which
            are assessed based on provision matrix as at 31 December 2022 and 2021 within lifetime ECL (not
            credit-impaired). Debtors with credit-impaired with gross carrying amount of RMB6,066,000 as at 31
            December 2022 (2021: RMB6,001,000) were assessed individually.




                                                                                      CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED            158
                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2022
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




      36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
            Financial risk management objectives and policies - continued

            Credit risk and impairment assessment - continued

            Notes:      - continued

               (1)      - continued

                     Gross carrying amount

                                                                         2022                                    2021
                                                             Average           Trade                  Average         Trade
                     Internal credit rating                  loss rate      receivables              loss rate     receivables
                                                                             RMB’000                                RMB’000

                     Normal risk                                  0.2%          1,391,932              0.1%         1,313,638
                     Doubtful                                     2.7%             53,680              2.0%            85,683
                                                                                1,445,612                           1,399,321

                     The estimated loss rates are estimated based on historical observed default rates over the expected life
                     of the debtors and are adjusted for forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or
                     effort. The grouping is regularly reviewed by management to ensure relevant information about specific
                     debtors is updated.

                     During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group provided RMB45,000 (2021: RMB381,000)
                     impairment allowance for trade receivables based on provision matrix. Impairment allowance of
                     RMB65,000 (2021: RMB924,000) were made on credit-impaired debtors.

                     The following table shows the movement in lifetime ECL that has been recognised for trade receivables
                     under the simplified approach.

                                                                  Lifetime ECL              Lifetime ECL
                                                                   (not credit-                (credit-
                                                                    impaired)                impaired)                   Total
                                                                   RMB’000                   RMB’000                    RMB’000

                     As at 1 January 2021                                 3,151                   5,077                   8,228
                     Impairment losses recognised                           381                     924                   1,305
                     As at 31 December 2021                               3,532                   6,001                   9,533
                     Impairment losses recognised                            45                      65                     110
                     As at 31 December 2022                               3,577                   6,066                   9,643




159   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                       (CONTINUED)
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
   Financial risk management objectives and policies - continued

   Credit risk and impairment assessment - continued

   Notes: - continued

   (1)   - continued

         Gross carrying amount - continued

         The Group writes off a trade receivable when there is information indicating that the debtor is in severe
         financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, e.g. when the debtor has been placed
         under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings, or when the trade receivables are over
         three years past due, whichever occurs earlier. The Group has taken legal action against the debtors to
         recover the amount due.

   (2)   The Group assessed the loss allowance for bills receivables, other receivables, bank balances, amount
         due from an associate and loan receivable on 12m ECL basis. In determining the ECL of the bank
         balances, the Group has taken into account the counterparties are reputable banks with high credit
         ratings assigned by international credit agencies and forward looking information as appropriate. The
         Group assessed 12m ECL for bank balances by reference to information relating to probability of default
         and loss given default of the respective credit rating grades published by external credit rating agencies
         and the management considers that the expected credit loss on the bank balances is immaterial. In
         determining the ECL other than the bank balances, the Group has taken into account the historical
         default experience and forward looking information as appropriate, including changes in growth rate
         of gross domestic product of the PRC. There had been no significant increase in credit risk since initial
         recognition. The Group has considered the consistently low historical default rate in connection with
         payments and concluded that the expected credit loss on these balances is immaterial.

   (3)   The Group assessed the loss allowance for amount due from an associate with trade nature on lifetime
         ECL basis. In determining the ECL, the Group has taken into account the value of the assets held by
         this entity and the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decision of this entity. There
         had been no significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. No additional impairment loss on
         trade balances has been provided during the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 and the entire
         balance has been subsequently settled.

         The Group rebuts the presumption of default under ECL for trade receivables over 90 days past due
         based on the strong financial position with good repayment records of those customers and continuous
         business relationship with the Group.




                                                                         CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           160
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




      36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
            Financial risk management objectives and policies - continued

            Liquidity risk

            In the management of the liquidity risk, the Group monitors and maintains a level of cash and cash equivalents
            deemed adequate by the management to finance the Group’s operations and mitigate the effects of fluctuations
            in cash flows. The management of the Group monitors the utilisation of bank borrowings and ensures
            compliance with loan covenants.

            The Group relies on bank borrowings as a significant source of liquidity. As at 31 December 2022, the Group
            has available unutilised banking facilities of approximately RMB2,027,858,000 (2021: RMB500,000,000)
            respectively. Details of which are set out in note 29.

            The following table details the Group’s remaining contractual maturity for its financial liabilities and derivative
            instruments. The table has been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities based
            on the earliest date on which the Group can be required to pay. The maturity dates for non-derivative financial
            liabilities are based on the agreed repayment dates.

            The table includes both interest and principal cash flows. To the extent that interest flows are floating rate, the
            undiscounted amount is derived from current interest rate at the end of the reporting period.

            In addition, the following table details the Group’s liquidity analysis for its derivative financial instruments, The
            tables have been drawn up based on the undiscounted contractual net cash (inflows) and outflows on derivative
            instruments that settle on a net basis. The liquidity analysis for the Group’s derivative financial instruments
            are prepared based on the contractual settlement dates as the management of the Group considers that the
            settlement dates are essential for an understanding of the timing of the cash flows of derivatives.

                                                       Weighted     Repayable on                        Total      Carrying
                                                       average       demand or                      undiscounted  amount at
                                                        interest      less than       1 to 5            cash     31 December
                                                          rate         1 year         years            flows        2022
                                                           %         RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000
            As at 31 December 2022
            Non-derivative financial liabilities
            Trade and other payables                       -            395,860               -        395,860        395,860
            Deferred consideration payables             10.00             1,000           1,000          2,000          1,909
            Variable-rate bank borrowings                2.60         1,806,270               -      1,806,270      1,783,337
            Obligation arising from put options         8.00                  -         175,133        175,133        163,773
            Lease liabilities                           4.75             15,514          15,893         31,407         29,295
                                                                      2,218,644         192,026      2,410,670      2,374,174
            Derivative financial liabilities
            Foreign exchange forward contracts                               562                -           562            562



161   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   (CONTINUED)
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
   Financial risk management objectives and policies - continued

   Liquidity risk - continued

                                           Weighted     Repayable on                      Total     Carrying
                                           average       demand or                   undiscounted  amount at
                                            interest      less than      1 to 5           cash    31 December
                                              rate         1 year        years          flows        2021
                                               %         RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000
   As at 31 December 2021
   Non-derivative financial liabilities
   Trade and other payables                     -           445,189             -        445,189       445,189
   Deferred consideration payables           10.00            2,000         1,000          3,000         2,736
   Variable-rate bank borrowings              1.15        1,116,496       582,101      1,698,597     1,677,573
   Obligation arising from put options       8.00                 -       175,133        175,133       152,413
   Lease liabilities                         4.75            17,726        19,543         37,269        34,732

                                                          1,581,411       777,777      2,359,188     2,312,643

   Derivative financial liabilities
   Interest rate swap                                         3,434            635         4,069          1,959
   Foreign exchange forward contracts                         2,524          6,808         9,332          9,332

                                                              5,958          7,443        13,401        11,291


   Interest rate benchmark reform

   As listed in note 29, several of the Group’s HIBOR and LIBOR bank loans will or may be subject to the interest
   rate benchmark reform. The Group is closely monitoring the market and managing the transition to new
   benchmark interest rates, including announcements made by the relevant IBOR regulators.

   LIBOR

   As at 31 December 2022, all LIBOR settings have been either ceased to be provided by any administrator or
   no longer be representative, except for US dollar settings (other than the 1-week and 2-month settings) which
   will be ceased immediately after 30 June 2023.

   HIBOR

   While the Hong Kong Dollar Overnight Index Average (“HONIA”) has been identified as an alternative to HIBOR,
   there is no plan to discontinue HIBOR. The multi-rate approach has been adopted in Hong Kong, whereby
   HIBOR and HONIA will co-exist. The Group’s bank loans linked to HIBOR will continue till maturity and hence,
   not subject to transition.



                                                                       CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        162
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




      36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
            Interest rate benchmark reform - continued

            (i)   Risks arising from the interest rate benchmark reform

                  The following are the key risks for the Group arising from the transition:

                  Interest rate related risks

                  For contracts which have not been transitioned to the relevant alternative benchmark rates and without
                  detailed fallback clauses, if the bilateral negotiations with the Group’s counterparties are not successfully
                  concluded before the cessation of LIBORs, there are significant uncertainties with regard to the interest
                  rate that would apply. This gives rise to additional interest rate risk that was not anticipated when the
                  contracts were entered into.

                  There are fundamental differences between IBORs and the various alternative benchmark rates. IBORs
                  are forward looking term rates published for a period (e.g. 3 months) at the beginning of that period and
                  include an inter-bank credit spread, whereas alternative benchmark rates are typically risk-free overnight
                  rates published at the end of the overnight period with no embedded credit spread. These differences
                  will result in additional uncertainty regarding floating rate interest payments.

                  Liquidity risk

                  The additional uncertainty on various alternative rates which are typically published on overnight basis
                  will require additional liquidity management. The Group’s liquidity risk management policy has been
                  updated to ensure sufficient liquid resources to accommodate unexpected increases in overnight rates.

                  Litigation risk

                  If no agreement is reached to implement the interest rate benchmark reform on contracts which have
                  not been transitioned to the relevant alternative benchmark rates (e.g. arising from differing interpretation
                  of existing fallback terms), there is a risk of prolonged disputes with counterparties which could give rise
                  to additional legal and other costs. The Group is working closely with all counterparties to avoid this from
                  occurring.

                  Interest rate basis risk

                  Interest rate basis risk may arise if a non-derivative instrument and the derivative instrument held to
                  manage the interest risk on the non-derivative instrument transition to alternative benchmark rates at
                  different times. This risk may also arise where back-to-back derivatives transition at different times. The
                  Group will monitor this risk against its risk management policy which has been updated to allow for
                  temporary mismatches of up to 12 months and transact additional basis interest rate swaps if required.




163   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                         (CONTINUED)
                                                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
   Interest rate benchmark reform - continued

   (ii)   Progress towards implementation of alternative benchmark interest rates

          As part of the Group’s risk management for transition, new contracts entered into by the Group are
          linked to the relevant alternative benchmark rates or interest rates which are not subject to reform to the
          extent feasible. Otherwise, the Group ensured the relevant contracts include detailed fallback clauses
          clearly referencing the alternative benchmark rate and the specific triggering event on which the clause
          is activated.

          During the year, for a floating rate loan that is linked to HIBOR, the Group had confirmed with the
          relevant counterparty HIBOR will continue to maturity.

          The Group has no plan to transition the majority of its remaining LIBOR-linked contracts through
          introduction of, or amendments to, fallback clauses into the contracts which will change the basis for
          determining the interest cash flows from LIBOR to alternative reference rate at an agreed point in time.

          The following table shows the total amounts of outstanding contracts and the progress in completing
          the transition to alternative benchmark rates as at 31 December 2022. The amounts of liabilities are
          shown at their carrying amounts and derivatives are shown at their notional amounts.

                                                           Carrying                                     Transition
           Financial                                      amounts/                                    progress for
           instruments                                     notional            Hedge                     financial
             prior to transition       Maturing in        amounts             accounting              instruments
                                                          RMB$'000

           Bank loans linked to      24 March 2023         278,584      Designated in cash       LIBOR will continue
            LIBOR                                                        flow hedge               till maturity

           Bank loans linked to      27 March 2023         222,867      Designated in cash       LIBOR will continue
            LIBOR                                                        flow hedge               till maturity

           Bank loans linked to       25 April 2023        611,911      N/A                      HIBOR will continue
            HIBOR                                                                                 till maturity

           Bank loans linked to    7 September 2023        669,975      N/A                      HIBOR will continue
            HIBOR                                                                                 till maturity


   Fair value measurements of financial instruments

   (i)    Fair value of the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis

          Some of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities are measured at fair value at the end of each
          reporting period. The following table gives information about how the fair values of these financial assets
          and financial liabilities are determined (in particular, the valuation technique(s) and inputs used) as well as
          the level of the fair value hierarchy into which the fair value measurements are categorised (Levels 1 to 3)
          based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements is observable.

                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           164
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




      36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
            Fair value measurements of financial instruments - continued

            (i)   Fair value of the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis - continued

                  Level 1 fair value measurements are those derived from quoted prices (unadjusted) in active market for
                  identical assets or liabilities at measurement date;

                  Level 2 fair value measurements are those derived from inputs other than quoted prices included within
                  Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived
                  from prices); and

                  Level 3 fair value measurements are those derived from valuation techniques that include inputs for the
                  asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).

                                                                                                                            Significant
                    Financial                                                      Fair value     Valuation technique(s)   unobservable
                    assets/liabilities               Fair value as at              hierarchy        and key input(s)          inputs
                                             31/12/2022           31/12/2021

                    1)   Interest             Assets -           Liabilities -     Level 2      Discounted cash flow.          Nil
                         rate swaps        RMB8,901,000         RMB1,959,000                    Future cash flows are
                         classified as                                                          estimated based on
                         derivative                                                             forward interest rates
                         financial                                                              (from observable yield
                         instruments                                                            curves at the end of
                                                                                                the reporting period)
                                                                                                and contracted interest
                                                                                                rates, discounted at a
                                                                                                rate that reflects the
                                                                                                credit risk of various
                                                                                                counterparties.


                    2)   Foreign              Assets -          Liabilities -      Level 2      Discounted cash                Nil
                         exchange          RMB33,120,000       RMB9,332,000                     flow. Future cash
                         forward                                                                flows are estimated
                         contracts           Liabilities -                                      based on forward
                         classified as      RMB562,000                                          exchange rate and
                         derivative                                                             contracted exchange
                         financial                                                              rate, discounted at a
                         instruments                                                            rate that reflects the
                                                                                                credit risk of various
                                                                                                counterparties.

                    3)   Equity              Listed equity       Listed equity     Level 1      Quoted bid prices in an        Nil
                         instruments       securities on the   securities on the                active market.
                         at FVTOCI -        LSE, ENV and        LSE and ENV -
                         listed equity          NYSE-          RMB63,569,000
                         securities        RMB64,001,000

                    4)   Equity                   Nil           Unlisted equity    Level 2      Recent Transaction             Nil
                         instruments                            investments -                   method, quoted bid
                         at FVTOCI -                           RMB292,264,000                   prices in an inactive
                         unlisted equity                                                        market
                         securities




165   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                    (CONTINUED)
                                                                                    FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
   Fair value measurements of financial instruments - continued

   (i)   Fair value of the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis - continued

                                                                                        Valuation                 Significant
          Financial                                                  Fair value       technique(s)               unobservable
          assets/liabilities               Fair value as at          hierarchy       and key input(s)               inputs
                                 31/12/2022            31/12/2021

          5)   Equity                Nil           Unlisted equity    Level 3     Market return           Market return method
               instruments                         investments -                  method, take the        take the return on a list of
               at FVTOCI -                         RMB44,638,000                  return on a listed of   comparable indices since
               unlisted equity                                                    comparable indices      the venture nature of the
               securities                                                                                 investment provide more
                                                                                                          relevent comparison.
                                                                                                             (Note c)

          6)   Equity          Unlisted equity                Nil     Level 3     Market approach by      Adjusting factors
               instruments     investments -                                      applying adjusting      estimated by external
               at FVTOCI -     RMB233,047,000                                     factors to the most     valuer to reflect the market
               unlisted equity                                                    recent transaction      return from the most
               securities                                                         prices                  recent date of transaction
                                                                                                          (Note d)

          7)   Financial asset       Nil           Assets -           Level 1     Quoted bid prices in                 Nil
               at FVTPL -                          RMB610,000                     an active market.
               listed equity
               securities

          8)   Financial asset Assets -            Assets -           Level 2     Recent Transaction                   Nil
               at FVTPL -      RMB445,935,000      RMB338,132,000                 method, quoted bid
               unlisted equity                                                    prices in an inactive
               securities                                                         market
          9)   Financial asset Assets -            Assets -           Level 3     Market approach         The ratio of market capital
               at FVTPL -      RMB734,102,000      RMB382,824,000                 by applying market to net book value from
               capital funds                                                      multiples such as the comparable companies is
                                                                                  ratio of market capital determined by the mean
                                                                                  to net book value       of comparable companies
                                                                                  from comparable         as at the valuation date
                                                                                  companies.              (Note a)

          10) Financial              Nil           Assets -           Level 3     Current value method Discount for lack of
              assets at                            RMB256,308,000                                      marketability taking into
              FVTPL -                                                                                  account the external
              unlisted equity                                                                          valuer’s estimate on
              securities                                                                               the length of time and
                                                                                                       effort required by the
                                                                                                       management to dispose
                                                                                                       of the equity interest
                                                                                                       which is determined as
                                                                                                       25%;

                                                                                                          Minority discount
                                                                                                          estimated by external
                                                                                                          valuer of 15 percent
                                                                                                          deduction in value to
                                                                                                          reflect the minority
                                                                                                          discount (Note b)
          11) Financial asset Assets -                        Nil     Level 3     Market approach by      Adjusting factors
              at FVTPL -      RMB311,299,000                                      applying adjusting      estimated by external
              unlisted equity                                                     factors to the most     valuer to reflect the market
              securities                                                          recent transaction      return from the most
                                                                                  prices                  recent date of transaction
                                                                                                          (Note d)

                                                                                  CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED                  166
                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




      36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
            Fair value measurements of financial instruments - continued

            (i)   Fair value of the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis - continued

                  Sensitivity analysis
                  Notes:

                  (a)      Financial asset at FVTPL - Capital funds

                           The higher the ratio of market capital to net book value from comparable companies, the higher
                           the fair value of the equity instrument, and vice versa. The higher of the discount for lack of
                           marketability, the lower the fair value of the equity instrument, and vice versa. No sensitivity is
                           presented as the directors of the Company considered that the slight change in relevant inputs
                           would not have a significant impact to the fair values.

                  (b)      Financial assets at FVTPL - unlisted equity securities

                           No sensitivity is presented as the directors of the Company considered that the slight change in
                           relevant inputs would not have a significant impact to the fair values.

                  (c)      Equity instruments at FVTOCI - unlisted equity securities

                           If the indexes used in the valuation model had been 5% higher/lower while all other variables were
                           held constant, the Group’s fair value of equity instruments as at 31 December 2022 would have
                           increased/decreased by approximately RMB nil (2021: RMB49,000).

                  (d)      The higher the multiples, the higher the fair value of the equity instrument/ financial assets at
                           FVTPL, and vice versa. If the adjusting factors used in the valuation model had been 5% higher/
                           lower while all other variables were held constant, the Group’s fair value of equity instruments
                           at FVTOCI and Financial assets at FVTPL as at 31 December 2022 would have increased/
                           decreased by approximately RMB11,652,000 and RMB15,565,000, respectively.




167   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                           (CONTINUED)
                                                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
   Fair value measurements of financial instruments - continued

   (ii)    Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements

                                                                                             Derivative
                                                            Equity         Financial           financial
                                                    instruments at        assets at       instrument -
                                                          FVTOCI             FVTPL              warrant           Total
                                                         RMB’000          RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000

           As at 1 January 2021                           98,896             3,884                  49         102,829
           Purchases                                           -           574,714                   -         574,714
           Transfers into level 1 upon
            the equity securities listed
            on ENV                                        (30,607)                 -                  -         (30,607)
           Total gains (losses)
            - in profit or loss                                  -          60,534                  (49)         60,485
            - in other comprehensive
                income                                    (23,651)                 -                   -        (23,651)

           As at 31 December 2021                         44,638           639,132                    -         683,770
           Purchases                                            -          332,077                    -         332,077
           Disposal                                        (2,841)               -                    -           (2,841)
           Transfers into level 2                               -         (115,725)                   -        (115,725)
           Transfers into level 3 from level 2           191,076           117,387                              308,463
           Total gains
            - in profit                                          -          72,530                    -          72,530
            - in other comprehensive
                income                                        174                  -                   -            174

           As at 31 December 2022                        233,047         1,045,401                     -      1,278,448



   (iii)   Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are not measured at fair value on a
           recurring basis (but fair value disclosures are required)

           The directors of the Company consider that the carrying amounts of financial assets and financial
           liabilities recorded at amortised cost in the consolidated financial statements approximate their fair
           values.




                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           168
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




      37. RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING
          ACTIVITIES
            The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities arising from financing activities, including both cash
            and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flows were, or
            future cash flows will be, classified in the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows used in
            financing activities.


                                                                          Deferred                                  Obligation
                                                              Bank    consideration      Dividend       Lease       rising from
                                                        borrowings        payables      payables     liabilities   put options         Total
                                                         RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                          (note 29)       (note 30)     (note 13)   (note 27)

            At 1 January 2021                             587,251           4,416              -      12,906                 -      604,573
            Financing cash flows                        1,061,968               -     (1,154,834)    (14,007)                -     (106,873)
            Release on deferred difference on initial
             recognition of financial instruments               -           (1,929)        -               -               -          (1,929)
            Dividends declared                                  -                - 1,154,834               -               -      1,154,834
            Finance costs                                  15,397              249         -           2,211          10,413         28,270
            Net foreign exchange gain                      12,957                -         -               -               -         12,957
            Commencement of new leases                          -                -         -          33,622               -         33,622
            Obligation rising from put options                  -                -         -               -         142,000        142,000

            At 31 December 2021                         1,677,573            2,736           -        34,732         152,413       1,867,454
            Financing cash flows                           (88,435)         (1,000) (1,276,239)      (18,948)              -      (1,384,622)
            Acquisition of a subsidiary                      3,000               -           -             -               -           3,000
            Dividends declared                                   -               - 1,276,239               -               -       1,276,239
            Finance costs                                   35,455             173           -         2,098          11,360          49,086
            Net foreign exchange gain                     155,744                -           -             -               -         155,744
            Commencement of new leases                           -               -           -        11,413               -          11,413

            At 31 December 2022                         1,783,337           1,909               -     29,295         163,773      1,978,314


      38. CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
                                                                                                           2022                      2021
                                                                                                        RMB’000                   RMB’000
            Capital expenditure in respect of the acquisition of
             below items contracted for but not provided in the
             consolidated financial statements
             - property, plant and equipment                                                                 576                       653
             - financial assets at FVTPL                                                                 773,150                   835,502
             - interests in associate                                                                     53,883                    90,000




169   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   (CONTINUED)
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




39. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
   Balances and transactions between the Company and its subsidiaries, which are related financial parties of
   the Company, have been eliminated on consolidation and are not disclosed in this note. Details of transactions
   between the Group and other related parties are disclosed below, in addition to the transactions and balances
   disclosed elsewhere in the consolidated financial statements.

   (a)   The Group entered into the following transactions with related parties during the year:

          Name of
          related company         Relationship Nature of transactions                 2022               2021
                                                                                   RMB’000            RMB’000

          Tibet Pharmaceutical     Associate    Promotion income                  1,316,329          1,046,701
          Tibet Pharmaceutical     Associate    Service fee                               -              1,698
          Tibet Pharmaceutical     Associate    Purchase of goods                       611              2,718


   (b)   Pursuant to a transfer agreement dated 16 February 2004 (as supplemented by a supplemental
         agreement dated 2 November 2004) and a further agreement dated 16 December 2007 between
         Shenzhen Kangzhe and Kangzhe Pharmaceutical Research and Development (Shenzhen) Limited
         (“Kangzhe R&D”)”, the Group acquired the production, marketing and sales rights and the related
         patents of CMS024 from Kangzhe R&D, of which 83.23% equity interest is indirectly held by a
         controlling shareholder as at 31 December 2022 and the date of this report. Pursuant to the terms of
         the agreement, as consideration for the transfer of CMS024, Shenzhen Kangzhe paid US$3.1 million
         to Kangzhe R&D as compensation for the actual research and development costs incurred by Kangzhe
         R&D, and further agreed to pay a royalty fee of 13% of the quarterly sales revenue generated by the
         Group after CMS024 is successfully launched. The Group has appointed Kangzhe R&D to carry out
         further research and development related to CMS024, and Kangzhe R&D has undertaken to complete
         all the clinical trials and prepare the documents necessary for and assist the Group in the application
         for a new-drug permit for CMS024. The Group has not paid any fee to Kangzhe R&D during the years
         ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.

   (c)   On 8 May 2015, A&B entered into agreements with Faron Pharmaceuticals, Ltd (“Faron”), to acquire
         15.72% of the shareholding of Faron, assets related to a drug, Traumakine in China (including Hong
         Kong SAR, Macau SAR and Taiwan) (the “Territory”), intellectual properties related to Traumakine from
         the Territory and the right to exchange Traumakine information with Faron.

         On 19 May 2015, the Group entered into agreements with A&B and/or Faron respectively, to acquire the
         assets related to Traumakine in the Territory (the “Acquisition of Assets”). The consideration for above
         transfer will be further negotiated and agreed between A&B and the Group at a later stage prior to the
         launch of Traumakine in the Territory, the amount would be calculated with reference to the net sales of
         Traumakine in the Territory.

         The Acquisition of Assets was not yet completed up to the date of this report and the Group has not
         paid any consideration to A&B in respect of this acquisition during the years ended 31 December 2022
         and 2021.



                                                                        CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED       170
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




      39. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS - continued
            (d)   On 31 July 2018, the Group entered into an asset transfer and license agreement with Acticor.
                  According to the terms of such agreement, the Group acquired all assets (the “Assets of ACT017”)
                  related to Acticor’s product ACT017 and any follow-up products developed on the basis of the same
                  compound of ACT017 (the “Product of ACT017”) in China (including Hong Kong SAR, Macau SAR
                  and Taiwan), Singapore, Philippines, Republic of Korea, Malaysia and other designated Asian countries
                  (excluding Japan, India and Western Asia countries) (the “Asia Pacific Territory”) in consideration of an
                  upfront payment of EUR50,000 (equivalent to RMB384,000) which has been paid as at 31 December
                  2018. Such amount has been included in deposits paid for acquisition of intangible assets (see note
                  23) as at 31 December 2022 and 2021. The Assets of ACT017 include without limitation all the know-
                  how, intellectual property or the right of application for the intellectual property, necessary regulatory
                  approvals, documents, dossiers, data or information exclusive for Asia Pacific Territory and other rights
                  as necessarily required to develop, register, manufacture and commercialise the Product of ACT017
                  in the Asia Pacific Territory. In addition, the Group also acquired all the necessary licenses related to
                  the transaction under this agreement in consideration of (1) a royalty at a fixed rate on the basis of the
                  net sales of Product of ACT017 generated in Asia Pacific Territory and (2) lump sum payments with
                  varied fixed amount, each payable upon the first achievement of respective net sales stipulated in the
                  agreement.

            (e)   On 14 August 2018, the Group entered into an asset transfer and license agreement with Blueberry
                  Therapeutics Limited (“Blueberry”), which is one of Group’s unlisted equity investments under note 20(b)
                  (iii). According to the terms of such agreement, the Group has acquired all related assets of Blueberry’s
                  leading product BB2603 (for the treatment of onychomycosis and tinea pedis) in China (including Hong
                  Kong SAR Macau SAR and Taiwan), Republic of Korea and Mongolia (the “Asia Territory”) and the
                  Group further acquired access to all related assets of other pipeline products being or to be developed
                  subsequently by Blueberry utilizing its unique nanoformulation delivery system in dermatology and other
                  fields (such as products used for treating atopic dermatitis and acne, etc., together with the product
                  BB2603 as the “Product of BB2603”) in the Asia Territory in consideration of (1) an upfront payment of
                  USD600,000 (equivalent to RMB4,090,000), (2) fixed lump sum payments upon the achievement of the
                  pre-determined milestones stipulated in the agreement and (3) a royalty at a fixed rate on the basis of
                  the net sales of Product of BB2603 in Asia Territory. The aforementioned assets include, among others,
                  all the national patents covering the development, commercialization and formulation of the Product of
                  BB2603, national trademarks and necessary regulatory approvals in or for the Asia Territory.

                  As the milestone as well as the commercialisation of Product of BB2603 has not yet been achieved as at
                  31 December 2022 and 2021, the Group has only paid the upfront payment of USD600,000 (equivalent
                  to RMB4,090,000) as the consideration for Product of BB2603 during year ended 31 December 2018.
                  Such amount has been included in deposits paid for acquisition of intangible assets (see note 23) as at
                  31 December 2022 and 2021.




171   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                       (CONTINUED)
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




39. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS - continued
   (f)   On 20 August 2018, the Group entered into a framework asset transfer agreement with A&B relating
         to the portable neurostimulation devices (the “Product of PoNS”) developed by or for Helius Medical
         Technologies group (“Helius”), which is one of Group’s unlisted equity investments under note 20(b)
         (iii). According to the terms of such agreement, the Group has agreed to acquire from A&B all assets
         related to the Product of PoNS (the “Assets of PoNS”) in the Territory (the “Transaction of PoNS”).
         The Assets were originally purchased by A&B from Helius, in which A&B has equity interest. Both the
         Group and A&B have not agreed on the definitive terms and conditions of the Transaction, including
         the consideration for the transfer of the Assets of PoNS under the agreement. The Group and A&B will
         further negotiate and agree on the terms of the Transaction at a later stage prior to the launch of the
         Product of PoNS in the Territory. As at 31 December 2022, the Group and A&B has not yet negotiated
         and agreed on the terms of the Transaction of PoNS and the Group has not paid any consideration to
         A&B in respect of the Transaction of PoNS during the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.

   (g)   On 20 August 2018, the Group entered into a framework asset transfer agreement with A&B relating to
         the pharmaceutical preparation, formulation, dosage form, or delivery vehicle, containing or comprising
         NRL-1 etc. and/or line extensions developed by or for Neurelis, Inc. (“Neurelis”) (collectively, the “Product
         of NRL-1”). Neurelis is one of Group’s unlisted equity investments under note 20(b)(iii). According to
         terms of such agreement, the Group has agreed to acquire from A&B all assets related to the Product
         of NRL-1 (the “Assets of NRL-1”) in the Territory (the “Transaction of NRL-1”). A&B obtained the Assets
         of NRL-1 from its related entity which in turn obtained the Assets of NRL-1 from Neurelis. Both the
         Group and A&B have not agreed on the definitive terms and conditions of the Transaction, including
         the consideration for the transfer of the Assets of NRL-1 under the agreement. The Group and A&B
         will further negotiate and agree on the terms of the Transaction of NRL-1 at a later stage prior to the
         launch of the Product of NRL-1 in the Territory. As at 31 December 2022, the Group and A&B have not
         yet negotiated and agreed on the terms of the Transaction of NRL-1 and the Group has not paid any
         consideration to A&B in respect of the Transaction of NRL-1 during the years ended 31 December 2022
         and 2021.

   (h)   On 19 September 2018, the Group entered into license and collaboration agreement with VAXIMM
         AG (“VAXIMM”), which is one of Group’s unlisted equity investments under note 20(b)(iii) and was sold
         during the year ended 31 December 2022. According to the terms of such agreement, the Group
         gained exclusive, perpetual, transferable, sub-licensable rights to develop and commercialize the current
         pharmaceutical products portfolio and line extension of or under the control of VAXIMM (the current
         leading product is VXM01) as well as designated pharmaceutical products and line extension that will
         be solely owned and under the control of VAXIMM (the “Product of VXM01”) in Asia Pacific Territory in
         consideration of (1) fixed lump sum payments upon the achievement of the pre-determined milestones
         stipulated in the agreement, (2) lump sum payments with varied fixed amount, each payable upon the
         first achievement of respective net sales stipulated in the agreement and (3) a royalty at a fixed rate on
         the basis of the net sales of Product of VXM01 in Asia Pacific Territory.

         As Product of VXM01 has not yet been commercialised, the Group has not paid any consideration in
         relation to Product of VXM01 during years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.




                                                                          CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          172
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2022
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




      39. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS - continued
            (i)   On 29 January 2019, the Group entered into a license, collaboration and distribution agreement
                  with Midatech. According to the terms of such agreement, the Group will gain exclusive, perpetual,
                  transferable, sub-licensable rights to develop and commercialise Midatech’s current products mainly
                  including MTD201, MTX110 (subject to receipt of consent from Secura Bio) and any new pharmaceutical
                  products or line extension, the intellectual property rights and other rights of which Midatech controls
                  and which Midatech or its affiliates have given a codename within three years from 29 January 2019 (the
                  “Products”) in China (including Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, Macao Special Administrative
                  Region and Taiwan) and certain Southeast Asian countries selected by the Group (including Singapore,
                  Philippines, Malaysia and other countries, subject to confirmation by the Group once a regulatory
                  approval is granted by the US Food and Drug Administration, the European Medicines Agency or by one
                  of the regulatory authorities in one of the UK, France, Germany or Switzerland).

                  As Products have not yet been commercialised, the Group has not paid any consideration in relation to
                  Products during year ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.

            (j)   During the year ended 31 December 2017, the Group entered into an agreement with Destiny.
                  According to the terms of such agreement, the Group will gain exclusive sub-licensable rights to develop
                  and commercialise Destiny’s current products mainly including XF-73 (the “Products of XF-73”) in Asia
                  Pacific Territory.

                  As Products of XF-73 have not yet been commercialised, the Group has not paid any consideration in
                  relation to Products during year ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.

            (k)   The key management personnel includes solely the directors of the Company and the compensation
                  paid to them as disclosed in note 9.


      40. RETIREMENT BENEFITS SCHEMES
            The employees of the Group’s subsidiary in the PRC are members of the state-managed retirement benefit
            schemes operated by the PRC government. The PRC subsidiaries are required to contribute a certain
            percentage of their payroll to the retirement benefit schemes to fund the benefits. The only obligation of the
            Group with respect to the retirement benefit schemes is to make the required contributions under the schemes.

            The employees employed in Hong Kong are required to join the Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme (the “MPF
            Scheme”). Contributions to the MPF Scheme are made in accordance with the statutory limits prescribed by
            the Mandatory Provident Fund Ordinance of Hong Kong.

            The employees employed in Macau are required to join the Social Security Fund (the “FSS”). Contributions to
            FSS are made in accordance with the statutory limits prescribed by the Social Security System of Macau.

            The employees employed in Dubai are required to be entitled to gratuity based on the years of services under
            the labour law of United Arab Emirates Ministry of Human Resources and Emiratisation.

            During the year, the total expense recognised in the profit or loss for the above schemes amounted to
            RMB217,855,000 (2021: RMB136,722,000).

173   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     (CONTINUED)
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




41. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT SCHEME
   The 2009 Scheme was adopted by the Board on 31 July 2009 (“Adoption Date”). Unless terminated earlier by
   the Board, the 2009 Scheme shall be valid and effective for a term of 20 years commencing on the Adoption
   Date. Pursuant to the rules of the 2009 Scheme, the Company set up a trust through a trustee (the “Trustee”),
   Fully Profit Management (PTC) Limited, for the purpose of administration the 2009 Scheme. A summary of
   some of the principal terms of the 2009 Scheme is set out in below.


   (a)   The purpose of the 2009 Scheme is to recognise the contributions by certain employees who have
         been actively involved in the business development of the Group and to establish and maintain a
         superannuation fund for the purpose of providing retiring allowances for certain employees (including
         without limitation employees who are also directors) of the Group, and to give incentive in order to retain
         them for the continual operation and development of the Group.

   (b)   Under the 2009 Scheme, the Board of Directors (the “Board”) may, from time to time, at its absolute
         discretion and subject to such terms and conditions as it may think appropriate select an employee
         (the “Member”) who completed 10 years’ services in the Group (subject to consent of the Board if the
         employee completed 5 years’ services in the Group) for participation in the 2009 Scheme for 10 years
         after retirement (the “Payment Year”) (subject to adjustment set out in (d) below).

   (c)   The Company will, on a yearly basis, contribute the sum equal to an amount not less than 0.5%, but
         no more than 3% of its after tax profits shown on the audited consolidated financial statements of the
         Group, or issue such number of shares of the Company to the Trustee in consideration of payment of
         such amount as the Board may determine with reference to the aforesaid contribution as against the
         then market value of the shares of the Company (the “Yearly Contributions”), subject to the Board’s
         approval.

   (d)   The amount payable to the Members depends on the value of the assets held by the Trustee (the
         “Fund”). If the value of the Fund is less than the aggregate amount of contributions previously made by
         the Company, the amount payable to the Members and the Payment Year will be adjusted by a factor
         derived from the value of the Fund and the aggregate amount of contributions previously made by the
         Company. The only obligation of the Company is to make the Yearly Contributions to the Fund. As such,
         the 2009 Scheme is classified as defined contribution scheme.

   On 22 December 2016, the Board has resolved to adopt two new employee incentive schemes, with details as
   follows:

   (a)   The Bonus Scheme

         i.     This scheme is for the purpose of providing discretionary cash bonuses to selected employees of
                the Group to recognise their contribution to the Group.
         ii.    This scheme is open to the employees employed by the Group, except for the directors of the
                Company.




                                                                        CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          174
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




      41. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT SCHEME - continued
            (b)   The New KEB Scheme

                  i.     The New KEB Scheme will replace the 2009 Scheme and shall comprise terms which are
                         substantially similar to the 2009 Scheme.
                  ii.    The subsisting rights of all participants under 2009 Scheme will be rolled over to the New KEB
                         Scheme.


            For the purposes of effecting the merger and facilitating the administration of the Bonus Scheme and the
            New KEB Scheme, the Company has resolved to set up a new trust comprising the Bonus Scheme and KEB
            Scheme (collectively referred to as the “Master Scheme”). Unless terminated earlier by the Board, the Master
            Scheme shall be valid and effective until the later of the termination of the Bonus Scheme or the New KEB
            Scheme. The term of each of the Bonus Scheme and the New KEB Scheme is 20 years subject to the terms
            of their respective scheme rules. TMF Trust (HK) Limited (“TMF”), a company incorporated in Hong Kong, is
            appointed as the initial trustee of the new trust (the “New Trustee”).

            A summary of some of the principal terms of the Bonus Scheme is set out in below:

            (a)   The Company will, on a yearly basis, contribute the sum equal to an amount of 0% to 15% on the net
                  profit growth on the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group (“Annual Contribution”),
                  subject to the approval from the Benefit Scheme Executive Committee, comprising executive directors
                  of the Company. No contribution will be made by the Company if there is no growth on the net profit in
                  the year.

            (b)   The amount payable to the members of the Bonus Scheme in a financial year depends on a variety of
                  factors, including the value of the assets held by the New Trustee (the “New Fund”), the appreciation
                  in the value of the assets held under the New Fund, the financial performance of the Group and the
                  performances of individual employees during the year. The New Fund is independent from the Company
                  and the change in value of the New Fund has no impact on the Group’s financial performance and
                  financial position. The only obligation of the Company is to make the Annual Contributions to the New
                  Fund subject to the terms of the scheme rules of the Bonus Scheme. The Bonus Scheme is classified
                  as a discretionary scheme of the Company. No employee benefit expenses were recognised by the
                  Company and the Group for both years.

            During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Company recognised an expense of RMB5,760,000 (2021:
            RMB nil) on the Master Scheme based on the Group’s financial performance. RMB5,760,000 (2021: RMB
            nil) were recognised as employee benefit expenses in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
            comprehensive income.




175   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    (CONTINUED)
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




42. ACQUISITIONS OF SUBSIDIARIES
   For the year ended 31 December 2022

   (a)   Acquisition of Shanghai Xuli Medical Devices Company Limited (“Xuli”)

         On 8 December 2021, the Group entered into an equity transfer agreement with independent third
         parties to acquire 100% equity interest in Xuli from independent third parties at a consideration of
         RMB43,374,000. Xuli focuses on the field of medical aesthetic products and aiming to provide Chinese
         beauty-loving people with global high-quality medical aesthetic products, equipment and services. The
         purpose of the acquisition is to acquire medical aesthetic products rights owned by Xuli for enriching the
         portfolio of the Group’s medical aesthetic products. The acquisition was completed on 21 January 2022
         and accounted for as acquisition of business using the acquisition method.

         Assets acquired and liabilities recognised at the date of acquisition:

                                                                                                        RMB’000

         Property, plant and equipment                                                                         26
         Intangible assets                                                                                  5,248
         Inventories                                                                                      12,764
         Trade and other receivables                                                                        3,782
         Bank balances and cash                                                                             1,371
         Bank borrowings                                                                                   (3,000)
         Trade and other payables                                                                          (5,237)
         Tax payable                                                                                         (844)
         Deferred tax liabilities                                                                          (1,312)
                                                                                                          12,798

         The receivables acquired (which principally comprised trade receivables) with a fair value of
         RMB3,782,000 at the date of acquisition had gross contractual amounts of RMB3,782,000, being the
         best estimate of the contractual cash flows expected to be collected at acquisition date.

         Goodwill arising on acquisition:

                                                                                                        RMB’000

         Consideration transferred                                                                         43,374
         Less: fair value of identifiable net assets acquired                                             (12,798)
         Goodwill arising on acquisition                                                                  30,576




                                                                        CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         176
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




      42. ACQUISITIONS OF SUBSIDIARIES - continued
            For the year nded 31 December 2022 - continued

            (a)   Acquisition of Shanghai Xuli Medical Devices Company Limited (“Xuli”) - continued

                  Goodwill arose in the acquisition of Xuli was attributable to the synergistic effect of the promotion
                  network generated from the combination. In addition, the consideration paid for the combination
                  effectively included amounts in relation to the benefit of revenue growth, management team, sale and
                  promotion channel and future market development of Xuli. These benefits did not meet the recognition
                  criteria for identifiable intangible assets, therefore were recognised as goodwill.

                  None of the goodwill arising on these acquisitions is expected to be deductible for tax purposes.

                  Net cash outflow arising on acquisition:

                                                                                                                RMB’000

                    Consideration paid in cash during the current year                                            28,374
                    Less: cash and cash equivalent balances acquired                                               (1,371)
                                                                                                                  27,003
                    Consideration prepaid in cash
                     during the year ended 31 December 2021                                                       15,000
                                                                                                                  42,003


                  Impact of acquisition on the results of the Group:

                  Included in the profit for the period is loss of RMB13,312,000 attributable to the additional business
                  generated by Xuli. Revenue for the period includs RMB49,976,000 generated from Xuli.

                  Had the acquisition of Xuli been completed at 1 January 2022, the revenue of the Group for the year
                  ended 31 December 2022 would have been RMB9,152,693,000, and the profit for the period would
                  have been RMB3,274,374,000. The pro forma information is for illustrative purposes only and is not
                  necessarily an indication of revenue and results of operations of the Group that actually would have been
                  achieved had the acquisition been completed at 1 January 2022, nor is intended to be a projection of
                  future results.

                  In determining the ‘pro-forma’ revenue and profit of the Group had Xuli been acquired at the beginning
                  of the current period, the directors have calculated depreciation and amortisation of plant and equipment
                  and intangible assets acquired on the recognised amounts of property, plant and equipment and
                  intangible assets at the date of acquisition.




177   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                (CONTINUED)
                                                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




42. ACQUISITIONS OF SUBSIDIARIES - continued
   For the year nded 31 December 2022 - continued

   (b)   Acquisition of Heling Medical (Guangzhou) Company Limited (“Heling”)

         On 19 August 2022, the Group entered into an equity transfer agreement with independent third
         parties to acquire 60% equity interest in Heling from independent third parties at a consideration of
         RMB9,000,000. Heling focuses on the research, development and production of dermatology-grade
         skincare products. The acquisition consists with the Group’s strategy to continuously expand into the
         medical aesthetic field. The acquisition was completed on 19 August 2022 and accounted for as
         acquisition of business using the acquisition method.

         Consideration transferred:

                                                                                                    RMB’000

         Cash                                                                                          2,000
         Capital injection                                                                             7,000
                                                                                                       9,000



         Assets acquired and liabilities recognised at the date of acquisition:

                                                                                                   RMB’000

         Intangible assets                                                                             1,597
         Other receivables                                                                             7,000
         Bank balances and cash                                                                            6
         Trade and other payables                                                                       (268)
         Deferred tax liabilities                                                                       (399)
                                                                                                       7,936

         Goodwill arising on acquisition:

                                                                                                   RMB’000

         Consideration transferred                                                                     9,000
         Add: non-controlling interest (40% in Heling)                                                 3,174
         Less: fair value of identifiable net assets acquired                                         (7,936)
         Goodwill arising on acquisition                                                               4,238




                                                                     CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED       178
                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2022
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




      42. ACQUISITIONS OF SUBSIDIARIES - continued
            For the year nded 31 December 2022 - continued

            (b)   Acquisition of Heling Medical (Guangzhou) Company Limited (“Heling”) - continued

                  Goodwill arose in the acquisition of Heling was attributable to the synergistic effect of the promotion
                  network generated from the combination. In addition, the consideration paid for the combination
                  effectively included amounts in relation to the benefit of revenue growth, management team, sale
                  and promotion channel and future market development of Heling. These benefits did not meet the
                  recognition criteria for identifiable intangible assets, therefore were recognised as goodwill.

                  None of the goodwill arising on these acquisitions is expected to be deductible for tax purposes.

                  Non-controlling interests

                  The non-controlling interests in Heling recognised at the acquisition dates were measured by reference
                  to the non-controlling interests’ proportionate share of the recognised amount of the net assets and
                  amounted to RMB3,174,000.

                  Net cash outflow arising on acquisition:

                                                                                                                RMB’000

                    Consideration paid in cash during the current year                                                2,000
                    Less: cash and cash equivalent balances acquired                                                      (6)
                                                                                                                      1,994


                  Impact of acquisition on the results of the Group:

                  Included in the loss for the period is RMB16,000 attributable to the additional business generated by
                  Heling.

                  Had the acquisition of Heling been completed at 1 January 2022, the revenue of the Group for the year
                  ended 31 December 2022 would have been RMB9,150,357,000, and the profit for the period would
                  have been RMB3,275,933,000. The pro forma information is for illustrative purposes only and is not
                  necessarily an indication of revenue and results of operations of the Group that actually would have been
                  achieved had the acquisition been completed at 1 January 2022, nor is intended to be a projection of
                  future results.

                  In determining the ‘pro-forma’ revenue and profit of the Group had Heling been acquired at the
                  beginning of the current period, the directors have calculated amortisation of intangible assets acquired
                  on the recognised amounts of intangible assets at the date of acquisition.




179   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   (CONTINUED)
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




42. ACQUISITIONS OF SUBSIDIARIES - continued
   For the year ended 31 December 2021

   (a)   Acquisition of Luqa

         On 1 February 2021, the Group entered into a share purchase agreement (the “Luqa Agreement”) to
         acquire 100% equity interest in Luqa from several independent third parties (the “Sellers”). Luqa is a
         dermatology specialty company incorporated in Hong Kong, its products mainly includes dermatology
         prescription medicines, medical devices and medical aesthetic products. The purpose of the acquisition
         is to enrich the dermatology product portfolio of the Group, and enable the Group to enter into medical
         aesthetic field after acquiring the product rights owned by Luqa. It would have a big synergistic effect
         by taking full advantage of the promotion system and channel resource of the Group. The above
         acquisition had been completed on 1 February 2021 (the “Completion Date”) and accounted for as
         acquisition of business using the acquisition method.

         Consideration transferred

                                                                                                      RMB’000

         Cash                                                                                          513,000
         Consideration Shares and Bonus Share transferred (note i)                                     106,500
         Put options on the Consideration Shares and Bonus Share (note ii)                              57,264
                                                                                                       676,764

         Notes:

         (i)      Pursuant to the Luqa Agreement, on the Completion Date, the Group transferred two issued
                  ordinary shares (the “Consideration Shares”) of a wholly-owned subsidiary, CMS Aesthetics
                  Holdings Limited (“CMS Aesthetics”), representing 2% of the issued share capital of CMS
                  Aesthetics to an entity designated by the Sellers to receive and hold the Consideration Shares.

                  In addition, on the Completion Date, the Group transferred one series A redeemable share
                  (the “Bonus Share”) of CMS Aesthetics, representing 1% of the issued share capital of CMS
                  Aesthetics to an entity designated by the Sellers to receive and hold the Bonus Share.

         (ii)     As stipulated in the Luqa Agreement, the Sellers were granted the right to demand the Group to
                  repurchase the Consideration Shares and Bonus Share, at any time from the Completion Date up
                  to date falling on the fifth anniversary of the Completion Date at pre-determined exit prices.




                                                                       CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        180
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




      42. ACQUISITIONS OF SUBSIDIARIES - continued
            For the year ended 31 December 2021 - continued

            (a)   Acquisition of Luqa - continued

                  Assets acquired and liabilities recognised at the date of acquisition:

                                                                                                                RMB’000

                    Property, plant and equipment                                                                       47
                    Intangible assets                                                                            101,599
                    Inventories                                                                                        486
                    Trade and other receivables                                                                  129,046
                    Bank balances and cash                                                                         31,985
                    Trade and other payables                                                                      (43,725)
                    Tax recoverable                                                                                    116
                    Deferred tax liabilities                                                                        (2,792)
                                                                                                                 216,762


                  The receivables acquired (which principally comprised trade receivables) with a fair value of
                  RMB129,046,000 at the date of acquisition had gross contractual amounts of RMB129,046,000, being
                  the best estimate of the contractual cash flows expected to be collected at acquisition date.

                  Goodwill arising on acquisition:

                                                                                                                RMB’000

                    Consideration transferred                                                                     676,764
                    Less: fair value of identifiable net assets acquired                                         (216,762)
                    Goodwill arising on acquisition                                                              460,002

                  Goodwill arose in the acquisition of Luqa was attributable to the synergistic effect of the promotion
                  network generated from the combination. In addition, the consideration paid for the combination
                  effectively included amounts in relation to the benefit of revenue growth, management team, sale and
                  promotion channel and future market development of Xuli. These benefits did not meet the recognition
                  criteria for identifiable intangible assets, therefore were recognised as goodwill.

                  None of the goodwill arising on these acquisitions is expected to be deductible for tax purposes.

                  Net cash outflow arising on acquisition:

                                                                                                                RMB’000

                    Consideration paid in cash                                                                   513,000
                    Less: cash and cash equivalent balances acquired                                              (31,985)
                                                                                                                 481,015

181   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     (CONTINUED)
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




42. ACQUISITIONS OF SUBSIDIARIES - continued
   For the year ended 31 December 2021 - continued

   (a)   Acquisition of Luqa - continued

         Impact of acquisition on the results of the Group:

         Included in the profit for the year is RMB5,193,000 attributable to the additional business generated by
         Luqa. Revenue for the year includes RMB27,687,000 generated from Luqa.

         Had the acquisition of Luqa been completed on 1 January 2021, revenue for the year of the Group
         would have been RMB8,333,928,000, and profit for the year would have been RMB2,961,788,000.
         The pro forma information is for illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily an indication of revenue
         and results of operations of the Group that actually would have been achieved had the acquisition been
         completed on 1 January 2021, nor is it intended to be a projection of future results.

         In determining the ‘pro-forma’ revenue and profit of the Group had Luqa been acquired at the beginning
         of the current year, the directors of the Company calculated depreciation of property, plant and
         equipment and amortization of intangible assets based on the recognised amounts of property, plant
         and equipment and intangible assets at the date of the acquisition.

         Share-based payment transaction:

         Pursuant to the Luqa Agreement, on the Completion Date, the Group transferred one series A
         redeemable share (the “Employment Share”) of CMS Aesthetics, representing 1% of the issued share
         capital of CMS Aesthetics to a key employee of Luqa with a condition that who shall serve the Group up
         to 31 December 2023. The key employee was granted the right to demand the Group to repurchase the
         Employment Share, up to date falling on the fifth anniversary of the Completion Date at pre-determined
         exit prices. The Employment Share and related put option were accounted for share-based payment
         under IFRS 2.

         The estimated fair values of the employment share and related option granted on the date are
         RMB35,500,000 and RMB19,088,000, respectively. These fair values were calculated using the
         Binomial model. The inputs into the model were as follows:

                                                                                                 1 February 2021

         Weighted average share price (RMB’000)                                                            35,500
         Exercise price (RMB’000)                                                                          49,701
         Expected volatility                                                                             39.267%
         Expected life                                                                                          5
         Risk-free rate                                                                                   3.001%
         Expected dividend yield                                                                                0




                                                                        CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          182
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




      42. ACQUISITIONS OF SUBSIDIARIES - continued
            For the year ended 31 December 2021 - continued

            (a)   Acquisition of Luqa - continued

                  Share-based payment transaction: - continued

                  Expected volatility was determined by using the historical volatility of the Company’s share price over
                  the previous 5 years. The expected life used in the model has been adjusted, based on the valuer’s best
                  estimate, for the effects of non-transferability, exercise restrictions and behavioural considerations.

                  For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group recognised share-based payment expense of
                  RMB18,716,000 (2021: RMB17,156,000) in relation to Employment Share and related put option
                  granted by the Company.

                  Obligation arising from put options:

                  On the Completion Date, an amount representing the present value amounting to RMB142,000,000 of
                  the amount that the Group could be required to pay the non-controlling shareholder pursuant to the put
                  options over the Consideration Shares, Bonus Share and Employment Share in CMS Aesthetics held by
                  the non-controlling shareholder, with a corresponding debit in non-controlling interests, is recognised in
                  obligation arising from put options.

                  For the period from the Completion Date to 31 December 2021, interest on obligation arising from put
                  options amounted to RMB10,413,000 was recognised in profit or loss.

            (b)   Acquisition of Carnation

                  On 17 May 2021, the Group entered into an equity transfer agreement with an independent third party
                  (the “Seller”) to acquire 50% equity interest in Carnation at a cash consideration of RMB38,000,000.
                  On the same date, the Group entered into a capital increase agreement with the Seller to subscribe
                  additional 14.81% equity interest in Carnation at a consideration of RMB32,000,000. After completion,
                  the Group holds 64.81% equity interest in Carnation. Carnation is incorporated in the PRC and is
                  engaged in research and development and manufacture of medical aesthetic solution using focused
                  ultrasound technology. The purpose of the acquisition is to acquire Carnation’s focused ultrasound
                  technology platform and to develop product rights for enriching the Group’s photoelectric medical
                  aesthetic product portfolio. The acquisition had been completed on 8 June 2021 and accounted for as
                  acquisition of business using the acquisition method.




183   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                  (CONTINUED)
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




42. ACQUISITIONS OF SUBSIDIARIES - continued
   For the year ended 31 December 2021 - continued

   (b)   Acquisition of Carnation - continued

         Consideration transferred

                                                                                                      RMB’000

         Cash                                                                                           38,000
         Capital injection                                                                              32,000

                                                                                                        70,000

         Assets acquired and liabilities recognised at the date of acquisition:

                                                                                                      RMB’000

         Property, plant and equipment                                                                       13
         Intangible assets                                                                              38,706
         Inventories                                                                                         32
         Amount due from a shareholder                                                                  32,000
         Trade and other receivables                                                                        318
         Bank balances and cash                                                                             110
         Amount due to a non-controlling shareholder                                                     (9,630)
         Trade and other payables                                                                          (406)
         Deferred tax liabilities                                                                        (9,677)

                                                                                                        51,466

         The receivables acquired (which principally comprised trade receivables) with a fair value of RMB318,000
         at the date of acquisition had gross contractual amounts of RMB318,000, being the best estimate of the
         contractual cash flows expected to be collected at acquisition date.

         Non-controlling interests

         The non-controlling interest (35.19%) in Carnation recognised at the acquisition date was measured by
         reference to the proportionate share of recognised amounts of net assets of Carnation and amounted to
         approximately RMB18,108,000.




                                                                       CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        184
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




      42. ACQUISITIONS OF SUBSIDIARIES - continued
            For the year ended 31 December 2021 - continued

            (b)   Acquisition of Carnation - continued

                  Goodwill arising on acquisition:

                                                                                                                  RMB’000

                    Consideration transferred                                                                        70,000
                    Plus: non-controlling interests                                                                  18,108
                    Less: fair value of identifiable net assets acquired                                            (51,466)

                    Goodwill arising on acquisition                                                                 36,642

                  Goodwill arose in the acquisition of Carnation was attributable to the synergistic effect of the promotion
                  network generated from the combination. In addition, the consideration paid for the combination
                  effectively included amounts in relation to the benefit of focused ultrasound technology platform,
                  research and development team, potential market development and future revenue growth of Carnation.
                  These benefits did not meet the recognition criteria for identifiable intangible assets, therefore were
                  recognised as goodwill.

                  None of the goodwill arising on these acquisitions is expected to be deductible for tax purposes.

                  Net cash outflow arising on acquisition:

                    		                                                                                           RMB’000

                    Consideration paid in cash                                                                      38,000
                    Less: cash and cash equivalent balances acquired                                                  (110)

                                                                                                                    37,890

                  Impact of acquisition on the results of the Group:

                  Included in the profit for the year is loss of RMB3,339,000 attributable to the additional business
                  generated by Carnation. No revenue were generated from Carnation for the year.

                  Had the acquisition of Carnation been completed on 1 January 2021, revenue for the year of the Group
                  would have been RMB8,337,221,000, and profit for the year would have been RMB3,024,724,000.
                  The pro forma information is for illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily an indication of revenue
                  and results of operations of the Group that actually would have been achieved had the acquisition been
                  completed on 1 January 2021, nor is it intended to be a projection of future results.




185   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                                               (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




42. ACQUISITIONS OF SUBSIDIARIES - continued
   For the year ended 31 December 2021 - continued

   (b)       Acquisition of Carnation - continued

             Impact of acquisition on the results of the Group: - continued

             In determining the ‘pro-forma’ revenue and profit of the Group had Carnation been acquired at the
             beginning of the current year, the directors of the Company calculated depreciation of property, plant
             and equipment based on the recognised amounts of property, plant and equipment at the date of the
             acquisition.


43. PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY
   As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, the details of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are set as follows:

                                     Place of                     Issue and
                                  incorporation/                   fully paid
                                  establishment                share capital/                                 Equity interest
           Name of subsidiaries   and operation              registered capital                             held by the Group                   Principal activities
                                                     31 December              31 December         31 December              31 December
                                                        2022                     2021                  2022                    2021
                                                                                              Directly    Indirectly   Directly Indirectly

    CMS International             British Virgin        US$10,000               US$10,000 100%                 -       100%          -       Investment holding
                                  Island

    Kangzhe Hunan                 PRC               RMB36,750,000         RMB36,750,000          -          100%          -       100%       Production of
     (wholly-owned                                                                                                                            medicines
     domestic enterprise)

    Tibet Kangzhe Enterprise      PRC               RMB10,000,000         RMB10,000,000          -          100%          -       100%       Investment holding
     Management Co. Ltd.
     (wholly-owned domestic
     enterprise)

    Shenzhen Kangzhe              PRC              RMB350,000,000        RMB350,000,000          -          100%          -       100%       Marketing,
     (wholly foreign-owned                                                                                                                    promotion
     enterprise)                                                                                                                              and sale of drugs

    Sino Talent                   Hong Kong                    HK$1                    HK$1      -          100%          -       100%       Investment holding

    Sky United                    Hong Kong                   HK$10                  HK$10       -          100%          -       100%       Trading of drugs

    Kangzhe Pharmaceutical        PRC               RMB50,000,000         RMB50,000,000          -          100%          -       100%       Investment holding
     Investment Co., Ltd.
     (wholly-owned domestic
     enterprise)

    Tianjin Kangzhe               PRC              RMB500,000,000        RMB500,000,000          -          100%          -       100%       Marketing,
     (wholly foreign-owned                                                                                                                    promotion
      enterprise)                                                                                                                             and sale of drugs

    Lengshuijiang Kangzhe         PRC                                -    RMB22,359,050          -             -          -       100%       Production of
     Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd,                                                                                                                 medicines
     (wholly-owned domestic
     enterprise) (Note)

    Xili Pharmaceutical           PRC               RMB11,360,000         RMB11,360,000          -        52.01%          -      52.01% Production of
     (sino-foreign                                                                                                                       medicines
      equity joint venture)




                                                                                                     CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED                             186
                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2022
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




      43. PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY - continued
                                              Place of                      Issue and
                                           incorporation/                    fully paid
                                           establishment                 share capital/                                    Equity interest
                  Name of subsidiaries     and operation               registered capital                               held by the Group                       Principal activities
                                                               31 December              31 December           31 December                31 December
                                                                  2022                     2021                    2022                       2021
                                                                                                          Directly    Indirectly     Directly    Indirectly

            Tibet Kangzhe                 PRC                RMB100,000,000        RMB100,000,000            -          100%            -          100%       Marketing,
             Development                                                                                                                                       promotion
             (wholly-owned                                                                                                                                     and sale of drugs
             domestic enterprise)

            CMS Bridging Limited          Hong Kong         HK$1,000,000,000 HK$1,000,000,000                -          100%            -          100%       Investment holding
             (formerly known as Everest
             Fortune Limited)

            CMS Medical Venture           British Virgin           US$50,000              US$50,000          -          100%            -          100%       Investment holding
             Investment Limited           Island

            CMS Medical Venture           Hong Kong                    HK$100                 HK$100         -          100%            -          100%       Investment holding
             Investment (HK) Limited

            CMS International             Macau             MOP$113,340,100 MOP$113,340,100                  -          100%            -          100%       Trading of drugs
             Development and
             Management Limited

            CMS Pharma DMCC               Dubai               DH104,490,000          DH104,490,000           -          100%            -          100%       Trading of drugs

            CMS Bridging DMCC             Dubai               DH261,220,000          DH261,220,000           -          100%            -          100%       Investment holding

            CMS Aesthetics DMCC           Dubai                     DH50,000                DH50,000         -          96%             -          96%        Trading of drugs

            Luqa Ventures Co., Limited    Hong Kong            HK$8,847,825            HK$8,847,825          -          96%             -          96%        Trading of drugs

            Shanghai Carnation Medical    PRC                  RMB2,842,105           RMB2,842,105           -         62.2%            -         62.2%       Trading of drugs
             Technology Co., Ltd

            Shanghai Kangzhe Aesthetics PRC                   RMB10,000,000         RMB10,000,000            -          96%             -          96%        Marketing and
             Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd                                                                                                                           promotion

            Hainan Kangzhe Aesthetics     PRC                RMB145,000,000        RMB145,000,000            -          96%             -          96%        Marketing,
             Technology Co., Ltd                                                                                                                               promotion
                                                                                                                                                               and sale of drugs

            Shenzhen Kangzhe              PRC                RMB200,000,000        RMB200,000,000            -          100%            -          100%       Investment holding
             Zhiyuan Enterprise
             Management Co., Ltd

            Shenzhen Kangzhe Yingtai      PRC                                  -                      -      -          100%            -          100%       Investment holding
             Technology Co.,Ltd

            Hainan Kangzhe Venture        PRC                RMB520,050,000        RMB350,050,000            -          100%            -          100%       Investment holding
             Capital Co. Ltd

            CMS Aesthetics Limited        Hong Kong                       HK$1                   HK$1        -          96%             -          96%        Trading of drugs

            Shanghai Xuli Medical Devices PRC                 RMB10,000,000                           -      -          96%             -             -       Trading of drugs
             Company Limited

            Heling Medical (Guangzhou)    PRC                  RMB3,000,000                           -      -         57.6%            -             -       Trading of drugs
             Company Limited


            Note: The company was liquidated on 28 March 2022.

            The above table lists the subsidiaries of the Company, in the opinion of the directors of the Company, which
            principally affected the results or assets of the Group. To give details of other subsidiaries would, in the opinion
            of the directors of the Company, result in particulars of excessive length.

            None of the subsidiaries had issued any debt securities at the end of the year.


187   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                        (CONTINUED)
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




44. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY
                                                                                      2022                   2021
                                                                                   RMB’000                RMB’000
   Non-current asset
    Interests in subsidiaries                                                     4,289,164               4,604,171
   Current assets
    Amount due from a subsidiary                                                  2,000,000               1,000,000
    Derivative financial instruments                                                 21,794                       -
    Bank balances and cash                                                           39,618                  17,901
                                                                                  2,061,412               1,017,901
   Current liabilities
    Amount due to a subsidiary                                                        2,958                   2,958
    Other payables and accruals                                                       3,027                   2,234
    Bank borrowings                                                               1,281,886               1,103,760
    Derivative financial instruments                                                    562                       -
                                                                                  1,288,433               1,108,952
   Net current assets (liabilities)                                                 772,979                 (91,051)
   Total assets less current liabilities                                          5,062,143               4,513,120
   Capital and reserves
    Share capital (note 33)                                                          83,991                  84,177
    Reserves                                                                      4,978,152               4,428,943
   Total equity                                                                   5,062,143               4,513,120


   Movement in reserves
                                               Share        Capital        Accumulated   Dividend
                                             premium       reserve           profits     reserve           Total
                                             RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000

   Balance at 1 January 2021                 2,304,879         6,960        1,924,406     502,306         4,738,551

   Repurchase of ordinary shares              (151,062)               -              -              -      (151,062)
   Profit and total comprehensive
    income for the year                                -              -       996,288            -          996,288
   Dividends paid                                      -              -      (652,528)    (502,306)      (1,154,834)
   Dividends proposed                                  -              -      (557,594)     557,594                -

   Balance at 31 December 2021               2,153,817         6,960        1,710,572     557,594         4,428,943
   Repurchase of ordinary shares                (48,196)           -                -           -            (48,196)
   Profit and total comprehensive
    income for the year                                -              -     1,873,644            -        1,873,644
   Dividends paid                                      -              -      (718,645)    (557,594)      (1,276,239)
   Dividends proposed                                  -              -      (591,910)     591,910                -

   Balance at 31 December 2022               2,105,621         6,960        2,273,661     591,910         4,978,152



                                                                          CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         188
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2022
