CONTENTS
CORPORATE INFORMATION...................................................................................................................................        1

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS.........................................................................................................................................   2

BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS. ........................................................................................................................................   3

MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS. .......................................................................................................                     5

OTHER INFORMATION............................................................................................................................................ 29

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME..... 33

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION................................................................. 34

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY................................................................. 36

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS............................................................................. 37

NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. .......................................................... 38
    CORPORATE INFORMATION


    Board of Directors                           Principal Bankers
    Executive Directors                          China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
                                                 The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited
    Mr. LAM Kong
                                                 Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited
    Ms. CHEN Yanling
                                                 DBS Bank (Hong Kong) Limited
    Non-Executive Director
    Mr. CHEN Hongbing                            Registered Office
    (resigned on 18 August 2025)                 Maples Corporate Services Limited
    Independent Non-Executive Directors          PO Box 309
                                                 Ugland House
    Mr. LEUNG Chong Shun
                                                 Grand Cayman, KY1-1104
    Ms. LUO Laura Ying
                                                 Cayman Islands
    Mr. FUNG Ching Simon
                                                 Headquarters and Principal Place of
    Company Secretary
    Ms. WU Sanyan
                                                 Business in Hong Kong
                                                 Unit 2106, 21/F
    Authorized Representatives                   Island Place Tower 510
    Ms. WU Sanyan                                King’s Road
    Mr. LAM Kong                                 North Point, Hong Kong

    Audit Committee                              Principal Contact Address in the PRC
    Mr. FUNG Ching Simon (Chairman)              6F - 8F, Block B, Majialong Chuangxin Building
    Mr. LEUNG Chong Shun                         198 Daxin Road
    Ms. LUO Laura Ying                           Nanshan District
                                                 Shenzhen 518052
    Remuneration Committee                       Guangdong Province, the PRC
    Mr. LEUNG Chong Shun (Chairman)
                                                 Branch Share Registrar in Hong Kong
    Ms. LUO Laura Ying
    Mr. FUNG Ching Simon                         Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
                                                 Shops 1712-1716, 17/F, Hopewell Centre
    Nomination Committee                         183 Queen’s Road East
    Ms. LUO Laura Ying (Chairman)                Wan Chai, Hong Kong
    Mr. LAM Kong
    Mr. LEUNG Chong Shun
                                                 Singapore Share Transfer Agent
    Mr. FUNG Ching Simon                         In.Corp Corporate Services Pte. Ltd.
                                                 36 Robinson Road
    Environmental, Social and                    #20-01 City House
    Governance Committee                         Singapore 068877
    Ms. CHEN Yanling (Chairman)
    Mr. LEUNG Chong Shun                         Stock Code
    Mr. FUNG Ching Simon                         Hong Kong: 867
                                                 Singapore: 8A8
    Auditors
    Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu                     Company’s Website
    Registered Public Interest Entity Auditors   www.cms.net.cn




1   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
    INTERIM REPORT 2025
                                                          FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS


•   Turnover up 10.8% to RMB4,002.0 million (H1 2024: RMB3,611.1 million); in the case that all medicines were
    directly sold by the Group, turnover up 8.9% to RMB4,669.6 million (H1 2024: RMB4,287.5 million)

•   Gross profit up 7.2% to RMB2,891.9 million (H1 2024: RMB2,696.5 million); in the case that all medicines were
    directly sold by the Group, gross profit up 7.2% to RMB2,881.7 million (H1 2024: RMB2,686.9 million)

•   Profit for the period up 3.1% to RMB931.5 million (H1 2024: RMB903.4 million)

•   Basic earnings per share up 4.2% to RMB0.3892 (H1 2024: RMB0.3734)

•   As at 30 June 2025, the Group’s bank balances and cash amounted to RMB3,454.1 million while readily
    realizable bank acceptance bills amounted to RMB178.6 million

•   Declared interim dividend per share of RMB0.1555, up 3.2% from (H1 2024: RMB0.1507)




                                                                       CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        2
                                                                                        INTERIM REPORT 2025
    BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS


    In the first half of 2025, CMS’s business performance resumed growth. On the one hand, the significant negative
    impact from the National VBP products has largely diminished; on the other hand, sales of the Group’s major
    exclusive/branded products and innovative products continued to grow, contributing 62.1% of total revenue in the
    case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group (H1 2024: 56.1%). Since 2025, under the theme of “New
    CMS, New Ascent”, the Group forged ahead with steady and multi-pronged progress across several key dimensions:
    (1) Commercialization of innovative products continued to advance: Five approved innovative drugs accelerated the
    release of their commercial value; three NDAs are under review; two IND applications for in-house R&D products were
    approved; one consumer healthcare product received marketing approval; two new collaborative R&D innovative
    products were added to the portfolio; approximately 20 in-house R&D projects progressed steadily. (2) Focusing on
    specialty therapeutic fields, the diversified exploration of new retail, new media and consumer healthcare has begun
    to bear fruit: In the skin health segment with consumer attributes, Dermavon has grown into a leading innovative
    pharmaceutical company in China specialized in skin health, and in April 2025, it was proposed to be separately listed
    on the Main Board of the SEHK by way of introduction and distribution in specie. (3) A significant milestone in the
    “industrial internationalization” strategy: In July 2025, the Group successfully completed its secondary listing on the
    SGX-ST by way of introduction, which is expected to enhance its brand influence in Southeast Asia and international
    markets. Leveraging Singapore’s strengths as an international hub, the Group has established an integrated
    ecosystem covering R&D, manufacturing and commercialization to capture the incremental growth potential of
    emerging markets and build a new multi-regional growth framework.

    Three NDAs under Review
    •   Desidustat Tablets – a novel oral HIF-PHI for treating anaemia in non-dialysis adult CKD patients; NDA under
        review in China.
    •   Ruxolitinib cream – the first and only topical JAK inhibitor approved by the U.S. FDA and EMA for repigmentation
        in non-segmental vitiligo as of the end of the Reporting Period; NDA for the vitiligo indication under review in
        China.
    •   ZUNVEYL – the second oral therapy approved by the U.S. FDA for the treatment of Alzheimer’s disease during
        the past decade, demonstrating a potentially better gastrointestinal safety profile; its NDA in China was accepted
        by the NMPA in July 2025.

    Two IND Applications for In-house R&D Products Approved
    •   CMS-D001 Tablets (Highly Selective TYK2 Inhibitor) – intended for psoriasis and AD; the IND application for the
        AD indication was approved in China in July 2025 (the IND application for the psoriasis indication was approved in
        January 2024).
    •   CMS-D003 Capsules (Cardiac Myosin Inhibitor) – intended for the treatment of obstructive hypertrophic
        cardiomyopathy in adults; the IND application was approved in China in March 2025.

    Two New Collaborative R&D Innovative Products Added
    •   In January 2025, the Group entered into a collaboration with Alpha Cognition Inc. for the improved new drug
        ZUNVEYL for the treatment of mild-to-moderate dementia of the Alzheimer’s type, and gained an exclusive right
        to develop, register, manufacture, import, export and commercialize the product in Asia (excluding Japan and the
        Middle East region) and other designated territories.




3   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
    INTERIM REPORT 2025
                                                                                         BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS
                                                                                                        (CONTINUED)




•   In January 2025, the Group entered into a collaboration with Mabgeek Biotech and its subsidiary to obtain the co-
    development right and exclusive commercialization right as specifically agreed upon in the agreement in Mainland
    China, Hong Kong, Macau, Taiwan Region and Singapore for Class 1 innovative drug MG-K10. MG-K10 is a long-
    acting anti-IL-4Rα humanized monoclonal antibody injection, intended for type 2 inflammatory diseases including
    atopic dermatitis, prurigo nodularis, asthma, allergic rhinitis, etc.

One Consumer Healthcare Product Approved
•   Poly-L-lactic Acid Microparticle Filler Injection obtained marketing approval from the NMPA in July 2025.




                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED       4
                                                                                             INTERIM REPORT 2025
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION
    AND ANALYSIS

    Company Overview
    China Medical System Holdings Limited (the “Company”, together with its subsidiaries, the “Group” or “CMS”) is a
    platform company linking pharmaceutical innovation and commercialization with strong product lifecycle management
    capability, dedicated to providing competitive products and services to meet unmet medical needs.

    Driven by a dual-engine model of collaborative R&D and in-house R&D, the Group focuses on global First-in-Class
    (FIC) and Best-in-Class (BIC) innovative products, efficiently advancing their clinical research, development and
    commercialization, enabling the continuous transformation of scientific research into clinical practices to benefit
    patients. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Group’s differentiated innovation pipeline had expanded to
    approximately 40 products, among which five innovative drugs (covering six indications) have been approved and
    successfully commercialized in China.

    The Group is deeply engaged in several specialty therapeutic fields and has developed proven commercialization
    capabilities, extensive networks and expert resources. Its major marketed products have attained leading positions in
    both academic and market domains. The Group continues to deepen its presence in these advantageous specialty
    areas, further strengthening the competitiveness of its cardio-cerebrovascular, gastroenterology, ophthalmology, and
    skin health businesses. Notably, the skin health business has grown into a leading innovative pharmaceutical company
    in China specialized in skin health and is proposed to be separately listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange
    of Hong Kong Limited (the “SEHK”), creating scale efficiency across specialty fields.

    Meanwhile, the Group is actively advancing its “industrial internationalization” strategy, continuously deepening its
    presence in emerging markets such as Southeast Asia and the Middle East. With Singapore as a hub, the Group has
    established a full pharmaceutical value chain covering R&D, manufacturing, and commercialization in the region. The
    completion of the Group’s secondary listing in Singapore has further enhanced its international presence and injected
    new momentum into its comprehensive and sustainable development.


    Business Review
    In the first half of 2025, China’s pharmaceutical industry continued to progress steadily along the path of high-quality
    development, driven by deepening policy reforms. On the one hand, National Reimbursement Drug List (“NRDL”)
    payment reforms have been further optimized, and the latest round of National Volume-based Procurement (“National
    VBP”) has adopted more refined and scientific rules, with emphasis on quality, clinical efficacy, and therapeutic options.
    These developments have fostered a more standardized and predictable business environment, while reinforcing
    a clinical value-oriented approach for pharmaceutical products. On the other hand, the innovation-driven strategy
    has yielded notable results: China’s innovative pharmaceutical sector has entered a period of harvest, the pace of
    internationalization has accelerated, and significant license-out deals have emerged frequently, showing growing global
    influence. Amid challenges, the industry has captured new opportunities, demonstrating strong innovation vitality and
    momentum for transformation and upgrading, solidifying a foundation for sustainable and healthy development.

    In alignment with industry trends, the Group has continued to innovate and reshape. Since 2018, we have outlined
    the “New CMS” transformation roadmap, guided by the three core strategies—product innovation, commercial model
    reform, and international expansion. The Group has successfully evolved from “China’s largest CSO” to a “Pharma
    in Transition”, and is now transforming into a fully integrated innovative pharmaceutical company. This clear strategic
    trajectory has gradually delivered value, as the Group continues to drive synergistic growth through new products,
    new models, and new markets, building a “second growth curve” to promote the dual resonance of business scale
    and quality.



5   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
    INTERIM REPORT 2025
                                                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                          (CONTINUED)




In the first half of 2025 (H1 2025), the Group’s business performance resumed growth, with turnover and profit for the
period increasing year-on-year (vs H1 2024):

Turnover reached RMB4,002.0 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 10.8% (H1 2024: RMB3,611.1 million).
In the case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group, turnover amounted to RMB4,669.6 million, up 8.9%
year-on-year (H1 2024: RMB4,287.5 million). In the case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group, sales from
key non-National VBP exclusive/branded products and innovative products reached RMB2,900.0 million, representing
a year-on-year growth of 20.6% (H1 2024: RMB2,404.7 million), accounting for 62.1% of total turnover. Net profit for
the period was RMB931.5 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 3.1% (H1 2024: RMB903.4 million).

During the six months ended 30 June 2025 (the “Reporting Period”), the Group continued to enrich its product
portfolio and expand its innovative pipeline. New innovative products obtained include ZUNVEYL (Benzgalantamine
Gluconate Enteric-coated Tablets) and MG-K10 (an anti-IL-4Rα humanized monoclonal antibody injection). The New
Drug Application (NDA) for ZUNVEYL was accepted by the China National Medical Products Administration (NMPA)
in July 2025. In addition, the Group’s consumer healthcare product portfolio was expanded with the approval of Poly-
L-lactic Acid Microparticle Filler Injection, which was approved for marketing in China in July 2025. The five innovative
drugs launched previously also continued to advance in commercialization, with scale effects gradually emerging.

The Group has deepened its presence in specialty areas while actively expanding into new retail and digital media
models, as well as strengthening its consumer healthcare product portfolio. The Group’s skin health business,
Dermavon, has demonstrated strong potential in this particular segment with consumer attributes. Dermavon is
planned to be spun off and listed independently on the Main Board of the SEHK by way of introduction, and with
shares distributed in specie, in order to unlock its standalone value and high growth potential.

Furthermore, on 15 July 2025, the Group successfully completed its secondary listing on the Main Board of the
Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the “SGX-ST”) by way of introduction. This milestone marked a new
chapter in the Group’s “industrial internationalization” strategy. Leveraging Singapore as a strategic hub for emerging
markets, the Group has established a fully integrated “R&D – Manufacturing – Commercialization” value chain,
enabling deeper engagement with incremental markets across the Asia-Pacific region and laying the foundation for
multi-regional growth.

As the impact of National VBP eases and our innovative products continue to generate incremental growth, the
Group’s growth momentum has become increasingly solid. Looking ahead, the Group will remain committed to
differentiated innovation, unlock the commercial potential of a diversified ecosystem, and accelerate its pace of
internationalization, thereby fueling high-quality development. The Group is moving towards becoming an innovation-
driven, multinational pharmaceutical company rooted in China and expanding across emerging markets, with a fully
integrated R&D, manufacturing, and commercialization value chain to deliver high-quality pharmaceutical products and
services to patients worldwide.

I. Innovation Driving Quality Growth
Topping the three core strategies, the “Innovation-driven” strategy leverages a three-dimensional innovation
mechanism of “Overseas Licensing, Domestic Collaboration, and In-house R&D” to continuously introduce high-value
pipelines to the Group, solidifying the foundation for short-, medium-, and long-term sustainable growth. Concurrently,
the Group continually upgrades its lifecycle management system covering “target discovery, clinical development,
regulatory approval and commercialization” to establish an efficient innovation closed-loop that accelerates patients’
access to global FIC and BIC therapies.



                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          6
                                                                                              INTERIM REPORT 2025
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
    (CONTINUED)




    As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Group has deployed approximately 40 differentiated innovative pipeline
    products, among which, five innovative drugs (ILUMETRI, VELPHORO, METOJECT, VALTOCO and LUMEBLUE),
    have been approved for marketing in China and entered commercialization; two innovative drugs (Desidustat Tablets
    and ruxolitinib phosphate cream (“ruxolitinib cream”) - vitiligo indication) were in the NDA review stage in China;
    approximately 10 projects have been prepared/launched for the registrational clinical trials, mainly randomized
    controlled trials (RCT), and about 20 in-house R&D projects were progressing steadily, five of which have entered
    clinical development stage.

    1. Innovative Products of CMS
    1.1 Innovative Drugs Approved for Marketing in China and Entered Large-Scale Clinical Application
     • VELPHORO (Sucroferric Oxyhydroxide Chewable Tablets) – China’s first iron-based, non-calcium
    phosphate binder (PB), providing potent phosphorus reduction with lower pill burden, and improving
    nutritional status in patients; in the Category B of NRDL
    In 2023, VELPHORO was approved for marketing in China for the control of serum phosphorus (sP) levels in adults
    with chronic kidney disease (CKD) on hemodialysis or peritoneal dialysis, and filled the gap of phosphorus-lowering
    treatment for Chinese paediatric patients aged 12 to 18 years old with CKD stages 4–5 or CKD on dialysis.

    It is demonstrated in multiple global clinical studies, real-world study (RWS) data and the Chinese instruction that
    compared with other PBs, patients maintained on VELPHORO used about 50% fewer PB pills/day, and the proportion
    of patients achieving target sP increased by 95%. VELPHORO has characteristics of good safety and patient
    compliance without risk of calcium and heavy metal accumulation. In addition, it holds the advantages of unaffected
    absorption of oral liposoluble vitamin D, maintaining stable iron parameters, improving the nutritional status in patients,
    etc.

    During the Reporting Period, the Group actively responded to the National Health Commission’s call to prioritize
    “improving sP control rates in patients on dialysis” as a key quality control improvement target. The Group conducted
    physician education programs to raise patients’ awareness of sP management and established it as a leading brand
    in the dialysis hyperphosphatemia treatment field by leveraging its core advantage of “achieving target with good sP
    levels reduction”.

     • METOJECT (Methotrexate Injection) – China’s first pre-filled Methotrexate (MTX) Injection for
    subcutaneous administration for the treatment of psoriasis and RA; in the Category A of NRDL
    In 2023, METOJECT was approved for marketing in China for the treatment of severe recalcitrant disabling psoriasis,
    which is not adequately responsive to other forms of therapy such as phototherapy, PUVA, and retinoids. In 2024, its
    core indication -- active rheumatoid arthritis (RA) in adult patients -- was approved for marketing in China.

    The bridge clinical trial of METOJECT’s RA indication in China aimed to compare the changes of DAS28-ESR score of
    patients with RA treated by the product and methotrexate tablets compared with the baseline, and to judge whether
    the non-inferiority is established. The study reached the preset primary endpoint, and the experimental group (given
    the product) was not inferior to the control group (given methotrexate tablets). In addition, the results of secondary
    efficacy indicators suggest that the efficacy of the product is significantly better than that of methotrexate tablets or
    there is a trend of better. The results also show that some of the curative effects that can be observed in the early
    stage of the product are more obvious than those of methotrexate tablets, suggesting that the curative effect of the
    product appears earlier. The product has some advantages over methotrexate tablets in gastrointestinal safety. The
    results were published in the academic journal Rheumatology in March 2025.




7   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
    INTERIM REPORT 2025
                                                                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                       (CONTINUED)




During the Reporting Period, the Group reinforced METOJECT’s academic position as the first-line treatment and
anchor combination therapy for RA, and accelerated market access across hospital and out-of-hospital channels, to
drive market share growth. Meanwhile, the Group positioned METOJECT as a standardized first-line therapy for RA
by leveraging its core advantage of “rapid onset and target achievement”, combined with differentiated advantages of
subcutaneous administration, low dosage formulation, no need for reconstitution and convenient injection. During the
Reporting Period, the product was included in the “Consensus on early diagnosis and treatment of psoriatic arthritis
(2025)” published by Chinese Journal of Rheumatology and “EULAR Recommendations for the Management of
Rheumatoid Arthritis-2025 Update” published by the European Alliance of Associations for Rheumatology (EULAR).

 • VALTOCO (Diazepam Nasal Spray) – China’s first Diazepam Nasal Spray, which can be administered
anytime and anywhere, and meets clinical needs for accessible and convenient treatment option for
seizure clusters of patients with epilepsy; in the Category B of NRDL
In 2023, VALTOCO was approved for marketing in China for the acute treatment of seizure clusters/acute repetitive
seizures in patients with epilepsy 6 years of age and older. In June 2025, the Supplemental New Drug Application
to expand the approved indication to include “patients with epilepsy 2 years of age and older” was accepted by
the China NMPA. The product is administered through the nasal mucosa, with high bioavailability, outstanding
absorbability, tolerability and reliability.

During the Reporting Period, focusing on VALTOCO’s unique clinical value of “Pre-Hospital Seizure Rescue with
Convenience”, the Group conducted expert case seminars and participated in establishing the “CAAE Epilepsy Care
Fund” to promote discussion and training on epilepsy prevention and management, and to strengthen emergency
treatment needs for seizure episodes. Concurrently, the Group also actively advanced post-marketing RWS to
generate more medical evidence for the product.

 • LUMEBLUE (Methylthioninium Chloride Enteric-coated Sustained-release Tablets) – China’s first
Methylthioninium Chloride Enteric-coated Sustained-release Tablets, providing a novel approach that
enhances diagnosis sensitivity in detecting lesions during colonoscopy
In 2024, LUMEBLUE was approved for marketing in China to enhance visualisation of colorectal lesions in adult
patients undergoing screening or surveillance colonoscopy. The results of the Phase III clinical trial in China showed
that LUMEBLUE can significantly improve the detection rate of non-polypoid colorectal lesions (the primary endpoint
of the study), leading to an improved detection rate of dangerous lesions such as non-polypoid adenomas (the
secondary endpoint).

During the Reporting Period, the Group continued to advance LUMEBLUE’s market access development across
multiple channels, actively conducted post-marketing clinical trials to enrich medical evidence, and established the
product’s recognition as a “pain-free colonoscopy package medication” through academic promotion.

1.2 Innovative Drugs in the NDA Review Stage in China
 • Desidustat Tablets – A novel oral Hypoxia-Inducible Factor Prolyl Hydroxylase Inhibitor (HIF-PHI)
During the Reporting Period, the China NDA for Desidustat Tablets for treating anaemia in non-dialysis adult CKD
patients was under review by the Center for Drug Evaluation (CDE) (the NDA was submitted in April 2024).




                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        8
                                                                                             INTERIM REPORT 2025
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
    (CONTINUED)




    The China Phase III clinical trial of Desidustat Tablets has demonstrated positive results. The primary endpoint of
    the haemoglobin (Hb) mean change from baseline to the period of Week 7–9 has indicated that, Desidustat is more
    effective than placebo in increasing Hb level. The product is administrated orally, thus expecting to improve the
    treatment compliance of patients and to meet the unmet treatment needs in the field of CKD anaemia, including both
    dialysis and non-dialysis patients.

    1.3 Innovative Drugs in Clinical Development in China
     • Y-3 for Injection – An original unimolecular Class 1 innovative drug, which is the only non-peptide
    PSD95/nNOS uncoupler that has entered clinical development, with potential to become the first dual-
    function brain cytoprotectant for treating ischemic stroke while preventing post-stroke depression and
    anxiety; China Phase III clinical trial completed
    Y-3 for Injection is used to alleviate neurological symptoms and dysfunction of daily activities caused by acute ischemic
    stroke. If approved for marketing, it is expected to be the first brain cytoprotectant with a clearly-defined target. As of
    the end of the Reporting Period, Y-3 for Injection has successfully completed the China Phase III clinical trial.

    As the world’s first brain cytoprotectant developed upon PSD-95/ nNOS and α2-GABAAR, the key targets for
    stroke and post-stroke affective disorders, Y-3 for Injection acts on multiple key pathological processes in the
    ischemic cascade of ischemic stroke. Through highly selective multi-targets synergy, it is conducive to exerting
    brain cytoprotection effects, demonstrating superior efficacy for ischemic stroke and potential prevention of post-
    stroke depression and anxiety complications. Meanwhile, unlike Nerinetide, the product has no risk of degradation
    by plasmin, which allows combination therapy with thrombolytics and has fewer future clinical treatment limitations,
    benefiting more patients.

    The results of Phase II clinical trial of the product for the treatment of acute ischemic stroke was presented as an oral
    poster at the 10th European Stroke Organisation Conference in 2024 (ESOC 2024). It indicated that among patients
    with ischemic stroke within 48 hours of onset, patients in the Y-3 group (20mg, 40mg, 60mg, qd) demonstrated
    a significantly higher proportion of patients achieving a favorable functional outcome at 90 days than those in the
    placebo group (20mg: 67.8% vs 60.7%, 40mg: 76.7% vs 60.7%, 60mg: 70.0% vs 60.7%). Moreover, the product
    showed comparable safety to placebo in acute ischemic stroke patients, exhibiting good tolerability.

     • ABP-671 – A Urate Anion Transporter 1 (URAT1) Inhibitor, anticipated to offer more effective and safer
    treatment alternatives for patients suffering from gout and hyperuricemia
    ABP-671 is an oral small molecule Class 1 innovative drug, which modifies the parent nuclide’s molecular scaffold
    and electron cloud distribution of benzbromarone, forming a highly rigid structure that resists metabolism and existing
    predominantly as the original drug without generating toxic quinone metabolites. The products’ preclinical and clinical
    trials have demonstrated good safety profile with no observed hepatotoxicity. The product can be administered at
    lower doses while reducing uric acid to lower levels, and has gout-tophus dissolution capability. As of the end of the
    Reporting Period, the China Phase IIb/III clinical trial for ABP-671 was advancing steadily.

    The China Phase IIa clinical trial of the product successfully achieved its endpoints. At a dose 1 mg group of ABP-
    671, over 86% of the subjects with gout or hyperuricemia achieved the primary endpoint (sUA levels <6 mg/dL or
    360 μmol/L). At other doses, 100% of subjects achieved the primary endpoint (sUA levels <6 mg/dL). At doses of
    6 mg group and 12 mg group, 100% of subjects achieved sUA levels <5 mg/dL (300 μmol/L); and there were 57%
    and 100% of subjects achieved sUA levels <4 mg/dL (240 μmol/L), respectively. No significant adverse events have
    occurred, and ABP-671 is well tolerated.




9   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
    INTERIM REPORT 2025
                                                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                          (CONTINUED)




Major In-house R&D Pipelines
 • CMS-D002 Capsules (GnRH Receptor Antagonist)
As of the end of the Reporting Period, a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled Phase I clinical study of single
or multiple dose escalation to evaluate the safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of the product
in healthy adult premenopausal female subjects, was progressing smoothly. The product may be developed to treat
endometriosis, uterine fibroids, prostate cancer, and other diseases in the future.

 • CMS-D005 Injection (GLP-1R/GCGR Dual Agonist)
As of the end of the Reporting Period, a Phase I clinical trial to evaluate the safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetic and
pharmacodynamic profile of the product in healthy and overweight/obese adult subjects in China, was progressing
smoothly. The product may also be developed in the future to treat metabolic dysfunction-associated steatohepatitis,
type 2 diabetes and other metabolism-related diseases.

 • CMS-D003 Capsules (Cardiac Myosin Inhibitor)
In March 2025, the product was granted approval for Investigational New Drug (“IND”) in China to conduct a clinical
trial evaluating the safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of the product in both healthy adults
and adult patients with symptomatic obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (oHCM) in China. The product may also
be developed for the treatment of heart failure with preserved ejection fraction in the future.

1.4 Replenishment of Pipeline
 • ZUNVEYL (Benzgalantamine Gluconate Enteric-coated Tablets) – As the second oral therapy approved
by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of Alzheimer’s disease during the past
decade, it demonstrates a potentially better gastrointestinal safety profile to improve compliance of
patients
In January 2025, the Group entered into a License, Collaboration and Distribution Agreement with Alpha Cognition
Inc. of the improved new drug ZUNVEYL for the treatment of mild-to- moderate dementia of the Alzheimer’s type,
and gained an exclusive right to develop, register, manufacture, import, export and commercialize the product in Asia
(excluding Japan and the Middle East region) and other designated territories.

In July 2025, the China NDA for ZUNVEYL was accepted by the NMPA for the treatment of mild-to-moderate
dementia of the Alzheimer’s type in adults.

As a new generation of acetylcholinesterase inhibitor (AChEI), ZUNVEYL can inhibit the acetylcholinesterase from
breaking down the neurotransmitter acetylcholine, increase the level of acetylcholine in the central nervous system,
and therefore alleviate cognition and memory impairment in Alzheimer’s disease patients. As a prodrug of galantamine,
ZUNVEYL remains inert as it passes through the stomach and the intestine, and eventually releases the active drug
into the bloodstream after being metabolized by the liver. It is expected to have equivalent efficacy as galantamine
with the potential of reducing gastrointestinal (GI) side effects and addressing certain tolerability issues. Galantamine
has accumulated extensive evidence of efficacy and demonstrated long term clinical benefit in the treatment of mild-
to-moderate dementia of the Alzheimer’s type since the approval of FDA in 2001. Moreover, GI adverse events
documented across all studies for ZUNVEYL were less than 2% and no insomnia was observed.

 • MG-K10 (asthma and seasonal allergic rhinitis indications, etc.) –as of the end of the Reporting Period,
the product is the only long-acting anti-IL-4R α monoclonal antibody to have entered pivotal clinical stages
worldwide (one dose every four weeks)




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          10
                                                                                              INTERIM REPORT 2025
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     In January 2025, the Group entered into a Collaboration Agreement (the “Agreement”) with Hunan Mabgeek Biotech
     Co., Ltd. (“Mabgeek Biotech”) and its subsidiary for Class 1 innovative drug anti-IL-4Rα humanized monoclonal
     antibody injection MG-K10, and obtained the co-development right and exclusive commercialization right as
     specifically agreed upon in the Agreement to the product in Mainland China, Hong Kong Special Administrative Region
     (“Hong Kong”), Macau Special Administrative Region (“Macau”), Taiwan Region and Singapore.

     MG-K10 simultaneously blocks the signaling of key type 2 inflammatory cytokines IL-4 and IL-13. Following Fc
     mutation, it allows long dosing interval owing to its prolonged half-life, and it is expected to be the first long-acting anti-
     IL-4Rα monoclonal antibody marketed in China. MG-K10 is used for the treatment of type 2 inflammatory diseases,
     including dermatology indications and non-dermatology indications (asthma, allergic rhinitis, chronic rhinosinusitis
     with nasal polyps, eosinophilic esophagitis, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, etc.). The rights of dermatology
     indications in Mainland China belong to Dermavon, while the rights outside Mainland China and the rights of non-
     dermatology indications belong to the Group (excluding Dermavon).

     As of the end of the Reporting Period, the China Phase III clinical trial for asthma indication and the China Phase II
     clinical trial for seasonal allergic rhinitis indication were progressing smoothly. Additionally, the product has obtained
     IND approvals for eosinophilic esophagitis and chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps in China. (Note: See “Section
     2. Innovative Products of Dermavon - 2.4 Replenishment of Pipeline” for more information about progress on
     dermatology indications)

     2. Innovative Products of Dermavon
     2.1 Innovative Drugs Approved for Marketing in China and Entered Large-Scale Clinical Application
      • ILUMETRI (Tildrakizumab Injection) - a monoclonal antibody specifically targeting to the p19 subunit
     of IL-23, requires only 4 administrations per year during its maintenance period for the treatment of
     psoriasis, which may lead to higher patient compliance; in the Category B of NRDL
     In 2023, ILUMETRI was approved for marketing in China for the treatment of adults with moderate-to-severe plaque
     psoriasis who are candidates for systemic therapy or phototherapy. Compared to IL-17, ILUMETRI targets the
     upstream IL-23, which can lead to a more comprehensive suppression of inflammatory pathway and reduce the risk
     of resistance associated with long-term medication. It demonstrates good efficacy in providing sustained response
     and long-term remission, with good tolerability and safety, offering patients a new sustainable treatment option.
     Additionally, the product has been recommended as a first-line treatment option by several domestic and international
     guidelines.

     The results from a Phase III clinical trial in China for the basic and extended study of ILUMETRI demonstrated that the
     product’s primary efficacy assessment indicator PASI 75 response rate continued to increase over treatment time. The
     PASI 75 response rate reached a high level after 28 weeks of treatment with ILUMETRI and maintained at 91.3% at
     week 52, and the product showed good long-term safety and tolerance. The results were published by the academic
     journal Chinese Medical Journal.

     During the Reporting Period, Dermavon implemented medical-evidence-driven promotion, including large-scale RWS
     and the establishment of scientific research platforms. By accumulating medical evidence, Dermavon gradually built
     brand recognition for the product and accelerated its penetration and volume growth in both hospitals and dual-
     channel pharmacies. During the Reporting Period, the product was newly included in the “Interleukin-23p19 inhibitors
     for the treatment of moderate-to-severe psoriasis: an expert opinion of real-world evidence studies in Europe”
     published by the Journal of Dermatological Treatment and the “Expert consensus on the treatment of dermatoses with
     targeted drugs (2025 version)” published by the Chinese Journal of Dermatology.



11   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     INTERIM REPORT 2025
                                                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                            (CONTINUED)




2.2 Innovative Drugs in the NDA Review Stage in China
 • Ruxolitinib cream — as of the end of the Reporting Period, the product is the first and only topical JAK
inhibitor approved by the U.S. FDA and the European Medicines Agency (EMA) for repigmentation in non-
segmental vitiligo, and is expected to become the first approved treatment for vitiligo in China
Treatment of Vitiligo
As of the end of the Reporting Period, the China NDA for ruxolitinib cream for the topical treatment of non-segmental
vitiligo in adults and adolescents aged 12 and above was under review by the CDE.

As for reducing the area of vitiligo lesions and repigmenting the skin, the treatment effect of ruxolitinib cream continued
to improve with longer treatment duration. Two pivotal clinical studies conducted by Incyte overseas showed that
after 24 weeks of treatment, compared with vehicle, the facial and total body repigmentation of patients treated with
ruxolitinib cream was significantly improved, and the primary endpoint of efficacy (F-VASI 75) was 29.9%. The 52-
week F-VASI 75 data showed improvement in repigmentation with the extension of treatment, with 50% of patients
meeting the F-VASI 75 endpoint at week 52. Additionally, ruxolitinib cream was analyzed in a RWS in China. The
results showed positive efficacy, which is consistent with the key outcomes of global pivotal clinical studies. During
the Reporting Period, the results of the China RWS were published in The Journal of the American Academy of
Dermatology (JAAD) , a leading international dermatology journal.

During the Reporting Period, Dermavon has participated in establishing China Vitiligo Research Alliance and
conducting vitiligo natural history study. Dermavon has also actively advanced the pilot use of the product in Hainan
Boao Lecheng International Medical Tourism Pilot Zone (the “Lecheng Pilot Zone”), and designated medical institutions
in Guangdong Province of the Greater Bay Area. As of the end of the Reporting Period, over 6,000 patients in Boao
Lecheng Super Hospital have used innovative drug ruxolitinib cream. Meanwhile, a total of 17 designated hospitals
in cities of the Greater Bay Area, such as Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Zhuhai, Zhongshan, Dongguan and Foshan were
able to prescribe innovative drug ruxolitinib cream to patients. During the Reporting Period, the product was newly
included in the “Expert consensus on the treatment of dermatoses with targeted drugs (2025 version)” and “Guideline
on phototherapy for vitiligo (2025 edition)” published by the Chinese Journal of Dermatology.

Treatment of Atopic Dermatitis (AD)
During the Reporting Period, Dermavon was steadily advancing a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled Phase
III bridging trial evaluating the efficacy and safety of ruxolitinib cream in the treatment of AD in Chinese population.
According to two pivotal overseas studies conducted by Incyte, treatment with ruxolitinib cream resulted in a
significant proportion of patients who achieved the primary efficacy endpoint of clear or almost clear and a significant
reduction in pruritus compared to the vehicle group. Ruxolitinib cream was also well-tolerated at all dosage strengths
and was not associated with clinically-significant application site reactions. Based on the safety and efficacy data,
ruxolitinib cream can potentially provide AD patients a better alternative novel treatment.

2.3 Innovative Drugs in Clinical Development in China
 • Povorcitinib - a selective oral small-molecule JAK1 Inhibitor, with the potential to provide a new
treatment option for patients suffering from autoimmune and inflammatory dermatologic diseases
In June 2025, the IND application of povorcitinib for nonsegmental vitiligo and hidradenitis suppurativa (HS) was
accepted in China, and the clinical development is planned to initiate after IND approvals.

Povorcitinib offers a potential oral treatment option for nonsegmental vitiligo patients, particularly those with extensive
vitiligo. HS has been included in the second batch of the Rare Disease List in China. As a chronic inflammatory
dermatologic disease, it can have a profoundly negative impact on patients’ quality of life.




                                                                               CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          12
                                                                                                INTERIM REPORT 2025
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     As of the end of the Reporting Period, Incyte was advancing the Phase III clinical trials of povorcitinib for nonsegmental
     vitiligo and prurigo nodularis (PN), as well as Phase II clinical trials for chronic spontaneous urticaria (CSU) and asthma
     in several countries outside China. It also announced the positive topline results from two Phase III clinical trials for HS.
     In the completed clinical trials, povorcitinib has shown potential for efficacy and safety in adult patients with moderate
     to severe HS.

     Major In-house R&D Pipelines
      • CMS-D001 Tablets (Highly Selective TYK2 Inhibitor)
     In July 2025, the NMPA grants the consent to conduct a clinical trial evaluating the safety and efficacy of CMS-D001
     for the treatment of AD. Additionally, the product was advancing a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled
     phase I clinical study of single or multiple dose escalation and food effects (open) to evaluate the safety, tolerability,
     pharmacokinetics and efficacy of the product in healthy subjects and patients with plaque psoriasis. In addition to
     psoriasis and AD, the product is also planned to be developed for the treatment of immune-inflammatory diseases
     such as systemic lupus erythematosus in the future.

     2.4 Replenishment of Pipeline
      • MG-K10 (atopic dermatitis and prurigo nodularis indications, etc.) – as of the end of the Reporting
     Period, the product is the only long-acting anti-IL-4Rα monoclonal antibody to have entered pivotal clinical
     stages worldwide (one dose every four weeks)
     In January 2025, the Group entered into a collaboration agreement with Mabgeek Biotech in respect of MG-K10.
     Dermavon obtained the co-development right (except for AD) and the exclusive commercialization right to the product
     in respect of dermatology indications in Mainland China. In accordance with the agreement, Mabgeek Biotech is
     responsible for progressing the clinical trial for AD; whereas both parties will be jointly responsible for progressing the
     clinical development for PN in adults and other indications in the field of dermatology.

     As of the end of the Reporting Period, MG-K10 has completed 16 weeks of treatment for all subjects in the China
     Phase III clinical trials for the treatment of AD in adults, and MG-K10 was also making steady progress with subject
     enrollment for the China Phase III clinical trial for PN. In the completed Phase II clinical trials for adult moderate-to-
     severe AD, MG-K10 has demonstrated good efficacy and safety. The percentage change of Eczema Area and Severity
     Index (EASI) from baseline at week 16 was measured as the primary endpoint. It is reported that the least squares
     mean percent changes in EASI from baseline in the groups of 150 mg every 4 weeks (Q4W), 300 mg Q4W, 300 mg
     Q2W, or placebo, were -58.7%/-81.6%/-69.8%/-42.7%, respectively (P=0.076/ P<0.001/P=0.003 vs. placebo),
     demonstrating potential efficacy in the treatment of moderate-to-severe AD. Serious adverse events (AEs) and AE-
     related treatment discontinuations were rare.




13   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     INTERIM REPORT 2025
                                                                                                   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                                                                        (CONTINUED)




3. Innovative Pipeline
Launched Overseas/China or Under Marketing Application Review
                             Rights                                                                        Clinical  Clinical   Marketing Marketed Major Marketed Regions*
        Product            Authorized                             Indication                                Trial    Trial for Application
                            Region*                                                                       Approval Registration                     CN        US EU JP
                                        For the acute treatment of intermittent, stereotypic episodes
                                        of frequent seizure activity (i.e. seizure clusters, acute
                                        repetitive seizures) that are distinct from a patient’s usual
                                        seizure pattern in patients with epilepsy 6 years of age and
Diazepam Nasal Spray                    older                                                                                                        2023.6
                                        For the acute treatment of intermittent, stereotypic episodes
                                        of frequent seizure activity (i.e. seizure clusters, acute
                                        repetitive seizures) that are distinct from a patient’s usual
                                        seizure pattern in patients with epilepsy 2-5 years of age

                                        For the treatment of adults with moderate-to-severe plaque
 Tildrakizumab Injection                psoriasis who are candidates for systemic therapy or
    (Biological Agent)                  phototherapy
                                                                                                                                                     2023.5

                                        Severe recalcitrant disabling psoriasis, which is not
                                        adequately responsive to other forms of therapy such as
                                        phototherapy, PUVA, and retinoids                                                                            2023.3
Methotrexate Injection

                                        Active rheumatoid arthritis in adult patients
                                                                                                                                                     2024.7
   Methylthioninium                     A diagnostic agent to enhance visualisation of colorectal
    Chloride Enteric-                   lesions in adult patients undergoing screening or
   coated Sustained-                    surveillance colonoscopy
     release Tablets                                                                                                                                 2024.6
                                                                                                                                                     Marketing
                                        Topical treatment of nonsegmental vitiligo in adult and                                                     Approval in
                                        pediatric patients 12 years of age and older                                                               Macau (2024.4)
                                                                                                                                                  and HK(2024.11)

   Ruxolitinib cream                    Topical short-term and non-continuous chronic
                                        treatment of mild to moderate atopic dermatitis in non-
                                        immunocompromised adult and pediatric patients 12 years
                                        of age and older whose disease is not adequately controlled
                                        with topical prescription therapies, or when those therapies
                                        are not advisable
                                        For treating anaemia in non-dialysis adult, Chronic Kidney
  Desidustat Tablets                    Disease (CKD) patients

   Cyclosporine Eye                     Increasing tear secretion in patients with keratoconjunctivitis
     Drops 0.09%                        sicca (dry eye)

                                        Reduction of elevated intraocular pressure in patients with
Latanoprost Eye Drops                   open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension
                                  **
                                        For treating mild to moderate dementia of the Alzheimer’s
       ZUNVEYL                          type in adults

   Levetiracetam XR                     Adjunctive therapy for the treatment of partial-onset seizures
         Tablet
  BCG for Intravesical           *** Non-invasive urothelial bladder carcinoma, including
       Instillation                     curative treatment of carcinoma in situ and prophylactic
   (Biological Agent)                   treatment of recurrence
    Marketed in China        Under R&D in China        Overseas
    Designated Asian Regions       Mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan                                         Designated Asia-Pacific Regions
* Major Marketed Regions indicate where products are approved. CMS’s rights are stated by Rights Authorized Region. CMS has NO development,
commercialization or other product rights in unauthorized regions.
** The rights authorized region of ZUNVEYL includes Asia (excluding Japan and the Middle East region) and other designated territories. In July, the NDA of
ZUNVELY was accepted in China.
*** Taiwan Region is not included in the rights authorized region of BCG for Intravesical Instillation.
Please refer to local prescribing information for more information, including full safety information, on CMS’s marketed medicines, or on medicines marketed by
CMS’s collaboration partners.



                                                                                                                   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED                     14
                                                                                                                                    INTERIM REPORT 2025
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     Under R&D Stages

                                Rights                                                          Clinical
                                                                                       Pre-                                          Marketing
            Product           Authorized                   Indication                            Trial   Phase I Phase II Phase III Application*
                                                                                      clinical Approval
                               Region*
                                             Eye pain and inflammation after
            SDN-037                          cataract surgery
                                             Reduction of elevated intraocular
                                             pressure in patients with open-
            PDP-716                          angle glaucoma or ocular
                                             hypertension

             CF101                           Psoriasis

                                             Non-segmental vitiligo,
                                             Hidradenitis suppurativa, Prurigo
          povorcitinib                       nodularis
                                             Asthma, Chronic spontaneous
                                             urticaria

                                             Hepatocellular carcinoma
             CF102
                                             Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease /
                                             non-alcoholic steatohepatitis
                                             Prevention of post-surgical
              XF-73                          staphylococcal infections
                                             Used to alleviate neurological
                                        **   symptoms and dysfunction of
       Y-3 for Injection                     daily activities caused by acute
                                             ischemic stroke
                                        **
            ABP-671                          Gout
                                             Atopic Dermatitis, Asthma, Prurigo
         Anti-IL-4Rα                         Nodularis
         Humanized
         Monoclonal                          Seasonal Allergic Rhinitis
      Antibody Injection
          (MG-K10)                           Eosinophilic Esophagitis, Chronic
                                             Rhinosinusitis with Nasal Polyps
         VEGFA/ANG2
     Tetravalent Bispecific                  Intended for ocular fundus
            Antibody                         neovascular diseases
       (Biological Agent)
                     #                       Intended for psoriasis
        TYK2 Inhibitor
         (CMS-D001)                          Intended for atopic dermatitis
       GnRH Receptor                         Intended for the treatment
         Antagonist                          of moderate to severe pain
        (CMS-D002)                           associated with endometriosis
        GLP-1R/GCGR
         Dual Agonist                        Intended for obesity/overweight
         (CMS-D005)
       Cardiac Myosin                        Intended for hypertrophic
          Inhibitor                          cardiomyopathy
        (CMS-D003)
     ~15 Self-developed
      Innovative Drugs
          China             Overseas
          Global            Designated Asian Regions                Mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan
     * CMS’s rights are stated by Rights Authorized Region. CMS has NO development, commercialization or other product rights in unauthorized regions.
     ** Taiwan Region is not included in the rights authorized region.
     # The IND application of CMS-D001 for the AD indication was approved in China in July.
     Please refer to local prescribing information for more information, including full safety information, on CMS’s marketed medicines, or on medicines marketed by
     CMS’s collaboration partners.


15   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     INTERIM REPORT 2025
                                                                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                         (CONTINUED)




II. Commercialization System
The Group remains committed to addressing unmet medical needs through products with academic and medical
differentiation. We continue to promote post-marketing clinical research (including RWS) and academic platform
development, to drive the commercial value realization of innovative drugs and key exclusive/branded products through
medical evidence. We are also continuously enriching our promotional and sales channels—establishing an omnichannel
model of “in-hospital + out-of-hospital” engagement, a comprehensive “online + offline” marketing system, and a
diversified product portfolio with consumer attributes. With a professional promotion team possessing high execution
capabilities, we aim to accelerate market penetration and value delivery with enhanced efficiency and expertise.

As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Group had a promotion network covering over 50,000 hospitals and
medical institutions, and approximately 300,000 retail pharmacies in China.

1. Marketed Products
The Group’s major marketed products have covered the cardio-cerebrovascular, gastroenterology, skin health,
ophthalmology and other related areas. As of the end of the Reporting Period, a summary of the information of major
products is as follows:

   Product line             Product                Indication/Function                  Product Advantage

                                             For the control of sP levels in
                           VELPHORO          adults with CKD on hemodialysis China’s first iron-based, non-calcium
                           (Sucroferric      or peritoneal dialysis, and for the phosphate binder, providing potent
                          Oxyhydroxide       control of sP levels in paediatric phosphorus reduction with lower pill
                       Chewable Tablets)     patients 12 years of age and older burden, and improving nutritional
                        (innovative drug)    with CKD stages 4-5 or CKD on status in patients
                                             dialysis

                                             For the acute treatment of
                                             intermittent, stereotypic episodes China’s first Diazepam Nasal Spray,
                            VALTOCO          of frequent seizure activity (i.e. which can be administered anytime
                        (Diazepam Nasal      seizure clusters, acute repetitive and anywhere, and meets clinical
                             Spray)          seizures) that are distinct from a needs for accessible and convenient
                        (innovative drug)    patient’s usual seizure pattern in treatment option for seizure clusters
                                             patients with epilepsy 6 years of of patients with epilepsy
Cardio-
                                             age and older
cerebrovascular
Related Field Line
                           XinHuoSu
                                                                                The first Recombinant Human Brain
                     (Recombinant Human Acute decompensated heart
                                                                                Natriuretic Peptide (rhBNP) medicine
                        Brain Natriuretic    failure
                                                                                approved by the China NMPA
                      Peptide for Injection)

                                                                                Original reference preparation, the
                             Plendil                                            Calcium Channel Blocker (CCB)
                                           Hypertension and stable angina
                     (Felodipine Sustained                                      medicine suitable for Chinese patients,
                                           pectoris
                        Release Tablets)                                        providing cardio-cerebrovascular
                                                                                protection and high vascular selectivity


                             Deanxit          Mild-to-moderate depression,      Original reference preparation,
                        (Flupentixol and     anxiety and psychosomatic          the preferred medicine for mild to
                       Melitracen Tablets)   affections                         moderate anxiety and depression


                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         16
                                                                                              INTERIM REPORT 2025
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




                                                 For the treatment of severe
                                                 recalcitrant disabling psoriasis,
                                METOJECT         which is not adequately
                                                                                      China’s first pre-filled MTX Injection for
                               (Methotrexate     responsive to other forms of
                                                                                      subcutaneous administration for the
                                 Injection)      therapy such as phototherapy,
                                                                                      treatment of psoriasis and RA
                             (innovative drug)   PUVA, and retinoids;
                                                 Active rheumatoid arthritis in adult
                                                 patients


                               LUMEBLUE
                                                 A diagnostic drug used for           China’s first Methylthioninium Chloride
                           (Methylthioninium
                                                 enhancing visualisation of           Enteric-coated Sustained-release
                            Chloride Enteric-
                                                 colorectal lesions in adult          Tablets, providing a novel approach
                           coated Sustained-
                                                 patients undergoing screening or     that enhances diagnosis sensitivity in
                             release Tablets)
                                                 surveillance colonoscopy             detecting lesions during colonoscopy
                            (innovative drug)


                                 Ursofalk       Cholesterol gallstones in the        Original reference preparation, the
                          (Ursodeoxycholic Acid gallbladder, cholestatic liver       preferred first-line medicine for
                                Capsules)       disease and biliary reflux gastritis cholestatic liver disease


     Gastroenterology/                           Ulcerative colitis, including the  Original reference preparation,
     Autoimmune                                  treatment of acute exacerbations ranking the first in the market share
     Related Field Line          Salofalk        and the maintenance treatment to of aminosalicylic acid, a first-line
                               (Mesalazine)      prevent recurrence, as well as the treatment for inflammatory bowel
                                                 treatment of acute exacerbations disease in China according to 2024
                                                 of Crohn’s disease                 IQVIA data


                                 Bioflor          Diarrhea in adults and children,    Probiotics preparations with abundant
                            (Saccharomyces       as well as diarrhea symptoms         medical evidence and high-level
                            Boulardii Sachets)   induced by intestinal flora          recommendations from authoritative
                           (exclusive product)   disturbance                          domestic and overseas guidelines


                                Combizym                                        Effective in both stomach and
                             (Oryz-aspergillus                                  intestines, the recommended
                                                 Dyspepsia caused by a decrease
                               Enzyme and                                       digestive enzyme preparation for the
                                                 in digestive enzymes
                           Pancreatin Tablets)                                  replacement therapy of pancreatic
                           (exclusive product)                                  exocrine insufficiency

                                                Improve the symptoms of early
                                   Cidine
                                                satiety, postprandial fullness
                          (Cinitapride Hydrogen                                       Dual target prokinetic agent, first-line
                                                discomfort, and abdominal
                              Tartrate Tablets)                                       drugs for functional dyspepsia
                                                distension in mild to moderate
                            (exclusive product)
                                                functional dyspepsia




17   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     INTERIM REPORT 2025
                                                              MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                       (CONTINUED)




                                                                           A monoclonal antibody specifically
                         ILUMETRI         For the treatment of adults with targeting to the p19 subunit of IL-23,
                      (Tildrakizumab      moderate-to-severe plaque        requires only 4 administrations per
                          Injection)      psoriasis who are candidates for year during its maintenance period for
                    (innovative drug)     systemic therapy or phototherapy the treatment of psoriasis, which may
                                                                           lead to higher patient compliance

                       Hirudoid       Blunt traumata with and without
Dermatology
                 (Mucopolysaccharide hematomas, and superficial              Repair agent for skin barrier with
Related
                  Polysulfate Cream) phlebitis that cannot be treated        multiple functions
                  (exclusive product) by compression

                                         Different specifications for
                                                                             Original reference preparation,
                                         sclerotherapy of different varicose
                     Aethoxysklerol                                          a German original brand for the
                                         veins, including spider veins,
                 (Polidocanol Injection)                                     treatment of sclerotherapy of varicose
                                         central veins of spider veins, and
                                                                             veins with years of clinical application
                                         medium to large varicose veins

                 Hirudoid® Azelaic Acid                                   Extension of the Hirudoid brand,
                                        Acne-prone skin care, prevention,
                     Skincare Series                                      to create a professional acne-care
                                        and improvement of acne
Dermatology-     (including 5 products)                                   portfolio
Grade Skincare
Product             Heling Soothing     Skin soothing with a combination Composed of four core ingredients
                     Product Series     of cleansing and moisturizing        that can moisturize and soothe the
                 (including 4 products) which is suitable for sensitive skin skin, helping to repair the skin barrier

                  Augentropfen Stulln
                    Mono Eye Drops                                           The representative medicine for the
                       (Esculin and      Senile macular degeneration and     treatment of asthenopia and the safe
                 Digitalisglycosides Eye all forms of asthenopia             and convenient treatment option of
                          Drops)                                             senile macular degeneration
                   (exclusive product)
Ophthalmology
Line
                                                                             Using high-focused ultrasound
                                                                             technology, which is a non-invasive
                  EyeOP1 Glaucoma         Glaucoma with intraocular
                                                                             procedure with precise targeting and
                   Treatment Device       pressure that cannot be controlled
                                                                             convenient operations, providing a
                  (exclusive product)     by drugs and surgery
                                                                             safe and effective innovative treatment
                                                                             for glaucoma

                                                                             Original reference preparation,
                        Elcitonin                                            quick onset, with long-term use and
                                          Osteoporosis pain
                  (Elcatonin Injection)                                      good safety, for the treatment of
                                                                             osteoporosis pain

                                         Used for mid to deep dermal
Other Major                              implantation for the correction of
Products                                 moderate to severe nasolabial
                       Vmonalisa                                            Painless, fashionable and accessible
                                         folds (medium and macro
                   (Modified Sodium                                         luxury HA filler with multiple particle
                                         particle);
                  Hyaluronate Filler for                                    sizes from South Korea, featured with
                                         Used for the deep dermal to
                        Injection)                                          safety and natural looking
                                         subcutaneous implantation for the
                                         correction of moderate to severe
                                         nasolabial folds (small particle)


                                                                          CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         18
                                                                                           INTERIM REPORT 2025
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     During the Reporting Period, the revenue of major products by product line was as follows:


     •   The products under cardio-cerebrovascular related field line recorded a revenue of RMB1,538.0 million, an
         increase of 1.4% compared with the same period last year. In the case that all medicines were directly sold by
         the Group, the revenue of products under cardio-cerebrovascular related field line would increase by 0.6% to
         RMB2,215.8 million compared with the same period last year, accounting for 47.5% of the Group’s revenue in the
         case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group.

     •   The revenue of products under gastroenterology/autoimmune related field line increased by 4.9% to RMB1,411.1
         million compared with the same period last year, accounting for 30.2% of the Group’s revenue in the case that all
         medicines were directly sold by the Group.

     •   The revenue of the products under skin health line (Dermavon) increased by 104.3% to RMB498.0 million
         compared with the same period last year, accounting for 10.7% of the Group’s revenue in the case that all
         medicines were directly sold by the Group.

     •   The revenue of the products under ophthalmology line increased by 17.7% to RMB358.1 million compared with
         the same period last year, accounting for 7.7% of the Group’s revenue in the case that all medicines were directly
         sold by the Group.

     •   Other products recorded a revenue of RMB196.8 million, a decrease of 1.9% compared with the same period
         last year. In case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group, the revenue would decrease by 2.3% to
         RMB186.6 million compared with the same period last year, accounting for 3.9% of the Group’s revenue in the
         case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group.

     III. Skin Health Business (Proposed to Be Spun off and Separately Listed on the SEHK)
     Dermavon is a leading innovative pharmaceutical company in China specialized in skin health, with unified operations
     combining the R&D, production, and sales of dermatological prescription products and dermatology-grade skincare
     products. It is committed to providing comprehensive skin health solutions, from prevention to treatment and long-
     term care. Since commencing independent operations in 2021, Dermavon has achieved dual leadership in both the
     “coverage of dermatology indications” and the “revenue scale of dermatological prescription drugs” within four years.
     Dermavon has developed a diversified and differentiated product portfolio and strong synergies in the field of skin
     health. Leveraging the industry-leading commercialization capabilities, it is leading the continuous innovation of skin
     health treatment and care, unlocking the vast market potential of skin health products.

     During the Reporting Period, the Group proposed to spin-off and separately list Dermavon on the Main Board of the
     SEHK by way of introduction and distribution in specie, aiming to fully unlock the high-growth potential and standalone
     value of its skin health business.

     1.Comprehensive and Diversified Product Portfolio, Specializing in Dermatology
     Focusing on the major dermatological diseases, Dermavon has deeply developed dermatological prescription
     products with different mechanisms of action and treatment modalities. Leveraging this foundation, Dermavon is
     expanding its product portfolio from “treatment” to “care” in skin health, dedicated to creating a vertically integrated
     and highly differentiated portfolio of dermatological prescription drugs and dermatology-grade skincare products,
     providing comprehensive disease solutions, and maximizing the synergy among products to meet the diverse clinical
     needs of patients in the entire disease course.




19   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     INTERIM REPORT 2025
                                                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                            (CONTINUED)




As of the end of the Reporting Period, Dermavon had three marketed products (ILUMETRI, Hirudoid, and
Aethoxysklerol), four pipeline products in clinical stages (ruxolitinib cream, MG-K10, povorcitinib, and CMS-D001),
and multiple preclinical product candidates, covering major dermatological diseases. Additionally, in the field of
dermatology-grade skincare products, Dermavon has two marketed product series for skin disease prevention and
care, including the Heling Soothing Product Series and the Hirudoid® Azelaic Acid Skincare Series.


                                                       Treatment                                         Skincare
                                                                                                      Dermatology-
                            Topical Agents            Oral Tablets              Injections           Grade Skincare
                                                                                                        Products
                                                       CMS-D001
Psoriasis                                                                        ILUMETRI
                                                     (China Phase I)
                            ruxolitinib cream          CMS-D001                  MG-K10               Heling Soothing
AD
                            (China Phase III)        (China Phase I)         (China Phase III)        Product Series
                            ruxolitinib cream          povorcitinib
Vitiligo                   (China NDA under       (China IND application
                                 review)                accepted)
Superficial
phlebitis, Blunt                Hirudoid
traumata
Varicose veins                                                                Aethoxysklerol
                                                       povorcitinib              MG-K10
Prurigo nodularis
                                                   (Overseas Phase III)      (China Phase III)
                                                       povorcitinib
Hidradenitis
                                                  (China IND application
suppurativa
                                                        accepted)
Chronic
                                                       povorcitinib
spontaneous
                                                   (Overseas Phase II)
urticaria
                                                                                                      Hirudoid® Azelaic
Acne vulgaris                                                                                          Acid Skincare
                                                                                                           Series
     Marketed
     Under R&D

2.Diverse and Efficient R&D Engine, Accelerating Innovation Pace
Dermavon adopts a R&D model that integrates both collaborative R&D and in-house R&D. Leveraging in-depth
insights into the correlation and differentiation among the targets and mechanisms of action of different drugs,
Dermavon efficiently identifies potential FIC and BIC products at different development stages. Furthermore, benefiting
from its long-term dedicated efforts in dermatology field, Dermavon has accumulated extensive clinical institution
and expert resources, and has fostered robust clinical development and registration capabilities, enabling efficient
advancement of product development.

Dermavon possesses strong collaborative R&D capabilities, consistently following global industry technology trends to
develop diversified, comprehensive dermatological disease solutions in the entire disease course. During the Reporting
Period, Dermavon entered into a collaboration with Mabgeek Biotech to jointly advance the clinical development of
the long-acting anti-IL-4Rα monoclonal antibody MG-K10 for dermatology indications in China. Mabgeek Biotech has
completed the 16-week treatment for all subjects in the Phase III clinical trial in China for the treatment of AD, and both
parties are steadily progressing with the enrollment for the Phase III clinical trial in China for PN.


                                                                               CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          20
                                                                                                INTERIM REPORT 2025
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     Furthermore, Dermavon has highly integrated in-house R&D capabilities. As of the end of the Reporting Period, its
     self-developed innovative drug CMS-D001 Tablets, a highly selective TYK2 inhibitor, was advancing the Phase I
     clinical trials in China and newly obtained IND approval for AD in July 2025. Additionally, three self-developed pipeline
     products are in the preclinical stage.

     3.Industry-leading Commercialization Capabilities, Laying the Foundation for Large-scale
     Sales
     Dermavon adheres to a patient-centered and market-oriented philosophy, cultivating an industry-leading sales and
     academic promotion team in dermatology. It has built a comprehensive, multi-level sales network covering major
     hospital and out-of-hospital channels, demonstrating an industry-leading position in China in terms of the coverage of
     dermatology departments in hospitals and the size of commercial team.

     Dermavon converts R&D insights and medical evidence into academic promotion momentum, continuously enhancing
     team expertise. Through participation in academic conferences at all levels, Dermavon continuously strengthens the
     scientific recognition of products in the medical community to enhance brand influence. At the same time, Dermavon
     continuously advances the post-marketing clinical research and RWS to accumulate medical evidence for the
     products’ inclusion in clinical guidelines and expert consensuses, and to provide a solid scientific basis to explore
     new indications and dosage regimens. As of the end of the Reporting Period, ILUMETRI, Hirudoid and ruxolitinib
     cream have been recommended by authoritative guidelines in multiple countries, with related clinical research results
     published in top domestic and foreign dermatology and pediatrics medical journals.

     At the same time, leveraging the consumer attributes of dermatological prescription products and dermatology-grade
     skincare products, Dermavon actively explores the “New Retail” model. With brand operations as its core, it further
     strengthens the coverage of diverse out-of-hospital channels, including offline pharmacies and e-commerce platforms.
     Simultaneously, Dermavon enhances its “New Media” operational capabilities, bolsters social media promotion,
     expands product application scenarios, and refines its brand’s omni-channel marketing model to cultivate multi-
     dimensional growth momentum.

     IV. Ophthalmology Business
     CMS Vision, the Group’s specialty business subsidiary, operates independently and focuses on the development and
     commercialization of pharmaceutical and medical device products in ophthalmology. Centered on ophthalmology,
     CMS Vision is also actively expanding into the ENT (ear, nose, and throat) field, introducing and developing clinically
     essential innovative products worldwide, with the goal of becoming a “leading ophthalmology pharmaceutical
     company in China”. CMS Vision’s current portfolio covers ophthalmic indications such as asthenopia, glaucoma,
     and fundus neovascular diseases, as well as the rhinitis indication. It is committed to offering diversified solutions
     combining drugs and devices to continuously enrich patients’ treatment options.

     During the Reporting Period, CMS Vision continued to strengthen academic promotion and brand building for its
     marketed products, further consolidating their market position. At the same time, CMS Vision expanded its innovation
     pipeline with the introduction of a Class 1 innovative drug anti-IL-4Rα humanized monoclonal antibody injection MG-
     K10 (for seasonal allergic rhinitis indication). The product is currently undergoing a Phase II clinical trial in China in
     collaboration with Mabgeek Biotech.




21   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     INTERIM REPORT 2025
                                                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                          (CONTINUED)




In July 2025, CMS Vision entered into a collaboration in the ophthalmology field with Jingze Pharma, an innovation-
driven biopharmaceutical company specializing in two high-growth markets: assisted reproductive drugs and
ophthalmic drugs. Jingze Pharma possesses clinically validated proprietary technology platforms, including complex
glycoprotein process development technology, and has advanced a high-tech, commercially promising drug candidate
for fundus neovascular diseases to late-stage clinical trials. Leveraging Jingze Pharma’s strong R&D capabilities
in ophthalmology and the Group’s robust clinical development and commercialization strengths, the two parties
will collaborate to achieve complementary advantages and high-efficiency synergies, to accelerate the release of
innovation value.

1.Major Marketed Products
During the Reporting Period, CMS Vision had two major marketed products:

Exclusive Drug: Augentropfen Stulln Mono Eye Drops
The representative for the treatment of asthenopia, and the safe and convenient treatment option for senile macular
degeneration. Its active ingredient, Esculin and Digitalisglycosides, has been included in several authoritative
guidelines, such as the “Chinese Expert Consensus on the Diagnosis and Treatment of Asthenopia (2024)” and “Chinese
Expert Consensus on the Perioperative Medication in Laser Corneal Refractive Surgery (2024)”. CMS Vision has
continued to conduct precise academic promotion within ophthalmic subspecialties, supported by its core advantages
and robust medical evidence.

Innovative Medical Device: EyeOP1 Glaucoma Treatment Device
Applying high-focused ultrasound technology, this device offers a safe and effective innovative treatment for glaucoma
utilizing a non-invasive procedure with precise targeting and convenient operations. Through multi-level, wide-reaching
academic initiatives, CMS Vision has further reinforced its brand positioning as a “non-incisional, minimally invasive”
solution, while promoting the advancement of treatment concepts and enhancing clinical awareness and adoption of
the innovative Ultrasonic Cyclo Plasticity (UCP).

2.Major Pipeline Products
During the Reporting Period, CMS Vision newly obtained a pipeline product—MG-K10, an anti-IL-4Rα humanized
monoclonal antibody injection for the treatment of seasonal allergic rhinitis. MG-K10 simultaneously blocks the
signaling of key type 2 inflammatory cytokines IL-4 and IL-13. Following Fc mutation, it allows long dosing interval
owing to its prolonged half-life, and it is expected to be the first long-acting anti-IL-4Rα monoclonal antibody marketed
in China (one dose every four weeks). As of the end of the Reporting Period, the China Phase II clinical trial for the
seasonal allergic rhinitis indication was progressing steadily.

V. International Business
On 15 July 2025, the Group successfully completed its secondary listing on the SGX-ST by way of introduction.
This secondary listing is expected to attract Asia-Pacific-focused funds and Southeast Asian local capital, optimize
the Group’s shareholder structure, enhance its global recognition and market position, and further support the
establishment of a synergistic Asia-Pacific platform. It will close the loop in the Group’s “R&D – Manufacturing –
Commercialization” value chain under its “industrial internationalization” strategy, unlock incremental value in emerging
markets, and foster a multi-regional growth pattern.




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          22
                                                                                              INTERIM REPORT 2025
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     Emerging markets such as Southeast Asia and the Middle East are experiencing a critical phase of accelerated
     pharmaceutical demand, driven by large population bases, expanding middle-class segments, aging demographics,
     improving healthcare infrastructure, and increasing chronic disease burden. These regions have become new growth
     engines for the global pharmaceutical industry. With over three decades of development, CMS has built a rich portfolio
     of differentiated products and mature commercialization capabilities in the China market. These advantages and
     capabilities are now spilling over into emerging markets, driving the development of a full pharmaceutical value chain in
     these regions. Leveraging professional teams with deep local market experience, the Group is well-positioned to seize
     mid- to long-term structural opportunities and significantly enhance drug accessibility in these regions.

     Since 2022, CMS has advanced its “industrial internationalization” strategy by establishing Singapore as its hub for
     emerging markets in the Asia-Pacific region. The Group has built a fully integrated ecosystem comprising CMS R&D
     (research), PharmaGend (manufacturing), and Rxilient (commercialization), enabling comprehensive development
     across Asia-Pacific markets.

     1. Internationalization of Commercialization
     Rxilient is a platform for the introduction, development, and commercialization of pharmaceutical products, operated
     by a professional and experienced local team. Headquartered in Singapore as the Group’s base for emerging market
     business, Rxilient has established subsidiaries or offices in Hong Kong, Taiwan Region, Malaysia, Vietnam, the
     Philippines, Indonesia, Thailand, and the United Arab Emirates.

     During the Reporting Period, Rxilient actively advanced product introduction and registration. It obtained an exclusive
     right to develop, register, manufacture, import, export and commercialize ZUNVEYL, an improved new drug, in
     Asia (excluding Mainland China, Japan, and the Middle East region) and other designated territories. It also formally
     submitted the registration application for Tildrakizumab Injection in Taiwan Region. In commercialization, Rxilient
     made notable progress by engaging with Hong Kong’s Hospital Authority (HA) and submitting a proposal based on
     local clinical practice and health-economics data, resulting in the successful inclusion of Sucroferric Oxyhydroxide
     Chewable Tablets into the “Special Drug” category on the HA Drug Formulary.

     As of the end of the Reporting Period, Rxilient has cumulatively submitted nearly 20 registration applications for
     pharmaceutical products and medical devices across Southeast Asia, the Middle East, Hong Kong, Macau, and
     Taiwan Region, covering therapeutic fields such as dermatology, ophthalmology, oncology, autoimmune, and central
     nervous system. Among these, core product ruxolitinib cream (vitiligo indication) has been approved for marketing
     in Macau and Hong Kong, and its registration applications have been submitted in Singapore and Taiwan Region.
     Intravenous Toripalimab (the first China-originated anti-PD-1 monoclonal antibody drug that has been approved by the
     China NMPA and the U.S. FDA) has been submitted for registration in Malaysia, the Philippines, Indonesia, Thailand,
     and Vietnam. Tildrakizumab Injection and Sucroferric Oxyhydroxide Chewable Tablets have been approved for
     marketing in Hong Kong.

     2.Internationalization of Manufacturing
     PharmaGend, an associate company of the Group based in Singapore, is an international one-stop CDMO platform.
     The Group holds a 45.0% equity interest in PharmaGend through several subsidiaries. As of the end of the Reporting
     Period, PharmaGend had a manufacturing site of 30,000 square meters. PharmaGend’s current oral solid dosage
     (OSD) production lines, which mainly produce tablets and capsules and have an annual capacity of 1 billion units, have
     obtained a drug manufacturing license issued by the Health Sciences Authority (HSA) of Singapore, Current Good
     Manufacturing Practice (cGMP) certification from the U.S. FDA, and have passed audits by Swiss Qualified Persons
     (QPs), demonstrating high-standard pharmaceutical manufacturing capabilities for global distribution. Meanwhile,
     capacity expansion is progressing smoothly, including the planned construction of new production lines for nasal
     sprays, creams, and injectables, as well as a packaging center.

23   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     INTERIM REPORT 2025
                                                                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                        (CONTINUED)




Future Development
CMS will stay unwaveringly committed to the “New CMS, New Ascent” strategic resolve, focusing on the three core
strategies of product innovation, commercial model reform, and international expansion, to further broaden and
deepen the Group’s development path and accelerate the formation of a sustainable new growth engine.

We will rely on the three-dimensional innovation system—overseas licensing, domestic collaboration, and in-house
R&D—to continuously expand our product pipeline. We will focus on addressing unmet clinical needs, align with the
support of reimbursement policies for high-value innovations, and build a more competitive and accessible product
portfolio. The power of innovative products will serve as a long-term driver that enables the Group to grow sustainably
across market cycles.

We remain committed to a specialty-focused strategy, with deep cultivation in our advantageous therapeutic
areas including cardio-cerebrovascular, central nervous system, gastroenterology, skin health, and ophthalmology.
Meanwhile, we continue to empower the independent development of specialty businesses such as skin health
and ophthalmology, aiming to build leading players in their respective segments and unlock further value creation
potentials. In addition, the Group proactively anticipates evolving trends in healthcare payment mechanisms and
consumer behavior, and is actively expanding into diversified models such as new retail, new media, and consumer
healthcare. We are building an integrated commercial ecosystem that connects in-hospital and out-of-hospital
channels, and enables interaction between online and offline promotion. By accelerating our presence in the consumer
healthcare market, we are enhancing terminal reach and market penetration, and unlocking incremental growth
potential from the integration of pharmaceuticals and consumer markets.

In terms of international expansion, we are accelerating innovation through a dual-hub model centered on China
and Singapore, leveraging dual-track cycles to unlock global growth opportunities. This reflects a strategic elevation
toward global allocation of industrial resources, positioning CMS to lead a new paradigm for Chinese pharmaceutical
companies expanding overseas, and to build a replicable, scalable, and sustainable development model for
internationalized pharmaceutical operations.

CMS will stay true to its original aspiration for innovation and maintain its spirit of progress, working hand-in-hand
with global partners to co-create a sustainable pharmaceutical ecosystem and jointly embark on an advanced journey
toward healthy and sustainable development.


Financial Review
Turnover
Turnover increased by 10.8% to RMB4,002.0 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025 from RMB3,611.1 million
for the six months ended 30 June 2024; in the case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group, turnover
increased by 8.9% to RMB4,669.6 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025 from RMB4,287.5 million for the
six months ended 30 June 2024, mainly due to a continuing growth in sales of innovative and exclusive/branded
products, couple with the cessation of the material adverse impact from the National VBP on three products.




                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         24
                                                                                             INTERIM REPORT 2025
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin
     Gross profit increased by 7.2% to RMB2,891.9 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025 from RMB2,696.5
     million for the six months ended 30 June 2024; in the case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group, gross
     profit increased by 7.2% to RMB2,881.7 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025 from RMB2,686.9 million for
     the six months ended 30 June 2024, primarily reflecting an increase in turnover. For the six months ended 30 June
     2025, gross profit margin was 72.3%, representing a decrease of 2.4 percentage points from 74.7% for the six months
     ended 30 June 2024; in the case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group, gross profit margin decreased by
     1.0 percentage point to 61.7% for the six months ended 30 June 2025 from 62.7% for the six months ended 30 June
     2024, mainly due to a decrease in selling prices of three products resulted from the impact of implementation of the
     National VBP.

     Selling Expenses
     Selling expenses increased by 1.7% to RMB1,424.5 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025 from RMB1,400.5
     million for the six months ended 30 June 2024. Selling expenses as a percentage of turnover was 35.6% for the six
     months ended 30 June 2025, representing a decrease of 3.2 percentage points from 38.8% for the six months ended
     30 June 2024. In the case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group, selling expenses as a percentage of
     turnover decreased by 2.1 percentage points to 30.3% for the six months ended 30 June 2025 from 32.4% for the six
     months ended 30 June 2024, primarily reflecting an economy of scale generated from the brand and the increase in
     turnover.

     Administrative Expenses
     Administrative expenses increased by 19.2% to RMB430.8 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025 from
     RMB361.5 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024. Administrative expenses as a percentage of turnover for
     the six months ended 30 June 2025 was 10.8%, representing an increase of 0.8 percentage point from 10.0% for
     the six months ended 30 June 2024. In the case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group, administrative
     expenses as a percentage of turnover increased by 0.8 percentage point to 9.2% for the six months ended 30 June
     2025 from 8.4% for the six months ended 30 June 2024, mainly due to increases in human costs and listing related
     expenses.

     Research and Development Expenditures
     The Group’s research and development expenditures included investments for the continuous expansion of innovative
     product pipelines, expenditures on research and development and clinical trial of new products, salaries and related
     expenses of staff who were engaged in the aforesaid affairs. Research and development expenditures included the
     expensed research and development expenditures (i.e. research and development expenses) and capital payments
     (including payments for clinical trial and acquisition of product rights of new products and equity investments in these
     companies).

     Total research and development expenditures decreased by 8.2% to RMB571.4 million for the six months ended
     30 June 2025 from RMB622.2 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024. Total research and development
     expenditures as a percentage of turnover for the six months ended 30 June 2025 was 14.3%, representing a
     decrease of 2.9 percentage points from 17.2% for the six months ended 30 June 2024. In the case that all medicines
     were directly sold by the Group, total research and development expenditures as a percentage of turnover decreased
     by 2.3 percentage points to 12.2% for the six months ended 30 June 2025 from 14.5% for the six months ended 30
     June 2024, mainly due to a decrease in payments for acquisition of product rights.




25   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     INTERIM REPORT 2025
                                                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                     (CONTINUED)




Research and development expenses increased by 91.8% to RMB202.5 million for the six months ended 30 June
2025 from RMB105.6 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024. Research and development expenses as a
percentage of turnover for the six months ended 30 June 2025 was 5.1%, representing an increase of 2.2 percentage
points from 2.9% for the six months ended 30 June 2024. In the case that all medicines were directly sold by the
Group, research and development expenses as a percentage of turnover increased by 1.8 percentage points to 4.3%
for the six months ended 30 June 2025 from 2.5% for the six months ended 30 June 2024, mainly due to an increase
in research and development expenses of self-developed products.

Capital payments (set out in the table below) decreased by 28.6% to RMB368.9 million for the six months ended 30
June 2025 from RMB516.6 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024. Such capital payments as a percentage
of turnover for the six months ended 30 June 2025 was 9.2%, representing a decrease of 5.1 percentage points from
14.3% for the six months ended 30 June 2024. In the case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group, such
capital payments as a percentage of turnover decreased by 4.1 percentage points to 7.9% for the six months ended
30 June 2025 from 12.0% for the six months ended 30 June 2024.

                                                                             For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                         2025             2024
                                                                                    RMB’000            RMB’000

Payment for acquisition of equity investments
 in research and development companies                                                143,760              60,033
Payment for acquisition and development of product rights                             225,113             456,605
                                                                                      368,873             516,638


Other Income
Other income decreased by 45.2% to RMB79.2 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025 from RMB144.5
million for the six months ended 30 June 2024, mainly due to decreases in government subsidies and interest income
resulting from a decrease in interest rates of deposits.

Other Gains and Losses
Other gains and losses increased by 410.4% to a gain of RMB76.7 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025
from a loss of RMB24.7 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024, mainly due to an increase in equity investment
income.

Share of Result of Associates/a Joint Venture
Share of result of associates/a joint venture decreased by 21.0% to RMB165.4 million for the six months ended 30
June 2025 from RMB209.3 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024, mainly reflecting a decrease in profit of
associates.

Finance Costs
Finance costs decreased by 47.9% to RMB11.3 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025 from RMB21.6 million
for the six months ended 30 June 2024, mainly due to decreases in bank borrowings used and interest rates.




                                                                          CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        26
                                                                                           INTERIM REPORT 2025
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     Income Tax Expense
     Income tax expense decreased by 8.8% to RMB212.6 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025 from RMB232.9
     million for the six months ended 30 June 2024, mainly due to a withholding tax on intercompany dividend distribution
     paid during the six months ended 30 June 2024.

     Profit for the Period
     Profit for the period increased by 3.1% to RMB931.5 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025 from RMB903.4
     million for the six months ended 30 June 2024, mainly due to increases in turnover and equity investment income.

     Inventories
     Inventories increased by 3.1% to RMB792.0 million as at 30 June 2025 from RMB768.1 million as at 31 December
     2024. Average inventory turnover days increased by 1 day to 129 days for the six months ended 30 June 2025 from
     128 days for the six months ended 30 June 2024.

     Trade Receivables
     Trade receivables increased by 18.0% to RMB1,442.1 million as at 30 June 2025 from RMB1,222.5 million as at 31
     December 2024. Average trade receivables turnover days decreased by 1 day to 79 days for the six months ended 30
     June 2025 from 80 days for the six months ended 30 June 2024.

     Trade Payables
     Trade payables decreased by 3.6% to RMB137.3 million as at 30 June 2025 from RMB142.4 million as at 31
     December 2024. Average trade payables days decreased by 9 days to 23 days for the six months ended 30 June
     2025 from 32 days for the six months ended 30 June 2024, primarily reflecting the difference in time points of
     settlement with suppliers.

     Liquidity, Financial Resources, Capital Structure and Gearing Ratio
     As at 30 June 2025, the Group’s bank balances and cash amounted to RMB3,454.1 million while readily realizable
     bank acceptance bills amounted to RMB178.6 million. As at 31 December 2024, our bank balances and cash
     amounted to RMB3,706.5 million while readily realizable bank acceptance bills amounted to RMB198.8 million.

     The Group had bank borrowings of RMB715.0 million (31 December 2024: RMB831.3 million) as at 30 June 2025.
     The weighted average interest rate of loans was 2.3% (six months ended 30 June 2024: 3.3%) per annum. All the
     loans were due within one year and then classified as current liabilities.

     As at 30 June 2025 and 31 December 2024, the Group had a gearing ratio (being the bank borrowings of the Group
     divided by the total assets of the Group) of approximately 3.8% and 4.6%, respectively.

     The Group’s liquidity requirements will be satisfied by a combination of cash flow generated from operating activities,
     long-term bank loans and other financing means which the Company may from time to time consider appropriate.




27   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     INTERIM REPORT 2025
                                                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                        (CONTINUED)




Exposure to Fluctuations in Exchange Rates and Interest Rates
The Group is mainly exposed to currency risk of the US$, EUR and HK$. The conversion of RMB into foreign
currencies is subject to the rules and regulations of foreign exchange control promulgated by the PRC government.
Any significant exchange rate fluctuations of foreign currencies against RMB may have a financial impact on the Group.
The Group closely monitors exchange rate fluctuations and reviews the foreign currency risk management strategy
from time to time, and where appropriate, the management will consider hedging its foreign currency exposure.

The Group will closely monitor movements of interest rates and foreign currencies market so as to mitigate the
expected risk on interest rates and foreign currencies.

Pledge of Assets
As at 30 June 2025, the Group had no pledge of assets.

Contingent Liabilities
As at 30 June 2025, the Group had no material contingent liabilities.

Acquisitions and Disposals of Subsidiaries, Associates and Joint Ventures
There has been no significant acquisition or disposal of subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures by the Group during
the six months ended 30 June 2025.




                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         28
                                                                                             INTERIM REPORT 2025
     OTHER INFORMATION


     Share Award Scheme
     The CMS Share Award Scheme was adopted on 17 January 2024 by a resolution of the Board. Details regarding
     grants to be satisfied by existing shares will be disclosed in the annual report ending 31 December 2025 according to
     the Listing Rules’ requirements.


     Share Option Scheme
     As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Company did not have any share option scheme.


     Interim Dividend
     The Board has resolved to pay an interim dividend of RMB0.1555 (equivalent to HKD0.171 and SGD0.028) per
     ordinary share of the Company for the six months ended 30 June 2025 to the shareholders (“Shareholders”) whose
     names appear on the register of members of the Company after market closes on Tuesday, 2 September 2025 (the
     “Record Date”). Payment of such interim dividend is expected to be made to the Shareholders on about Tuesday, 9
     September 2025. For the purpose of determination of the Shareholders registered under the Company’s register of
     members in Hong Kong and register of members in Singapore for receiving the interim dividend in Hong Kong dollars
     or Singapore dollars respectively, any removal of the Shares between the Company’s register of members in Hong
     Kong and register of members in Singapore has to be made by the Shareholders no later than 4:30 p.m. (both Hong
     Kong and Singapore times) on Tuesday, 19 August 2025.

     Closure of Register of Members
     For Hong Kong Shareholders
     The register of members of the Company will be closed on Tuesday, 2 September 2025, on which the registration of
     transfer of shares of the Company will be suspended. To qualify for the interim dividend, all transfer forms of Shares
     accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company’s branch share registrar in Hong
     Kong, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, at Shops 1712-1716, 17/F, Hopewell Centre, 183
     Queen’s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong, for registration no later than 4:30 p.m. (Hong Kong time) on Monday, 1
     September 2025. Interim dividend will be paid in Hong Kong dollars to Hong Kong Shareholders.

     For Singapore Shareholders
     To qualify for the interim dividend, all transfer documents accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be
     lodged with the Company’s Singapore share transfer agent, In.Corp Corporate Services Pte. Ltd. at 36 Robinson
     Road, #20-01 City House, Singapore 068877 for registration no later than 5:00 p.m. (Singapore time) on Tuesday, 2
     September 2025. Interim dividend will be paid in Singapore dollars to Singapore Shareholders.


     Directors’ and Chief Executive’s Interests and Short Positions in Shares,
     Underlying Shares and Debentures of the Company and Its Associated
     Corporations
     As of 30 June 2025, the interests or short positions of the Directors and Chief Executive in the shares, underlying
     shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the
     Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)) as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company
     pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the SEHK, pursuant to the Model
     Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) as set out in Appendix C3 of the
     Listing Rules were as follows:

29   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     INTERIM REPORT 2025
                                                                                                                         OTHER INFORMATION
                                                                                                                                          (CONTINUED)




                                                                                Class of Shares and Total                 Approximate Percentage
  Name of Directors                      Nature of Interest                   Number of Shares /Underlying                 of shareholdings as of
                                                                                  Shares Held (Note 1)                          30 June 2025

（a）The Company

     Mr. Lam Kong              Interest in controlled corporation               1,167,564,000 (L) (Note 2)                           47.86%

                                          Beneficial owner                              17,038,225 (L)                                0.70%
 Mr. Chen Hongbing
                               Interest in controlled corporation                  50,225,000 (L) (Note 3)                            2.06%

   Ms. Chen Yanling                       Beneficial owner                               7,246,250 (L)                                0.30%

（b）Associated Corporation – Dermavon Holdings Limited

     Mr. Lam Kong                         Beneficial owner                               97 (L) (Note 4)                              0.89%

   Ms. Chen Yanling                       Beneficial owner                              104 (L) (Note 5)                              0.95%


Notes:
1. The letter “L” denotes long positions in the Shares.
2. These Shares are held by Mr. Lam Kong through Treasure Sea Limited, a company wholly owned by him.
3. These Shares are held by Mr. Chen Hongbing through Viewell Limited, a company wholly owned by him.
4. Mr. Lam Kong is entitled to 97 unvested shares underlying the awards granted to Mr. Lam under the share award scheme of Dermavon Holdings Limited.
5. Ms. Chen Yanling is entitled to 104 unvested shares underlying the restricted share units granted to Ms. Chen under the share incentive scheme of Dermavon
Holdings Limited.


Save as disclosed above, as of 30 June 2025, none of the Directors and Chief Executive of the Company had
any interests or short positions in the shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or its associated
corporations (within the meaning in Part XV of the SFO), which were required to be and are recorded in the register
required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, or which were required to be notified to the
Company and the SEHK, pursuant to the Model Code.


Directors’ Right to Acquire Shares or Debentures
At no time during the Reporting Period were rights to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in or
debentures of the Company granted to any Director or their respective spouses or minor children, or were any such
rights exercised by them; nor was the Company or any of its subsidiaries a party to any arrangements to enable the
Directors, their respective spouses or minor children to acquire such rights in any other body corporate.


Substantial Shareholders’ Interests and Short Positions in Shares,
Underlying Shares and Debentures of the Company and Its Associated
Corporations
Saved as disclosed above, as of 30 June 2025, the Directors were not aware of any other person (other than the
Directors or the Chief Executive of the Company) who held interests and short positions in the shares or underlying
shares or debentures of the Company which would have to be disclosed to the Company and the Stock Exchange
pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or were recorded in the register required to be kept by the
Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.



                                                                                                     CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED                      30
                                                                                                                      INTERIM REPORT 2025
     OTHER INFORMATION
     (CONTINUED)




     Purchase, Sale or Redemption of the Company’s Listed Securities
     None of the Company or any of its subsidiaries has purchased, sold or redeemed any of the listed securities (including
     treasury shares (as defined under the Listing Rules)) of the Company during the Reporting Period.


     Employees
     As of 30 June 2025, the Group had a total of 6,095 employees. To meet the talent development needs of the Group,
     the Group continuously optimize the Group’s strategy, organizational structure, improve the Group’s performance
     management and salary incentive system, etc., further stimulate organizational vitality and improve organizational
     operation efficiency, enabling the Group’s human resource management to fully match with the Group’s development
     strategy. The Group provides employees with competitive remuneration packages, including medium- and long-term
     equity incentive schemes, salaries, bonuses, insurance and benefits, which are based on employees’ performance and
     are measured against specific objective criteria. Additionally, the Group is committed to providing equal opportunities
     to all employees in all respects and has made efforts in continuing education and training programs for employees,
     such as orientation programs for new employees, regulation-related trainings and job skills trainings, to continuously
     enhance employees’ knowledge, skills and teamwork spirit.


     Audit Committee
     The Company established an Audit Committee in 2007. The Audit Committee currently comprises three independent
     non-executive Directors, and is chaired by Mr. Fung Ching Simon, with Mr. Leung Chong Shun and Ms. Luo Laura
     Ying as Committee members.

     The primary duties of the Audit Committee are to provide the Directors with an independent review of the effectiveness
     of the financial reporting process, internal control and risk management system of the Company, to oversee the audit
     process and to perform other duties and responsibilities as assigned by the Directors. The Audit Committee also
     oversees the Company’s appointment of external auditors.

     The Company’s interim result announcement and interim report for the six months ended 30 June 2025 have been
     reviewed by the Audit Committee of the Company and approved by the Board with recommendation of the Audit
     Committee.


     Changes in Director’s Information
     Pursuant to Rule 13.51B (1) of the Listing Rules, during the Reporting Period and up to the Latest Practicable Date (18
     August 2025) of this Interim Report, changes in the information of the Directors are listed as below:

     Ms. Luo Laura Ying resigned from the positions of investment director at GL China Equity HK Management Limited in
     June 2025.

     Mr. Chen Hongbing resigned as a non-executive Director of the Company with effect from 18 August 2025.




31   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     INTERIM REPORT 2025
                                                                                          OTHER INFORMATION
                                                                                                      (CONTINUED)




Corporate Governance Practices
During the Reporting Period, the Company has complied with the applicable principles and code provisions of the
Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) as set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules, except for a deviation
from the Code Provision C.2.1 in respect of the roles of Chairman and Chief Executive which shall not be performed
by the same individual.

Mr. Lam Kong has been both the Chairman and Chief Executive of the Company and his responsibilities are clearly
established and set out in writing and approved by the Board. Given the Group’s current stage of development, the
Board considers that vesting the roles of Chairman and Chief Executive in the same person facilitates the execution
of the Group’s business strategies and maximizes effectiveness of its operations. The Board shall nevertheless review
the Group’s management structure from time to time and shall consider any appropriate adjustments should new
circumstances arise.

The Company makes available to the Directors monthly updates of the Company, in order to keep the Directors
informed of the Company’s latest performance and operations. In addition, the Directors also receive regular updates
from time to time on changes and developments of the relevant legislation and regulatory environments.

All Directors participate in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills
to ensure that their advice to the Board remains effective and relevant. The Company keeps records of the training
received by Directors.


Directors’ Securities Transactions
The Company has adopted the Written Guidelines for Securities Transactions by Directors and Relevant Employees
(the “Written Guidelines”) on no less exacting terms than the Model Code as the code of conduct for Directors’
securities transactions. Having made specific inquiries in relation to the compliance with the Written Guidelines for
securities transactions by Directors, the Company confirmed that all the Directors have complied with the relevant
standards for securities transactions by Directors set out in the Written Guidelines during the Reporting Period. The
Written Guidelines also apply to other specified senior management of the Company.

Employees who are likely to be in possession of unpublished price-sensitive information about the Company are also
subject to compliance with the Written Guidelines. No incident of non-compliance with the Written Guidelines by such
employees was noted by the Company in the Reporting Period.


Disclosure of Information
The Interim Report for the Reporting Period will be duly dispatched to shareholders of the Company and published on
websites of the SEHK (www.hkexnews.hk), the SGX-ST (www.sgx.com) and the Company (www.cms.net.cn).




                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        32
                                                                                            INTERIM REPORT 2025
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT
     OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER
     COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
     FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2025
                                                                                      Six months ended 30 June
                                                                              NOTES           2025               2024
                                                                                          RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                         (unaudited)       (unaudited)
     Turnover                                                                   3        4,001,980         3,611,069
     Cost of goods sold                                                                 (1,110,068)          (914,569)

     Gross profit                                                                       2,891,912           2,696,500
     Other income                                                                           79,155            144,457
     Other gains and losses                                                                 76,658             (24,697)
     Selling expenses                                                                  (1,424,465)         (1,400,459)
     Administrative expenses                                                             (430,817)           (361,505)
     Research and development expenses                                                   (202,489)           (105,575)
     Finance costs                                                                         (11,277)            (21,649)
     Share of results of associates                                                       164,619             209,596
     Share of results of a joint venture                                                       749                (332)

     Profit before tax                                                                  1,144,045          1,136,336
     Income tax expense                                                         4        (212,552)          (232,934)

     Profit for the period                                                      5         931,493            903,402

     Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
     Share of other comprehensive (expense) income of associates                            (1,845)             2,512
     Exchange differences arising on translation of foreign operations                      (1,082)             1,204
     Exchange differences arising on translation of interest in associates                 25,455              (6,176)
     Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
     Fair value gain (loss) on equity instrument
       at fair value through other comprehensive income                                       633             (81,443)

     Other comprehensive income (expense) for the period, net of income tax                23,161             (83,903)

     Total comprehensive income for the period                                            954,654            819,499

     Profit (loss) for the period attributable to:
      Owners of the Company                                                               941,178            910,426
      Non-controlling interests                                                             (9,685)            (7,024)

                                                                                          931,493            903,402

     Total comprehensive income (expense) for the period attributable to:
      Owners of the Company                                                               964,339            826,523
      Non-controlling interests                                                             (9,685)            (7,024)

                                                                                          954,654            819,499

                                                                                             RMB                 RMB
     Earnings per share                                                         7
      Basic                                                                                0.3892             0.3734




33   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     INTERIM REPORT 2025
        CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                          FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                       AT 30 JUNE 2025




                                                                          30 June      31 December
                                                        NOTES                2025              2024
                                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                       (unaudited)          (audited)
Non-current assets
 Property, plant and equipment                            8               360,759           375,893
 Right-of-use assets                                                       74,821            72,197
 Interest in associates                                   9             3,584,523         3,389,827
 Interest in a joint venture                                              169,551           181,804
 Intangible assets                                                      2,289,022         2,301,346
 Goodwill                                                               1,547,903         1,547,903
 Equity instruments at fair value through
   other comprehensive income                                             130,416           129,783
 Deposits paid for acquisition of intangible assets                     1,318,655         1,189,256
 Amount due from an associate                            11                30,000            30,000
 Deferred tax assets                                                       61,343            52,693
 Loan receivable                                                           80,641            72,227

                                                                        9,647,634         9,342,929

Current assets
 Inventories                                                              791,990           768,139
 Financial asset at fair value through profit or loss                   2,514,103         2,160,097
 Trade and other receivables and prepayments             10             2,048,718         1,780,483
 Tax recoverable                                                            5,553             5,553
 Amount due from associates                              11               475,014           284,088
 Bank balances and cash                                                 3,454,072         3,706,501

                                                                        9,289,450         8,704,861

Current liabilities
 Trade and other payables                                12               638,720           484,797
 Lease liabilities                                                         13,278            16,933
 Contract liabilities                                                      13,814            16,610
 Bank borrowings                                         13               715,000           831,300
 Tax liabilities                                                          227,424           166,423

                                                                        1,608,236         1,516,063

Net current assets                                                      7,681,214         7,188,798

Total assets less current liabilities                                  17,328,848        16,531,727




                                                                CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED    34
                                                                                 INTERIM REPORT 2025
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
     (CONTINUED)
     AT 30 JUNE 2025




                                                                                        30 June       31 December
                                                                     NOTE                  2025               2024
                                                                                       RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                     (unaudited)           (audited)
     Capital and reserves
      Share capital                                                   14                83,564              83,564
      Reserves                                                                      16,935,387          16,227,905

     Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                   17,018,951          16,311,469
     Non-controlling interests                                                         146,766              91,639

                                                                                    17,165,717          16,403,108

     Non-current liabilities
      Deferred tax liabilities                                                         143,811             116,109
      Lease liabilities                                                                 19,320              12,510

                                                                                       163,131             128,619

                                                                                    17,328,848          16,531,727


     The condensed consolidated financial statements on pages 33 to 48 were approved and authorised for issue by the
     Board of Directors on 18 August 2025 and are signed on its behalf by:




                                      LAM Kong                 CHEN Yanling
                                      DIRECTOR                  DIRECTOR




35   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     INTERIM REPORT 2025
            CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                              CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                                                        FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2025




                                                                 Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                                                                                                 Attributable
                                                               Surplus                  Investments                                                                to non-
                             Share       Share       Capital    reserve   Translation    revaluation   Accumulated     Dividend    Treasury         Sub-         controlling
                             Capital    premium      reserve      fund      reserve        reserve        profits       reserve      stock          total         interests       Total
                            RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000
Balance at 1 January
 2025 (audited)             83,564 2,025,601        19,545     438,872      65,191        (406,066) 13,959,009         283,700     (157,947) 16,311,469             91,639      16,403,108

Profit (loss) for the
 period                            -            -          -          -            -              -      941,178              -                     941,178           (9,685)     931,493
Other comprehensive
 income
 for the period                    -            -          -          -     22,528             633               -            -               -       23,161                -       23,161

Total comprehensive
 income (expense)
 for the period                    -            -          -          -     22,528             633       941,178              -               -     964,339           (9,685)     954,654
Recognition of equity-
 settled share-based
 payments(note 14)                 -          24           -          -            -              -              -            -      27,286           27,310                -       27,310
Capital contribution
 from non-controlling
 interests                         -            -          -          -            -              -              -            -               -            -        64,812          64,812
Dividends paid (note 6)            -            -          -          -            -              -           (467)    (283,700)              -     (284,167)            -        (284,167)
Dividends proposed
 (note 6)                          -            -          -         -             -              -      (376,388)     376,388                -              -              -              -
Transfer of reserves               -            -          -       793             -              -          (793)           -                -              -              -              -

Balance at 30 June
 2025 (unaudited)            83,564     2,025,625    19,545    439,665       87,719        (405,433)    14,522,539      376,388     (130,661)      17,018,951       146,766      17,165,717


                                                                 Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                                                                                                 Attributable
                                                               Surplus                  Investments                                                                to non-
                             Share       Share       Capital    reserve   Translation    revaluation   Accumulated     Dividend    Treasury         Sub-         controlling
                             Capital    premium      reserve      fund      reserve        reserve        profits       reserve      stock          total         interests       Total
                            RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000
Balance at 1 January
 2024 (audited)             83,991 2,105,621        19,545     425,635      65,052        (371,956) 13,000,329         191,991                -   15,520,208        36,199      15,556,407

Profit (loss) for the
 period                            -            -          -          -            -              -      910,426              -                     910,426           (7,024)     903,402
Other comprehensive
 expense for the period            -            -          -          -      (2,460)       (81,443)              -            -               -       (83,903)              -       (83,903)

Total comprehensive
 (expense) income for
 the period                        -            -          -          -      (2,460)       (81,443)      910,426              -               -     826,523           (7,024)     819,499
Repurchase and
 cancellation of ordinary
 shares                         (427)    (80,020)          -          -            -              -              -            -               -       (80,447)              -       (80,447)
Repurchased but not
 cancelled ordinary
 shares                            -            -          -          -            -              -              -            -    (157,947)        (157,947)               -     (157,947)
Capital contribution
 from non-controlling
 interests                         -            -          -          -            -              -              -            -               -            -        26,475          26,475
Dividends paid (note 6)            -            -          -          -            -              -              -     (191,991)              -     (191,991)            -        (191,991)
Dividends proposed
 (note 6)                          -            -          -         -             -              -      (364,171)     364,171                -              -              -              -
Transfer of reserves               -            -          -     3,881             -              -         (3,881)          -                -              -              -              -

Balance at 30 June
 2024 (unaudited)            83,564     2,025,601    19,545    429,516       62,592        (453,399)    13,542,703      364,171     (157,947)      15,916,346        55,650      15,971,996




                                                                                                                      CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED                                    36
                                                                                                                                       INTERIM REPORT 2025
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
     CASH FLOWS
     FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2025



                                                                    Six months ended 30 June
                                                            NOTES          2025               2024
                                                                       RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                      (unaudited)        (unaudited)
     Net cash from operating activities                                 556,838            872,866
     Net cash used in investing activities
      Purchase of property, plant and equipment               8           (7,298)            (4,329)
      Payments for acquisitions of financial
        assets at fair value through profit or loss                    (277,441)           (296,314)
      Deposits for acquisition of intangible assets                    (225,113)           (456,605)
      Interest received                                                  38,737              58,175
      Dividend received from associates                                 132,202              68,260
      Dividend received from financial
        assets at fair value through profit or loss                       6,943                   -
      Capital injection to associates                                  (125,667)             (2,906)
                                                                       (457,637)           (633,719)
     Net cash used in financing activities
      Interest paid                                                      (11,317)            (29,474)
      Dividends paid                                          6        (284,167)           (191,991)
      Payment of deferred consideration payables                                -              (1,000)
      Payment of lease liabilities                                         (8,981)             (7,857)
      New bank borrowings raised                                        305,700             422,000
      Repayment of bank borrowings                                     (422,000)           (590,000)
      Payment on repurchase of shares                                           -          (238,394)
      Capital contribution from non-controlling interests                 64,812                2,794
                                                                       (355,953)           (633,922)
     Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                         (256,752)          (394,775)
     Cash and cash equivalent at beginning of the period              3,706,501          4,311,058
     Effect of exchange rate changes on the balance of
      cash held in foreign currencies                                     4,323              (1,911)
     Cash and cash equivalent at end of the period,
      represented by bank balances and cash                           3,454,072          3,914,372




37   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     INTERIM REPORT 2025
       NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                        FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2025




1.   BASIS OF PREPARATION
     The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International
     Accounting Standard 34 Interim Financial Reporting issued by the International Accounting Standards Board
     (“IASB”) as well as with the applicable disclosure requirements of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities
     on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.


2.   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
     The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for
     certain financial instruments, which are measured at fair values, as appropriate.

     Except as described below, the accounting policies and methods of computation used in the condensed
     consolidated financial statements for the six months ended 30 June 2025 are the same as those followed in
     the preparation of the Group’s annual financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2024.

     In the current interim period, the Group has applied, for the first time, certain revised IFRS Accounting
     Standards issued by the IASB that are mandatorily effective for the Group’s annual period beginning on 1
     January 2025 for the preparation of the Group’s condensed consolidated financial statements. The application
     of revised IFRS Accounting Standards in the current interim period has had no material effect on the amounts
     reported in these condensed consolidated financial statements and/or disclosures set out in these condensed
     consolidated financial statements.


3.   TURNOVER AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
     Turnover

     The Group mainly sells pharmaceutical products to distributors throughout the PRC and provides promotion
     services to certain pharmaceutical manufacturers.

     For sales of pharmaceutical products to customers, revenue is recognised at a point in time when control of the
     pharmaceutical products is passed to customers, i.e. when the products are delivered and titles have passed
     to customers upon receipt by customers.

     For provision of promotion services to customers, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the Group
     satisfies its obligation to arrange for the pharmaceutical products to be provided by suppliers to distributors.

     The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue from its major products and services:


                                                                                         Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                         2025                 2024
                                                                                     RMB’000              RMB’000
     Sales of pharmaceutical products                                               3,088,802            2,685,638
     Promotion income                                                                 913,178              925,431
                                                                                    4,001,980            3,611,069



                                                                          CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         38
                                                                                           INTERIM REPORT 2025
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2025




           The sale and promotion income of the Group are generated from external customers, which are primarily
           located in the PRC.

           Segment information

           The Group determines its operating segments based on the internal reports reviewed by the chief operating
           decision maker, the Executive Directors of the Company that are used for resources allocation and assessment
           of segment performance.



           During the Reporting Period, the Group reorganised its internal reporting structure which resulted in changes
           to the composition of its reportable segments. The number of its reportable operating segment was changed
           to two segments, i.e. (i) integrated pharmaceuticals portfolio (the “Integrated Business”) and (ii) skin diseases
           related business (the “Skin Health Business”), from one segment that was research and development,
           promotion, sales and manufacturing of pharmaceutical products. Prior year segment disclosures have been
           represented to conform with the current Reporting Period’s presentation.

           The revenue and performance of reportable operating segments of the group are analyzed below:

           For the six months ended 30 June 2025
                                                             Integrated     Skin Health
                                                              Business       Business        Elimination       Total
                                                              RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000

           External revenue                                    3,528,576         473,404                -       4,001,980
           Inter-segment revenue                                  18,953          24,624          (43,577)              -
           Turnover                                            3,547,529         498,028          (43,577)      4,001,980
           Gross profit                                        2,621,852         307,728          (37,668)      2,891,912
           Profit (loss) for the period                          982,033          (31,080)        (19,460)        931,493


           For the six months ended 30 June 2024
                                                             Integrated     Skin Health
                                                              Business       Business        Elimination       Total
                                                              RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000

           External revenue                                    3,395,424         215,645                -       3,611,069
           Inter-segment revenue                                  38,007          28,159          (66,166)              -
           Turnover                                            3,433,431         243,804          (66,166)      3,611,069
           Gross profit                                        2,584,580         158,319          (46,399)      2,696,500
           Profit (loss) for the period                          978,048          (55,123)        (19,523)        903,402




39   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     INTERIM REPORT 2025
                            NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                       (CONTINUED)
                                                                            FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2025




     The assets and liabilities of reportable operating segments of the group are analyzed below:


     As at 30 June 2025
                                                      Integrated      Skin Health
                                                       Business        Business       Elimination       Total
                                                       RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000

     Segment assets                                    19,151,409        2,710,323      (2,924,648)     18,937,084
     Segment liabilities                                 1,667,412         112,842           (8,887)     1,771,367


     As at 31 December 2024
                                                      Integrated      Skin Health
                                                       Business        Business       Elimination       Total
                                                       RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000

     Segment assets                                    18,521,257        2,175,853      (2,649,320)     18,047,790
     Segment liabilities                                 1,653,722         224,825        (233,865)      1,644,682



4.   INCOME TAX EXPENSE
                                                                                        Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                        2025                2024
                                                                                     RMB’000             RMB’000
     Current tax:
      PRC Enterprise Income Tax                                                       124,222             132,256
      Hong Kong Profits Tax                                                             1,366               2,493
      Macau Complementary Income Tax                                                   60,714              10,888
      Dubai Tax                                                                         7,198               5,802
     Withholding tax                                                                        -              85,000
                                                                                      193,500             236,439
     Deferred taxation:
      Current period                                                                   19,052               (3,505)
     Income tax expense for the period                                                212,552             232,934




                                                                          CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED       40
                                                                                           INTERIM REPORT 2025
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2025




     5.    PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD
                                                                                          Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                          2025              2024
                                                                                       RMB’000           RMB’000
           Profit for the period has been arrived at after charging (crediting):
           Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                 23,713             23,330
           Amortisation of intangible assets (included in
            cost of goods sold)                                                           97,751             90,733
           Cost of inventories recognised as an expense                               1,008,582            820,236
           Equity-settled share-based expense                                             27,310                  -
           Interest income                                                               (47,841)           (67,066)
           Net exchange (gain) loss                                                      (16,771)             2,584



     6.    DIVIDENDS
           During the Reporting Period, a final dividend of RMB 0.1174 per share in respect of the year ended 31
           December 2024 (six months ended 30 June 2024: RMB0.0783 per share in respect of the year ended 31
           December 2023) was declared and paid to the owners of the Company. The aggregate amount of the final
           dividend declared and paid during the Reporting Period amounted to RMB284,167,000 (six months ended 30
           June 2024: RMB191,991,000).

           Subsequent to the end of the interim period, the directors have determined that an interim dividend of
           RMB0.1555 per share and amounting to RMB376,388,000 (six months ended 30 June 2024: RMB0.1507 per
           share and amounting to RMB364,171,000) will be paid to the shareholders of the Company.


     7.    EARNINGS PER SHARE
           The calculation of the basic earnings per share attributable to the owners of the Company is based on the
           following data:

                                                                                         Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                          2025               2024
                                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000
           Earnings
           Earnings for the purposes of basic earnings per share
           (profit for the period attributable to owners of the Company)                941,178            910,426
           Number of shares
           Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the
           purpose of basic earnings per share                                     2,418,526,188    2,438,355,600


           No diluted earnings per share for the six months ended 30 June 2025 and for the six months ended 30 June
           2024 were presented as there were no potential ordinary shares in issue for both periods.




41   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     INTERIM REPORT 2025
                             NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     (CONTINUED)
                                                                          FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2025




8.   MOVEMENTS IN PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
     During the Reporting Period, the Group spent RMB7,298,000 (six months ended 30 June 2024:
     RMB4,329,000) on the acquisition of property, plant and equipment in order to upgrade its manufacturing and
     management efficiency.



9.   INTEREST IN ASSOCIATES
                                                                                    30 June         31 December
                                                                                       2025                2024
                                                                                   RMB’000              RMB’000
     Cost of investments in associates
      Listed outside Hong Kong                                                    2,304,356             2,304,356
      Unlisted                                                                      604,896               479,229
     Impairment loss on interest in an associate                                   (100,000)             (100,000)
     Share of post-acquisition profits and other
      comprehensive income, net of dividends received                               725,973               682,399
     Exchange adjustments                                                            49,298                23,843
                                                                                  3,584,523             3,389,827
     Fair value of listed investment (Note)                                       4,433,280             4,416,423


     Note: The fair value of the Group’s interest in Tibet Rhodiola Pharmaceutical Holding Company (“Tibet
           Pharmaceutical”), of which its shares are listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, was determined on
           the basis of the quoted market price available on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, which is a level 1 input
           in terms of IFRS 13.

     As at 30 June 2025 and 31 December 2024, details of the associates are as follows:


                                    Place of     Principal       Proportion of
                                establishment/   place of     ownership interest
       Name of associates        incorporation   business      held by the Group          Principal activities
                                                             30 June 31 December
                                                              2025         2024
     Tibet Pharmaceutical            PRC           PRC       37.36%     37.36%     Production of medicines
                                                                                    and sale of drugs


     Shenzhen Kangmai                PRC           PRC       50.00%     50.00%     Research and
      Biotechnology Co., Ltd.                                                       development
                                                                                    of antibodies medicines

     Eye Tech Care (“ETC”)          France        France     36.17%     36.17%     Research and development of
                                                                                    therapeutic ultrasound device
     PharmaGend Global            Singapore      Singapore   45.00%     45.00%     Production of medicines
      Medical                                                                       and sale of drugs
      Services Pte. Ltd
     Higend Sciences Limited Cayman Islands      Singapore   50.00%        -       Research and development of
                                                                                    medicines


                                                                        CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        42
                                                                                         INTERIM REPORT 2025
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2025




     10. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES AND PREPAYMENTS
                                                                                             30 June         31 December
                                                                                                2025                 2024
                                                                                            RMB’000              RMB’000
           Trade receivables                                                               1,451,789            1,232,012
           Less: allowance for credit losses                                                   (9,665)             (9,533)
                                                                                           1,442,124            1,222,479
           Bills receivables                                                                 178,560              198,805
           Purchase prepayment                                                               260,315              204,617
           Other receivables and deposits                                                    167,719              154,582
                                                                                           2,048,718            1,780,483


           The Group normally allows a credit period ranging from 0 to 90 days to its trade customers, but longer credit
           period up to four months is allowed to some selected customers.

           An aging analysis of the trade receivables (net of allowance for credit losses) presented based on the dates
           of receipt of goods at the respective reporting dates, which approximated the respective revenue recognition
           date, is as follows:

                                                                                             30 June         31 December
                                                                                                2025                 2024
                                                                                            RMB’000              RMB’000
           0 - 90 days                                                                     1,403,354            1,186,892
           91 - 365 days                                                                      38,770               35,587
                                                                                           1,442,124            1,222,479


           The bills receivables of the Group are of the age within six months at the end of the Reporting Period.


     11. AMOUNT DUE FROM ASSOCIATES
           As at 30 June 2025, the balance of approximately RMB30,000,000 (31 December 2024: RMB30,000,000)
           was non-trade nature and non-interest bearing, represented deposit to Tibet Pharmaceutical for an exclusive
           distribution right.

           As at 30 June 2025, the balance of approximately RMB475,014,000 (31 December 2024: RMB284,088,000)
           was trade nature and non-interest bearing, represented promotion income receivables from Tibet
           Pharmaceutical and ETC. The Group allows a credit period of 90 days to associates. The balance as at 30
           June 2025 was aged within three months (31 December 2024: within three months) based on the invoice date.




43   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     INTERIM REPORT 2025
                          NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   (CONTINUED)
                                                                         FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2025




12. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
   An aging analysis of the trade payables presented based on the invoice date at the end of the Reporting Period
   is as follows:
                                                                                    30 June        31 December
                                                                                       2025                2024
                                                                                  RMB’000              RMB’000
    0 - 90 days                                                                    133,171              135,883
    91 - 365 days                                                                     3,136               4,212
    Over 365 days                                                                     1,009               2,337
   Trade payables                                                                  137,316             142,432
   Payroll and welfare payables                                                    243,965             214,922
   Other tax payables                                                               47,870              27,416
   Accrued promotion expenses                                                      118,655              26,315
   Accruals                                                                         66,703              61,232
   Other payables                                                                   24,211              12,480
                                                                                   638,720             484,797


   The credit period on purchases of goods ranges from 0 to 120 days.


13. BANK BORROWINGS
                                                                                  30 June         31 December
                                                                                     2025                 2024
                                                                                 RMB’000              RMB’000
   Bank loans                                                                     715,000              831,300
   Analysed as:
   Unsecured                                                                       715,000             831,300
   Classified as:
   Current liabilities                                                             715,000             831,300


   During the Reporting Period, the Group’s bank borrowings decreased by a net amount of RMB116,300,000
   (six months ended 30 June 2024: decreased by a net amount of RMB163,125,000), the weighted average
   interest rate of loans was 2.3% (six months ended 30 June 2024: 3.3%) per annum.




                                                                        CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED       44
                                                                                         INTERIM REPORT 2025
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2025




     14. SHARE CAPITAL
                                                                                       Number of shares                 Amount
                                                                                                   ’000                RMB’000
           Authorised share capital:
           At 31 December 2024 and 30 June 2025                                               20,000,000                765,218
           Issued and fully paid:
           At 31 December 2024 and 30 June 2025                                                2,439,529                  83,564


           On 28 March 2025, the Company granted 3,973,400 of its shares with a fair value of RMB27,310,000 at the
           grant date, to employees who have made outstanding contributions to the launch of new products. On 31
           March 2025, 3,973,400 shares were fully vested. Accordingly, RMB27,310,000 was recognised in profit or loss
           and the cost of RMB27,286,000 was deducted from treasury stock, the difference of RMB24,000 was credited
           into share premium.


     15. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
           Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring
           basis

           Some of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities are measured at fair value at the end of each
           reporting period. The following table gives information on how the fair values of these financial assets and
           financial liabilities are determined (in particular, the valuation techniques and inputs used), as well as the level
           of the fair value hierarchy into which the fair value measurements are categorised (levels 1 to 3) based on the
           degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable.

           •   Level 1 fair value measurements are those derived from quoted prices (unadjusted) in the active market for
               identical assets or liabilities;
           •   Level 2 fair value measurements are those derived from inputs other than quoted prices included within
               Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived
               from prices); and
           •   Level 3 fair value measurements are those derived from valuation techniques that include inputs for the
               assets or liabilities that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).




45   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     INTERIM REPORT 2025
                        NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                (CONTINUED)
                                                                                 FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2025




Financial                                               Fair value   Valuation                        Significant
instruments                Fair value as at             hierarchy    techniques and key inputs        unobservable inputs
                   30/06/2025           31/12/2024

1)   Equity        Listed equity      Listed equity      Level 1     Quoted bid prices in             Nil
     instruments   securities on      securities on                  an active market.
     at FVTOCI     stock              stock
      - listed     exchanges -        exchanges -
                   nil                RMB
                                      20,000


2)   Equity        Unlisted equity    Unlisted equity    Level 3     Market approach by applying      The ratio of market capital
     instruments   investments -      investments -                  market multiples such as the     to net book value from
     at FVTOCI     RMB                RMB                            ratio of market capital to net   comparable companies
      - unlisted   130,416,000        129,763,000                    book value from comparable
                                                                     companies.


3)   Financial     Listed equity      Listed equity      Level 1     Quoted bid prices in             Nil
     asset at      securities on      securities on                  an active market.
     FVTPL         the HKEX -         the HKEX -
     - listed      RMB1,442,000       RMB2,474,000


4)   Financial     Assets - RMB       Assets - RMB       Level 3     Direct comparison - reference    Recent transaction prices
     asset at      1,067,968,000      926,124,000                    to market evidence of recent     of underlying investments
     FVTPL                                                           transaction prices of the
     - capital                                                       underlying investments.
       funds


5)   Financial     Assets - RMB       Assets - RMB       Level 2     Recent Transaction method,       Nil
     asset at      1,254,932,000      981,291,000                    quoted bid prices in an
     FVTPL                                                           inactive market.
     - unlisted


6)   Financial     Assets - RMB       Assets - RMB       Level 3     Market approach by applying      The ratio of market capital
     asset at      189,761,000        250,208,000                    market multiples such as the     to net book value from
     at FVTPL                                                        ratio of market capita to net    comparable companies
     - unlisted                                                      book value from comparable
                                                                     companies.




                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED                    46
                                                                                            INTERIM REPORT 2025
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2025




           Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements


                                                                    Equity instruments     Financial assets
                                                                       at FVTOCI              at FVTPL             Total
                                                                        RMB’000               RMB’000             RMB’000

           As at 1 January 2024                                                125,344           1,319,120           1,444,464
           Purchases                                                                 -              61,589              61,589
           Total gains
            - in profit or loss                                                       -                 463                 463
            - in other comprehensive income                                     (49,503)                  -             (49,503)

           As at 30 June 2024                                                    75,841          1,381,172           1,457,013

           As at 1 January 2025                                                129,763           1,176,332           1,306,095
           Purchases                                                                 -             133,681             133,681
           Transfer to level 2 from level 3                                          -              (55,913)            (55,913)
           Total gains
            - in profit or loss                                                       -               3,629               3,629
            - in other comprehensive income                                         653                    -                653

           As at 30 June 2025                                                  130,416           1,257,729           1,388,145


           Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are not measured at fair value on a recurring
           basis

           The directors of the Company consider that the carrying amounts of financial assets and financial liabilities
           recorded at amortised cost in the condensed consolidated financial statements approximate their fair values.


     16. CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
                                                                                                 30 June          31 December
                                                                                                    2025                 2024
                                                                                                RMB’000               RMB’000
           Capital expenditure in respect of the acquisition of
            below items contracted for but not provided in the
            condensed consolidated financial statements
            - financial assets at FVTPL                                                          446,482               576,499
            - interest in an associate                                                            34,541                34,541




47   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     INTERIM REPORT 2025
                          NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    (CONTINUED)
                                                                          FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2025




17. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
   Balances and transactions between the Company and its subsidiaries, which are related parties of the
   Company, have been eliminated on consolidation and are not disclosed in this note. Details of transactions
   between the Group and other related parties are disclosed below, in addition to the transactions and balances
   disclosed elsewhere in the condensed consolidated financial statements.

   (a)   The Group entered into the following transactions with related parties during the Reporting Period:

          Name of                                      Nature of                   Six months ended 30 June
          related company          Relationship        transactions                  2025            2024
                                                                                   RMB’000        RMB’000

          Tibet Pharmaceutical     Associate           Promotion income                834,632           830,701
          ETC                      Associate           Purchase of goods                     -             5,556
          ETC                      Associate           Promotion income                  3,453             5,642
          Shenzhen Mediportal
           Health Medical
           Internet Limited        Related party       Service fee                          257                630
          Shenzhen Mediportal
           Health Technology
           Co., Ltd.               Related party       Service fee                        1,515                  -
          A&B (HK) Company
           Limited                 Related party       Royalty expenses                     805            1,423


   (b)   On 20 August 2018, the Group entered into a framework asset transfer agreement with A&B relating to
         the pharmaceutical preparation, formulation, dosage form, or delivery vehicle, containing or comprising
         NRL-1 etc. and/or line extensions developed by or for Neurelis, Inc. (“Neurelis”) (collectively, the
         “Product of NRL-1”). Neurelis is one of Group’s unlisted equity investments. According to terms of such
         agreement, the Group has agreed to acquire from A&B all assets related to the Product of NRL-1 (the
         “Assets of NRL-1”) in the Territory (the “Transaction of NRL-1”). A&B obtained the Assets of NRL-1 from
         its related entity which in turn obtained the Assets of NRL-1 from Neurelis. As at 31 December 2023,
         the Group and A&B had negotiated and agreed on the terms of the Transaction of NRL-1, the Group
         has agreed to pay A&B a royalty payment of up to US$0.6 per Unit of NRL-1 imported into or sold in the
         Territories, and the Group has agreed to pay A&B a royalty payment of 9.0% on the net sales of NRL-1
         sold by the Group in the Territories. The Group has accrual amount of RMB805,000 (six months ended
         30 June 2024: RMB1,423,000) of royalty expense during six months ended 30 June 2025.

   (c)   The remuneration of key management personnel during the Reporting Period amounted to
         RMB7,121,000 (six months ended 30 June 2024: RMB8,550,000).




                                                                       CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         48
                                                                                        INTERIM REPORT 2025
