CONTENTS
CORPORATE INFORMATION...................................................................................................................................        1

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS.........................................................................................................................................   2

BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS. ........................................................................................................................................   3

MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS. .......................................................................................................                     5

OTHER INFORMATION............................................................................................................................................ 28

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME..... 32

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION................................................................. 33

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY................................................................. 35

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS............................................................................. 36

NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. .......................................................... 37
    CORPORATE INFORMATION


    Board of Directors                                              Principal Bankers
    Executive Directors                                             China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
    Mr. LAM Kong                                                    The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited
    Ms. CHEN Yanling                                                Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited
    Non-Executive Director                                          DBS Bank (Hong Kong) Limited
    Mr. CHEN Hongbing
    (re-designated as a non-executive Director on 15 August 2024)
                                                                    Registered Office
    Independent Non-Executive Directors                             Maples Corporate Services Limited
    Mr. LEUNG Chong Shun                                            PO Box 309
    Ms. LUO Laura Ying                                              Ugland House
    Mr. FUNG Ching Simon                                            Grand Cayman, KY1-1104
                                                                    Cayman Islands
    Company Secretary
                                                                    Headquarters and Principal Place of
    Ms. WU Sanyan
                                                                    Business in Hong Kong
                                                                    Unit 2106, 21/F
    Authorized Representatives
                                                                    Island Place Tower
    Ms. WU Sanyan
                                                                    510 King’s Road
    Mr. LAM Kong
                                                                    North Point
                                                                    Hong Kong
    Audit Committee
    Mr. FUNG Ching Simon (Chairman)                                 Principal Contact Address in the PRC
    Mr. LEUNG Chong Shun                                            6F - 8F, Block B, Majialong Chuangxin Building
    Ms. LUO Laura Ying
                                                                    198 Daxin Road
                                                                    Nanshan District
    Remuneration Committee                                          Shenzhen 518052
    Mr. LEUNG Chong Shun (Chairman)                                 Guangdong Province
    Ms. LUO Laura Ying                                              The PRC
    Mr. FUNG Ching Simon
                                                                    Branch Share Registrar in Hong Kong
    Nomination Committee                                            Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
    Ms. LUO Laura Ying (Chairman)                                   Shops 1712-1716, 17/F, Hopewell Centre
    Mr. LAM Kong                                                    183 Queen’s Road East
    Mr. LEUNG Chong Shun                                            Wan Chai
    Mr. FUNG Ching Simon                                            Hong Kong


    Environmental, Social and                                       Stock Code
    Governance Committee                                            867

    Ms. CHEN Yanling (Chairman)
    Mr. LEUNG Chong Shun                                            Company’s Website
    Mr. FUNG Ching Simon                                            www.cms.net.cn

    Auditors
    Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
    Registered Public Interest Entity Auditors

1   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
    INTERIM REPORT 2024
                                                             FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS


•   Turnover down 21.7% to RMB3,611.1 million (H1 2023: RMB4,610.1 million); in the case that all medicines were
    directly sold by the Group, turnover down 22.6% to RMB4,287.5 million (H1 2023: RMB5,536.6 million). Turnover
    up 6.1% from (H2 2023: RMB3,403.2 million); in the case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group,
    turnover up 8.9% from (H2 2023: RMB3,935.6 million)

•   Gross profit down 25.2% to RMB2,696.5 million (H1 2023: RMB3,605.9 million); in the case that all medicines
    were directly sold by the Group, gross profit down 24.7% to RMB2,686.9 million (H1 2023: RMB3,567.3 million).
    Gross profit up 7.7% from (H2 2023: RMB2,503.3 million); in the case that all medicines were directly sold by the
    Group, gross profit up 8.1% from (H2 2023: RMB2,486.4 million)

•   Profit for the period down 52.8% to RMB903.4 million (H1 2023: RMB1,916.0 million), up 92.8% from (H2 2023:
    RMB468.5 million); after deducting the effect of impairment losses provided for assets, profit for the period up
    16.4% to RMB923.4 million from (H2 2023: RMB793.4 million)

•   Basic earnings per share down 52.3% to RMB0.3734 (H1 2023: RMB0.7835), up 90.8% from (H2 2023:
    RMB0.1957)

•   As at 30 June 2024, the Group’s bank balances and cash amounted to RMB3,914.4 million while readily realizable
    bank acceptance bills amounted to RMB158.5 million

•   Declared interim dividend per share of RMB0.1507, down 51.9% from (H1 2023: RMB0.3134), up 92.5% from
    (H2 2023: RMB0.0783)




                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        2
                                                                                            INTERIM REPORT 2024
    BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS


    In the first half (H1) of 2024, the Group’s products Ursofalk and Plendil have continued to be affected by the
    implementation of the eighth batch of National Volume Based Procurement (“National VBP”), which had a negative
    impact on the Group’s financial performance. In the case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group, the total
    revenue of the three National VBP products (Deanxit, Ursofalk, and Plendil) decreased by RMB1,196.9 million, a
    decrease of 49.2% compared with the same period last year. However, the Group’s overall turnover and profit for the
    period both showed a growth trend compared to the second half (H2) of the previous year, indicating that the Group
    has basically digested the negative impact of National VBP and entered the “New Product Era” where non-national
    VBP exclusive and innovative products drive its growth. In the H1 of 2024, in the case that all medicines were directly
    sold by the Group, the total revenue of non-national VBP exclusive products and innovative products was RMB2,404.7
    million, accounting for 56.1% of the Group’s revenue. The Group will continue to promote the commercialization of
    more differentiated innovative products every year in the future, solidifying the foundation for its sustainable, quality
    and rapid development.

    Four Innovative Drugs Entered Large-scale Clinical Application
    In 2023, four innovative drugs were all approved for marketing in China and included in the NRDL. During the
    Reporting Period, the Group has actively advanced works such as hospital development and Real World Studies
    (RWS) planning, enhancing academic promotion model of innovative products driven by medical evidence.

    •      VALTOCO - the first Diazepam Nasal Spray approved for marketing in China, which can be administered at
           anytime and anywhere, and meets clinical needs for accessible and convenient treatment option for seizure
           clusters of patients with epilepsy.
    •      ILUMETRI - a monoclonal antibody specifically targeting to the p19 subunit of IL-23, can provide a new
           treatment option for psoriasis patients, with lower dosing frequency. The results of its Phase III clinical trial in
           China were published in “Chinese Medical Journal” in January.
    •      METOJECT - China’s first pre-filled MTX Injection for subcutaneous administration for the treatment of psoriasis.
    •      VELPHORO - the first iron-based, non-calcium PB approved in China, and filled the gap of phosphorus-
           lowering treatment for Chinese paediatric patients aged 12 to 18 years old with CKD stages 4-5 or CKD on
           dialysis.


    One Innovative Drug Newly Approved for Marketing in China
    •      LUMEBLUE - was approved for marketing in China in June, becoming the first Methylthioninium Chloride
           Enteric-coated Sustained-release Tablets in China, and a novel solution that enhances diagnosis sensitivity in
           detecting lesions during colonoscopy.


    China’s Clinical Development of Innovative Drugs Advanced in an Orderly Manner
    •      An additional indication of METOJECT for the treatment of active RA in adult patients has been under review for
           its NDA in China during the Reporting Period; it was approved for marketing in China in July, becoming the first
           methotrexate prefilled injection to treat RA by subcutaneous administration in China.
    •      Desidustat Tablets - a novel oral HIF-PHI for treating anaemia in non-dialysis adult, CKD patients, has been
           under review for its NDA in China.
    •      As of the end of the Reporting Period, ruxolitinib cream, the first and only topical JAK inhibitor approved by the
           U.S. FDA and the European EMA for repigmentation in vitiligo, was approved for marketing in Macau in April.
           The Group has completed the Pivotal Real World Study for the product’s vitiligo indication and is advancing the
           registration application process in Mainland China.


3   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
    INTERIM REPORT 2024
                                                                                         BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS
                                                                                                         (CONTINUED)




•    Y-3 for Injection - a novel brain cytoprotectant that treats stroke, which is a Class I innovative drug - small
     molecule compound, has completed the Phase II clinical trial. In July, it has completed the first subject
     enrollment for its Phase III clinical trial.


In-house R&D steadily advanced
•    VEGFA/ANG2 Tetravalent Bispecific Antibody - a Class I Innovative biological agent for the treatment of ocular
     fundus neovascular diseases, which is currently advancing Phase I/II clinical trial through multi-centers in China,
     has completed the enrollment of all subjects in Phase I clinical trial, and is steadily advancing towards Phase II
     clinical trial.

•    Highly Selective TYK2 Inhibitor CMS-D001 Tablets (intended for psoriasis) and GnRH Receptor Antagonist
     CMS-D002 Capsules (intended for the treatment of moderate to severe pain associated with endometriosis)
     have obtained approvals for China clinical trials, and are steadily advancing towards Phase I clinical trials,
     among which, CMS-D002 has completed the dosing for the first subject in June.


Innovation Pipeline Continued to Expand
•    In March, the Group entered into another Collaboration and License Agreement with Incyte, for selective oral
     small molecule JAK1 inhibitor povorcitinib for the treatment of diseases such as non-segmental vitiligo and
     HS, and gained an exclusive license to research, develop, register and commercialize the product in Mainland
     China, Hong Kong, Macau, Taiwan Region and eleven Southeast Asian countries, and a non-exclusive license
     to manufacture the product in CMS’s Territory.


Light Medical Aesthetic Portfolio Continued to Expand
•    Besides Poly-L-lactic Acid Microparticle Filler Injection (which is under review for its China’s medical device
     registration application), newly obtained the exclusive licenses in China for three regenerative light medical
     aesthetic injectable products, which are in China’s registrational clinical trials, Polycaprolactone Microsphere
     Gel for Injection, Calcium Hydroxylapatite Microsphere Gel for Injection and Decellularized Extracellular Matrix
     Implant; expected to synergize with the existing marketed Korean hyaluronic acid product, Vmonalisa, to create
     a comprehensive and refined facial rejuvenation solution.
•    FUBA 5200, a focused ultrasound and non-invasive body shaping device with independent intellectual property
     right, is under review for China’s medical device registration application.




                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          4
                                                                                             INTERIM REPORT 2024
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION
    AND ANALYSIS

    Company Overview
    China Medical System Holdings Limited (the “Company”, together with its subsidiaries, the “Group” or “CMS”) is a
    platform company linking pharmaceutical innovation and commercialization with strong product lifecycle management
    capability, dedicated to providing competitive products and services to meet unmet healthcare needs.

    Deeply rooted in the China’s pharmaceutical market for thirty-two years, the Group has possessed clinical
    demand-oriented product identification and project management capabilities, proven clinical development and
    commercialization capabilities, and substantial cash flow. Leveraging core advantages and driven by an innovation
    strategy of “Collaborative R&D and In-house R&D”, we have collaborated extensively with global innovation forces,
    to continuously deploy global first-in-class (FIC) and best-in-class (BIC) innovative products, and efficiently promote
    their clinical development and commercialization processes, empowering the continuous transformation of scientific
    research outcomes into clinical practices and benefiting numerous patients. As of the end of the Reporting Period,
    the Group had deployed approximately thirty innovative products with differentiated competitive advantages, and at
    various developmental stages, among which, five innovative drugs have been successfully approved for marketing in
    China, and four of them have entered large-scale clinical applications.

    Focused on specialty therapeutic fields, such as cardio-cerebrovascular, central nervous system, gastroenterology,
    dermatology, and ophthalmology, with its mature commercialization system, extensive channel coverage and expert
    resources, the Group has gained leading academic and market positions for its major marketed products. Focused on
    the specialty areas while expanding its business boundaries, the Group continues to strengthen the competitiveness of
    cardio-cerebrovascular/gastroenterology business, and simultaneously promotes the scale efficiency of dermatology/
    medical aesthetics and ophthalmology business, aiming to gain leading positions in specialty therapeutic markets.
    Additionally, the Group’s Southeast Asia business continues to improve its platform business structure integrating
    “R&D, manufacture, and commercialization”, fully empowering the internationalization of quality Chinese and global
    pharmaceutical products to Southeast Asia.



    Business Review
    In recent years, accelerated population aging, combined with increased public health awareness has led to a further
    expansion of rigid healthcare demands. Meanwhile, under the main theme of “Building New Quality Productivity”,
    China’s pharmaceutical industry is shifting from short-term “steady development with efficiency” to long-term “striving
    for innovation”. This dynamic drives the continuous iteration and breakthrough in biotechnology, leading to a more
    resilient and vibrant development of the industry.

    The year 2024 not only marks the first year of the commercialization of our innovative products, but also a crucial
    point for the release of National VBP impact on our financial performance. After over six years of relentless innovation
    transformation and accumulation, the Group has embarked on a new chapter of innovative development, to embrace
    “New CMS, New Rise”.

    The Group has three original drugs affected by National VBP, with Deanxit included in the seventh batch of National
    VBP, Plendil and Ursofalk included in the eighth batch of National VBP. The seventh and eighth batches were
    implemented successively in November 2022 and July 2023 respectively, and Deanxit, Plendil and Ursofalk were
    not selected, which had a negative impact on the Group’s financial performance. In the first half (H1) of 2024, the
    Group’s overall turnover and profit for the period decreased compared with the same period last year, but showed an
    improving trend compared to the second half (H2) of last year, specifically as follows:



5   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
    INTERIM REPORT 2024
                                                                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                       (CONTINUED)




The Group recorded a turnover of RMB3,611.1 million, representing a decrease of 21.7% over H1 2023 (H1 2023:
RMB4,610.1 million), an increase of 6.1% over H2 2023 (H2 2023: RMB3,403.2 million). In the case that all medicines
were directly sold by the Group, the turnover was RMB4,287.5 million, representing a decrease of 22.6% over H1
2023 (H1 2023: RMB5,536.6 million), an increase of 8.9% over H2 2023 (H2 2023: RMB3,935.6 million).

Profit for the period was RMB903.4 million, representing a decrease of 52.8% over H1 2023 (H1 2023: RMB1,916.0
million), an increase of 92.8% over H2 2023 (H2 2023: RMB468.5 million). After deducting the effect of impairment
losses provided for assets, profit for the period up 16.4% to RMB923.4 million over H2 2023 (H2 2023: RMB793.4
million).

During the Reporting Period, the Group has reached a new milestone in innovation development: the approval
of LUMEBLUE (Methylthioninium Chloride Enteric-coated Sustained-release Tablets) in China has marked its fifth
commercialized innovative drug. Guided by the “patient-oriented” philosophy, the Group adheres to medical evidence
driven academic promotion for its innovative products, to accelerate brand building, channel expansion and market
penetration. It also introduced new share award schemes related to “New Product Launch” and “New Product Sales”,
to keep motivating employees striving for excellence for the approvals and sales of new products. Concurrently, the
Group has enhanced its management efficiency and capabilities of the entire lifecycle of innovative products, by
promoting standardization and digitalization development of its product management and commercialization systems.
These efforts are expected to support CMS to deliver more novel and quality drugs with greater efficiency and cost
control, expediting the access of innovative therapies to a wider range of patients.

As the impact of National VBP being gradually digested, CMS has successfully entered the “New Product Era”, where
exclusive and innovative products drive its growth. The Group will embrace a new and quality development cycle with
a healthier product portfolio.

I. Innovative R&D
The Group promotes innovation development through a two-wheel drive of “Collaborative R&D and In-house R&D”.
By initiating R&D project with a commercial perspective and closely following the frontline medical needs, it deploys
differentiated innovative products which can address unmet clinical needs, and efficiently promotes the clinical
development and large-scale clinical application, achieving a rapid transformation of scientific outcomes into social
and commercial values.

1. Entering the “Innovative Product Era”
After over six years of persistent innovation and transformation, the Group has achieved fruitful innovation outcomes,
strongly demonstrating its efficient clinical development and registration capabilities, and significantly reinforcing
the competitive barriers of its existing specialty therapeutic business. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the
Group’s innovative portfolio approved for marketing in China has been expanded into 5 products, among which, four
innovative drugs, VALTOCO, ILUMETRI, METOJECT - psoriasis and VELPHORO, have been included in the National
Reimbursement Drug List (NRDL) and entered large-scale clinical application; one innovative drug, LUMEBLUE, was
approved for marketing in China during the Reporting Period.

Meanwhile, the Group has steadily advanced the clinical development of innovative pipelines. During the Reporting
Period, two products, METOJECT - rheumatoid arthritis (was approved for marketing in China in July) and Desidustat
Tablets have been under review for their New Drug Application (NDA) in China; and a total of about ten projects have
been prepared/launched for their registrational clinical trials, mainly randomized controlled trials (RCT).




                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         6
                                                                                            INTERIM REPORT 2024
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
    (CONTINUED)




    Additionally, the Group has continued to strengthen its foundational research and independent innovation capabilities.
    Since 2021, leveraging on its professional teams and innovative products lifecycle management system from target
    selection, preclinical research to clinical development, the Group has focused on the novel and popular targets in
    specialty areas, initiating independent innovative biotechnology innovation. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the
    Group has successfully advanced over ten in-house R&D projects, among which, three innovative drugs (VEGFA/
    ANG2 Tetravalent Bispecific Antibody, Highly Selective TYK2 Inhibitor CMS-D001 Tablets and GnRH Receptor
    Antagonist CMS-D002 Capsules) have entered clinical development.

    1.1 Innovative Drugs with Large-scale Clinical Application
    •     VALTOCO (Diazepam Nasal Spray) - the first Diazepam Nasal Spray approved for marketing in
    China, which can be administered at anytime and anywhere, and meets clinical needs for accessible and
    convenient treatment option for seizure clusters of patients with epilepsy
    In June 2023, VALTOCO was approved for marketing in China. In December 2023, it was included in the Category
    B of the NRDL, and subsequently issued its prescriptions in hospitals across China. During the Reporting Period,
    different levels of academic activities have been held focusing on its unique clinical value of “Convenient Pre-hospital
    Seizure Rescue”. Meanwhile, “CAAE Epilepsy Care Fund - CMS Fund Project” was established to support the care
    and educational activities for epilepsy patients, enhancing doctors and patients’ awareness of the product. As of
    the end of the Reporting Period, VALTOCO has been included in the “Chinese Expert Consensus on Diagnosis and
    Treatment of Dravet Syndrome” published in the “Journal of Epilepsy” and the “Clinical Diagnosis and Treatment
    Strategy of Dravet Syndrome” published in the “Chinese Journal of Pediatrics”.

    VALTOCO is the first drug approved by the China National Medical Products Administration (NMPA) for the treatment
    of cluster seizures. It is indicated for the acute treatment of intermittent, stereotypic episodes of frequent seizure
    activity (i.e. seizure clusters, acute repetitive seizures) that are distinct from a patient’s usual seizure pattern in patients
    with epilepsy 6 years of age and older.

    VALTOCO is a proprietary formulation of diazepam administered through the nasal mucosa, with high bioavailability,
    outstanding absorbability, tolerability and reliability. VALTOCO’s product formulation incorporates a combination
    of Vitamin E-based solvents and Intravail® absorption enhancer. Intravail® transmucosal absorption enhancement
    technology enables the non-invasive delivery of a broad range of proteins, peptides and small-molecule drugs.

    •    ILUMETRI (Tildrakizumab Injection) - a monoclonal antibody specifically targeting to the p19 subunit
    of IL-23, can provide a new treatment option for psoriasis patients, with lower dosing frequency
    In May 2023, ILUMETRI was approved for marketing in China. In December 2023, it was included in the Category
    B of the NRDL, and subsequently issued its prescriptions in hospitals across China. During the Reporting Period,
    focusing on its differentiated advantages in low injection frequency and good long-term efficacy, the Group has
    accelerated ILUMETRI’s deployment in hospitals and dual-channel pharmacy. As of the end of the Reporting Period,
    the product has been unanimously recommended by authoritative psoriasis diagnosis and treatment guidelines in
    China, the United States, Europe, the United Kingdom, Germany and other countries and regions around the world,
    and also recommended by the “Chinese Psoriasis Diagnosis and Treatment Guidelines (2023 Edition)” issued by the
    Dermatology and Venereology Branch of the Chinese Medical Association.

    ILUMETRI is a humanized lgG1/κ monoclonal antibody designed to selectively bind to the p19 subunit of interleukin-23
    (IL-23) and inhibit its interaction with the IL-23 receptor, thereby suppressing the release of pro-inflammatory cytokines
    and chemokines. The product is approved by China NMPA for the treatment of adults with moderate-to-severe plaque
    psoriasis who are candidates for systemic therapy or phototherapy. ILUMETRI requires only 4 administrations per year
    during its maintenance period, which may lead to higher patient compliance.


7   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
    INTERIM REPORT 2024
                                                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                           (CONTINUED)




Results from a Phase III clinical trial in China for the basic and extended study of Tildrakizumab Injection demonstrated
that, the primary efficacy assessment indicator PASI 75 response rate continued to increase over treatment time. The
PASI 75 response rate reached a high level after 28 weeks of treatment with ILUMETRI and maintained at 91.3% at
week 52, and the product showed good long-term safety and tolerance. This study results were officially published in
the academic journal “Chinese Medical Journal” in January 2024.

•     METOJECT (Methotrexate Injection) - China’s first pre-filled Methotrexate (MTX) Injection for
subcutaneous administration for the treatment of psoriasis
In March 2023, METOJECT was approved for marketing in China and subsequently included in the Category A of the
NRDL. In October 2023, its first prescription in China was issued. During the Reporting Period, the Group accelerated
channel development and market access in hospitals and pharmacies closed-to-hospitals by reinforcing the
traditional medicine position of methotrexate in the treatment of psoriasis, and exerting its differentiated advantages in
convenience and safety of subcutaneous administration to promote the combination, substitution, or supplementation
of existing therapies. METOJECT has been unanimously recommended by many authoritative diagnosis and treatment
guidelines for psoriasis indications, and been included in the “Chinese Psoriasis Diagnosis and Treatment Guidelines
(2023 Edition)” published by the “Chinese Journal of Dermatology”, and “Expert Guidance on Subcutaneous Injection
of Methotrexate for the Treatment of Psoriasis” published by the “Chinese Journal of Dermatology and Venereology”.

METOJECT is the first subcutaneously administered MTX pre-filled injection in China. It has been approved by China
NMPA for the treatment of severe recalcitrant disabling psoriasis, which is not adequately responsive to other forms of
therapy such as phototherapy, PUVA, and retinoids.

MTX has anti-inflammatory, anti-proliferative and immunomodulatory effects, and is currently one of the most effective
traditional drugs for the treatment of psoriasis. However, oral MTX has poor patient compliance due to relatively
large gastrointestinal side effects. The product is administered subcutaneously (this form of administration was
recommended by domestic and overseas guidelines), which can increase bioavailability, and has lower side effects
than oral MTX, in particular less adverse reactions in the gastrointestinal tract, and can improve patient treatment
compliance. The product is MTX pre-filled injection, which is available in a variety of small-capacity strengths, allowing
patients to self-administer medication at home under the judgment and guidance of a doctor to facilitate long-term
disease management.

•    VELPHORO (Sucroferric Oxyhydroxide Chewable Tablets) - the first iron-based, non-calcium
phosphate binder (PB) approved in China, and filled the gap of phosphorus-lowering treatment for Chinese
paediatric patients aged 12 to 18 years old with CKD stages 4-5 or CKD on dialysis
In February 2023, VELPHORO was approved for marketing in China for the control of serum phosphorus (sP) levels
in adults with chronic kidney disease (CKD) on hemodialysis (HD) or peritoneal dialysis (PD), and for the control of
sP levels in paediatric patients 12 years of age and older with CKD stages 4-5 (defined as glomerular filtration rate
<30mL/min/1.73 m²) or CKD on dialysis. In December 2023, the product was included in the Category B of the NRDL.
In February, 2024, the Group obtained an exclusive license of VELPHORO to register, import, promote, distribute,
use and sell the product in Mainland China, Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (“Hong Kong”), Macau Special
Administrative Region (“Macau”) and Taiwan Region, and subsequently issued its first prescription in China. During
the Reporting Period, leveraging on the Group’s academic resources in nephrology and the product’s differentiated
academic advantage in “achieving target with good sP levels reduction”, and via multi-level academic conferences,
the Group enhanced the brand recognition of VELPHORO, as a first-line treatment for reducing sP levels and pediatric
drug, and achieved rapid channel development and market access nationwide.




                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          8
                                                                                               INTERIM REPORT 2024
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
    (CONTINUED)




    VELPHORO is a new generation of iron-based, non-calcium PB, reducing sP levels of patients and increasing the
    sP compliance rate. It is demonstrated in multiple global clinical studies and real-world research data (as published
    in academic journals including International Urology and Nephrology, and Clinical Nephrology) and the Chinese
    instruction of the product that compared with other PBs, patients maintained on VELPHORO used about 50% fewer
    PB pills/day, and the proportion of patients achieving target sP increased by 95%. VELPHORO has characteristics of
    good safety and patient compliance without risk of calcium and heavy metal accumulation. In addition, the product
    holds the advantages of unaffected absorption of oral liposoluble vitamin D, maintaining stable iron parameters,
    improving the nutritional status in patients, reducing hospitalization rates, and alleviating patients’ medical financial
    burdens.

    1.2 Newly Approved Innovative Drug
    •    LUMEBLUE (Methylthioninium Chloride Enteric-coated Sustained-release Tablets) - the first
    Methylthioninium Chloride Enteric-coated Sustained-release Tablets in China, and a novel solution that
    enhances diagnosis sensitivity in detecting lesions during colonoscopy
    In June 2024, LUMEBLUE was approved for marketing in China, which is indicated to enhancing visualisation of
    colorectal lesions in adult patients undergoing screening or surveillance colonoscopy. The Group is actively promoting
    the commercialization of the product, including its market access and academic promotion.

    LUMEBLUE is an oral diagnostic drug that uses patented multi-matrix (MMX) technology to deliver active substances
    directly to the colon and release them locally in a controlled manner. As an enhancer dye, LUMEBLUE increases the
    contrast between colorectal lesions and healthy mucosa. The results of the Phase III clinical trial in China show that
    LUMEBLUE can significantly improve the detection rate of non-polypoid colorectal lesions (the primary endpoint of the
    study), leading to an improved detection rate of dangerous lesions such as non-polypoid adenomas (the secondary
    endpoint). In addition, the product can be taken during the bowel preparation step, ensuring that colorectal staining is
    completed by the time colonoscopy is conducted. This not only enhances the detection rate of colorectal lesions but
    also potentially simplifies the colonoscopy procedure.

    1.3 Innovative Drugs in China’s Clinical Development
    •    Methotrexate Injection - for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis (RA) - is the first pre-filled MTX
    injection to treat RA by subcutaneous administration in China (approved in Europe, Australia, Japan)
    During the Reporting Period, the NDA for an additional indication of Methotrexate Injection for the treatment of active
    RA in adult patients was under Center for Drug Evaluation (CDE)’s review; in July 2024, it was approved for marketing
    in China.

    Methotrexate is recognized internationally as the first choice first-line and anchor drug for the treatment of RA. The
    bridge clinical trial of the product in China aims to compare the changes of DAS28-ESR score of patients with RA
    treated by methotrexate injection and methotrexate tablets compared with the baseline, and to judge whether the
    non-inferiority is established. The study reached the preset main endpoint, and the experimental group (given the
    product) was not inferior to the control group (given methotrexate tablets). In addition, the results of secondary efficacy
    indicators suggest that the efficacy of the product is significantly better than that of methotrexate tablets or there is
    a trend of better. The results also show that some of the curative effects that can be observed in the early stage of
    the product are more obvious than those of methotrexate tablets, suggesting that the curative effect of the product
    appears earlier. The product has some advantages over methotrexate tablets in gastrointestinal safety, and no new
    safety risks have been found in the study.




9   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
    INTERIM REPORT 2024
                                                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                            (CONTINUED)




•    Desidustat Tablets - a novel oral HIF-PHI
In April 2024, the NDA for Desidustat Tablets was accepted by NMPA of China.

Desidustat Tablets is a novel, oral Hypoxia-Inducible Factor-Prolyl Hydroxylase Inhibitor (HIF-PHI) for treating anaemia
in non-dialysis adult, CKD patients. China Phase III trial of the product has demonstrated positive results. The primary
endpoint of the haemoglobin (Hb) mean change from baseline to the period of Week 7-9 has indicated that, Desidustat
is more effective than placebo in increasing Hb level. The product is administrated orally, thus expecting to improve the
treatment compliance of patients and to meet the unmet treatment needs in the field of CKD anaemia, including both
dialysis and non-dialysis patients.

•    Ruxolitinib cream - As of the end of the Reporting Period, the product is the first and only topical JAK
inhibitor approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and the European Medicines Agency
(EMA) for repigmentation in vitiligo
During the Reporting Period, the Group is steadily advancing the clinical development and registration of ruxolitinib
cream in China. In April 2024, the Pharmaceutical Administration Bureau (ISAF) of Macau has approved the new
drug application of ruxolitinib cream, for the treatment of non-segmental vitiligo with facial involvement in adults and
adolescents from 12 years of age.

Ruxolitinib cream is not approved by the NMPA for any indication in Mainland of China. However, on 12 August 2023,
the product was approved by Hainan Medical Products Administration for Urgent Clinical Import, and officially became
available to applicable patients in the Hainan Boao Lecheng International Medical Tourism Pilot Zone (the “Pilot Zone”)
on 18 August, for the topical treatment of non-segmental vitiligo in adults and adolescents aged 12 and above with
facial involvement. Benefiting from the Early and Pilot Implementation Policy granted by the state to Hainan Free Trade
Port and the Pilot Zone, patients with vitiligo in China can apply for the product in Boao Super Hospital first and receive
treatment from the expert team. As of the end of the Reporting Period, more than 3,200 patients have been treated
with ruxolitinib cream. The Group has completed the Pivotal Real World Study for the product’s vitiligo indication and
is advancing the registration application process in Mainland China.

In addition, NMPA of China has approved the application to conduct a phase III clinical trial evaluating ruxolitinib cream
for the treatment of atopic dermatitis (AD) in March 2024. This trial is a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled
phase III clinical trial evaluating the efficacy and safety of ruxolitinib cream in the treatment of atopic dermatitis in
Chinese patients. The trial, led by Shanghai Skin Disease Hospital, will be conducted in 20 sites nationwide aiming to
enroll approximately 192 AD patients, and has completed the dosing for the first subject in June 2024.

Ruxolitinib cream is a novel cream formulation of Incyte’s selective JAK1/JAK2 inhibitor ruxolitinib. As of the end of the
Reporting Period, the product is the first and only topical JAK inhibitor approved for use in the United States, indicated
for the topical treatment of nonsegmental vitiligo in adult and pediatric patients 12 years of age and older and for
the topical short-term and non-continuous chronic treatment of mild to moderate AD in non-immunocompromised
adult and pediatric patients 12 years of age and older whose disease is not adequately controlled with topical
prescription therapies, or when those therapies are not advisable. Use of ruxolitinib cream in combination with
therapeutic biologics, other JAK inhibitors, or potent immunosuppressants, such as azathioprine or cyclosporine, is
not recommended.




                                                                               CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          10
                                                                                                INTERIM REPORT 2024
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     •    Y-3 for Injection – a novel brain cytoprotectant that treats stroke
     During the Reporting Period, Y-3 for Injection has completed the Phase II clinical trial. In July, it has completed the first
     subject enrollment for its Phase III clinical trial.

     Y-3 for Injection is a Class 1 innovative drug - small molecule compound, which is used to alleviate neurological
     symptoms and dysfunction of daily activities caused by acute ischemic stroke. The mechanism of action of the
     product is to dissociate PSD-95 and nNOS coupling and activate α2-GABAA receptors. With its clear mechanism
     of action, the product is conducive to exerting brain cytoprotection effects. The results of Phase II clinical trial of the
     product for the treatment of acute ischemic stroke indicate that among patients with ischemic stroke within 48 hours
     of onset, compared to placebo, Y-3 (20mg, 40mg, 60mg, qd) demonstrated an increased proportion of patients
     achieving a favorable functional outcome at 90 days.

     2. Replenishment of Pipeline
     •   Povorcitinib - a selective small-molecule JAK1 Inhibitor, with the potential to provide a new treatment
     option for patients suffering from autoimmune and inflammatory dermatologic diseases
     In March 2024, the Group entered into another Collaboration and License Agreement with Incyte, a global
     biopharmaceutical company, for selective oral small molecule JAK1 inhibitor povorcitinib for the treatment of non-
     segmental vitiligo, hidradenitis suppurativa (HS), prurigo nodularis (PN) and asthma and chronic spontaneous urticaria,
     and gained an exclusive license to research, develop, register and commercialize the product in Mainland China, Hong
     Kong, Macau, Taiwan Region and eleven Southeast Asian countries and a non-exclusive license to manufacture the
     product in CMS’s Territory.

     During the Reporting Period, the Group is actively advancing the preparations for clinical development of the product
     in China for the treatment of non-segmental vitiligo and hidradenitis suppurativa (HS). Currently, therapeutic options for
     vitiligo are limited, and the condition is difficult to treat, especially for patients with moderate to severe extensive vitiligo.
     Povorcitinib offers a potential oral dosing therapeutic option for patients with non-segmental vitiligo, particularly those
     suffering from moderate to severe vitiligo. Hidradenitis suppurativa (HS) has been included in the second batch of the
     Rare Disease List in China. As a chronic inflammatory and recurrent dermatologic disease, it can have a profoundly
     negative effect on patients’ quality of life. However, as of the end of the Reporting Period, there are no biologics or
     small molecule medicines approved by the NMPA for the treatment of hidradenitis suppurativa (HS) in China, creating
     an urgent need for effective therapeutic options.

     Meanwhile, Incyte is advancing the Phase III clinical trials of povorcitinib for non-segmental vitiligo and hidradenitis
     suppurativa (HS) in multiple countries outside of China. Additionally, Phase II clinical studies of povorcitinib for prurigo
     nodularis (PN), asthma and chronic spontaneous urticaria are also ongoing. Previously, Incyte announced that
     povorcitinib had met the primary endpoint in a global multi-center Phase IIb clinical trial for non-segmental vitiligo, and
     also met the primary endpoint in a global multicenter Phase II clinical trial for hidradenitis suppurativa (HS).




11   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     INTERIM REPORT 2024
                                                                                                   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                                                                               (CONTINUED)




3. Innovative Pipeline
Launched Overseas/ China or Under Marketing Application Review
                              Rights                                                                                  Clinical                                  Major Marketed
                                                                                                   Clinical Trial                Marketing                        Regions**
        Product             Authorized                          Indication                                            Trial for                Marketed
                                                                                                    Approval                     Application
                             Region**                                                                               Registration                              CN          US EU JP
                                         For the acute treatment of intermittent, stereotypic
                                         episodes of frequent seizure activity (i.e. seizure
Diazepam Nasal Spray                     clusters, acute repetitive seizures) that are distinct
                                         from a patient’s usual seizure pattern in patients with
                                         epilepsy 6 years of age and older                                                                                2023.6.7
     Tildrakizumab                       For the treatment of adults with moderate-to-severe
        Injection                        plaque psoriasis who are candidates for systemic
   (Biological Agent)                    therapy or phototherapy                                                                                          2023.5.26
                                         Severe recalcitrant disabling psoriasis, which is not
                                         adequately responsive to other forms of therapy such
     Methotrexate                        as phototherapy, PUVA, and retinoids                                                                             2023.3.24
      Injection*
                                         Active rheumatoid arthritis in adult patients
                                                                                                                                                          2024.7.30
Methylthioninium Chloride                A diagnostic agent to enhance visualisation of
Enteric-coated Sustained-                colorectal lesions in adult patients undergoing
      release Tablets                    screening or surveillance colonoscopy                                                                            2024.6.11
                                                                                                                                                          Approved for
                                         Topical treatment of nonsegmental vitiligo in adult and                                                          marketi ng in
                                         pediatric patients 12 years of age and older                                                                       Macau
                                                                                                                                                           2024.4.16

                                         Topical short-term and non-continuous chronic
   Ruxolitinib cream                     treatment of mild to moderate atopic dermatitis
                                         in non-immunocompromised adult and pediatric
                                         patients 12 years of age and older whose disease
                                         is not adequately controlled with topical prescription
                                         therapies, or when those therapies are not advisable

                                         For treating anaemia in non-dialysis adult, Chronic
  Desidustat Tablets
                                         Kidney Disease (CKD) patients

   Cyclosporine Eye                      Increasing tear secretion in patients with
     Drops 0.09%                         keratoconjunctivitis sicca (dry eye)

                                         Reduction of elevated intraocular pressure in patients
Latanoprost Eye Drops
                                         with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension

   Levetiracetam XR                      Adjunctive therapy for the treatment of partial-onset
         Tablet                          seizures

  BCG for Intravesical                   Non-invasive urothelial bladder carcinoma, including
                                    #
       Instillation                      curative treatment of carcinoma in situ and
   (Biological Agent)                    prophylactic treatment of recurrence

                                         Chronic balance deficit due to mild-to-moderate
         PoNS
                                         traumatic brain injury

    Marketed in China                   Under R&D in China                   Overseas
    Designated Asian Regions                   Mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan

* Methotrexate Injection - for the treatment of active rheumatoid arthritis in adult patients was approved for marketing in China, in July 2024
#
  Taiwan is not included in the rights authorized region of BCG for Intravesical Instillation
** Major Marketed Regions indicate where products are approved. CMS’s rights are stated by Rights Authorized Region, CMS has NO development,
commercialization or other product rights in unauthorized regions.
Please refer to local prescribing information for more information, including full safety information, on CMS’s marketed medicines, or on medicines marketed by
CMS’s collaboration partners.




                                                                                                                      CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED                          12
                                                                                                                                       INTERIM REPORT 2024
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     Under R&D Stages
                                     Rights                                                                          Clinical
                                                                                                          Pre-                Phase Phase Phase Marketing
              Product              Authorized                          Indication                                     Trial
                                                                                                         clinical               I     II    III Application**
                                    Region**                                                                        Approval

                                                    Eye pain and inflammation after cataract
             SDN-037
                                                    surgery

                                                    Reduction of elevated intraocular
              PDP-716                               pressure in patients with open-angle
                                                    glaucoma or ocular hypertension

               CF101                                Psoriasis

            ACT017
                                                    Acute phase of ischemic stroke
       (Biological Agent)

                                                    Non-segmental vitiligo
           Povorcitinib
                                                    Hidradenitis suppurativa

                                                    Hepatocellular carcinoma
               CF102
                                                    Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease / non-
                                                    alcoholic steatohepatitis

                                                    Prevention of post-surgical
                XF-73
                                                    staphylococcal infections

                                                    Used to alleviate neurological symptoms
         Y-3 for Injection                    *     and dysfunction of daily activities caused
                                                    by acute ischemic stroke

          VEGFA/ANG2
      Tetravalent Bispecific                        Intended for ocular fundus neovascular
             Antibody                               diseases
        (Biological Agent)

          TYK2 Inhibitor
                                                    Intended for psoriasis
           (CMS-D001)

         GnRH Receptor                              Intended for the treatment of moderate
           Antagonist                               to severe pain associated with
          (CMS-D002)                                endometriosis

      ~10 Self-developed                            Including large molecules, small
       Innovative Drugs                             molecules and siRNA products, etc.

           China              Overseas

           Global             Designated Asian Regions                     Mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan


     * Taiwan is not included in the rights authorized region of Y-3 for Injection. In July, it has completed the first subject enrollment for its Phase III clinical trial.
     ** Major Marketed Regions indicate where products are approved. CMS’s rights are stated by Rights Authorized Region, CMS has NO development,
     commercialization or other product rights in unauthorized regions.
     Please refer to local prescribing information for more information, including full safety information, on CMS’s marketed medicines, or on medicines marketed by
     CMS’s collaboration partners.




13   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     INTERIM REPORT 2024
                                                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                         (CONTINUED)




II. Commercialization System
After thirty-two years of cultivation and accumulation, the Group’s commercial system has continued to upgrade,
creating an agile organization with efficient collaboration and resource sharing. The Group has possessed verified
successful experience in market access, academic promotion, brand shaping, retail management, and government
affairs. The Group has focused on in-depth development of three major specialty business areas, cardio-
cerebrovascular/gastroenterology, dermatology/medical aesthetics, and ophthalmology, and expanded its business
boundaries horizontally to related areas. It established a highly qualified, professional promotion team with strong
execution, as well as extensive channel and resource coverage.

Four innovative drugs of the Group have entered large-scale clinical applications, covering various disease fields such
as central nervous system, dermatology, nephrology, and gastroenterology, and developed synergistically with the
existing marketed products in promotion team and channels. Leveraging on the opportunity of being included in the
NRDL, the Group is advancing hospital development, brand building, and academic promotion driven by medical
evidence. The Group is also actively conducting the Real World Studies to enrich evidence-based medicine, and
rapidly improving patients’ accessibility to new drugs with the help of patient aid and disease knowledge popularization
programs.

Focusing on the clinical value of marketed products, the Group has explored and specified differentiated academic
advantages of these products, and optimized their promotion strategies based on market feedback and competitive
analysis, providing doctors and patients with more precise disease treatment solutions. In addition, the Group has
continued to invest in deployment and traffic diversion of retail markets, in order to improve the depth and breadth of
pharmacy coverage. Furthermore, it has empowered pharmacies to conduct health knowledge popularization through
multiple new media tools, to benefit patients in improving disease awareness and consultation rate.

The Group adheres to the operation principle of “compliance first”, closely aligning with national and industrial
compliance trends to dynamically optimize its internal control system and supporting policies. Meanwhile, combined
with supervisory methods such as unannounced inspection, special audit, and comprehensive audit, it implements
regular employee training, behavior management, evaluation and assessment with upgraded digital tools, achieving
refined control at every operational node.

As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Group had a promotion network covering over 55,000 hospitals and
medical institutions, and approximately 280 thousand retail pharmacies in China.




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         14
                                                                                              INTERIM REPORT 2024
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     1. Marketed Products
     The Group’s major marketed products have covered the cardio-cerebrovascular, gastroenterology, ophthalmology,
     dermatology and medical aesthetic fields. An information summary of major products as of the end of the Reporting
     Period is as follows:


         Product line               Product                  Indication/Function                 Product Advantage

                                                         For the control of sP levels       The first iron-based, non-
                                                         in adults with CKD on              calcium phosphate binder (PB)
                                   VELPHORO              hemodialysis or peritoneal         approved by China NMPA, and
                            (Sucroferric Oxyhydroxide    dialysis, and for the control      filled the gap of phosphorus-
                               Chewable Tablets)         of sP levels in paediatric         lowering treatment for Chinese
                                (innovative drug)        patients 12 years of age and       paediatric patients aged 12-18
                                                         older with CKD stages 4-5 or       years old with CKD stages 4-5
                                                         CKD on dialysis                    or CKD on dialysis

                                                         For the acute treatment            The first diazepam nasal spray
                                                         of intermittent, stereotypic       approved by China NMPA, that
                                                         episodes of frequent seizure       can be administered at anytime
                                     VALTOCO             activity (i.e. seizure clusters,   and anywhere, meeting the
                             (Diazepam Nasal Spray)      acute repetitive seizures) that    clinical needs for accessible and
                                 (innovative drug)       are distinct from a patient’s      convenient treatment option for
                                                         usual seizure pattern in           epilepsy patients with seizures
           Cardio-                                       patients with epilepsy 6 years     cluster
       cerebrovascular                                   of age and older
             and
      Related Field Line             XinHuoSu                                               As of the end of the Reporting
                              (Recombinant Human                                            Period, the only Recombinant
                                                         Acute decompensated heart          Human Brain Natriuretic Peptide
                             Brain Natriuretic Peptide
                                                         failure                            (rhBNP) medicine approved by
                                   for Injection)
                                (exclusive product)                                         China NMPA

                                                                                            The Calcium Channel Blocker
                                                                                            (CCB) medicine suitable for
                                      Plendil                                               Chinese patients, providing
                                                         Hypertension and stable
                              (Felodipine Sustained                                         cardio-cerebrovascular
                                                         angina pectoris
                                 Release Tablets)                                           protection and high vascular
                                                                                            selectivity

                                                                                            Original reference preparation,
                                      Deanxit           Mild-to-moderate                    the preferred medicine for
                            (Flupentixol and Melitracen depression, anxiety and             mild to moderate anxiety and
                                      Tablets)          psychosomatic affections            depression




15   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     INTERIM REPORT 2024
                                                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                       (CONTINUED)




                                                 For the treatment of severe
                                                 recalcitrant disabling           The first MTX pre-filled injection
                           METOJECT              psoriasis, which is not          for subcutaneous administration
                     (Methotrexate Injection)    adequately responsive to         for the treatment of psoriasis
                        (innovative drug)        other forms of therapy such      has been approved by China
                                                 as phototherapy, PUVA, and       NMPA
                                                 retinoids

                                                                                  The first Methylthioninium
                                                 A diagnostic drug used           Chloride Enteric-coated
                            LUMEBLUE                                              Sustained-release Tablets
                                                 for enhancing visualisation
                    (Methylthioninium Chloride                                    has been approved by China
                                                 of colorectal lesions in
                    Enteric-coated Sustained-                                     NMPA, and a novel solution that
                                                 adult patients undergoing
                          release Tablets)                                        enhances diagnosis sensitivity
                                                 screening or surveillance
                         (innovative drug)                                        in detecting lesions during
                                                 colonoscopy
                                                                                  colonoscopy

                                                 Ulcerative colitis, including
                                                 the treatment of acute           Ranking the first in the market
                                                 exacerbations and the            share of aminosalicylic acid,
                            Salofalk             maintenance treatment to         a first-line treatment for
                          (Mesalazine)           prevent recurrence, as well      inflammatory bowel disease in
Gastroenterology/                                as the treatment of acute        China according to 2023 IQVIA
  Autoimmune                                     exacerbations of Crohn’s         data
     Related                                     disease
   Field Line                                                                     Probiotics preparations with
                             Bioflor             Diarrhea in adults and           abundant medical evidence and
                    (Saccharomyces Boulardii     children, as well as diarrhea    high-level recommendations
                            Sachets)             symptoms induced by              from authoritative domestic and
                       (exclusive product)       intestinal flora disturbance     overseas guidelines

                                                                                  Effective in both stomach and
                           Combizym                                               intestines, the recommended
                                                 Dyspepsia caused by
                    (Oryz-aspergillus Enzyme                                      digestive enzyme preparation
                                                 a decrease in digestive
                     and Pancreatin Tablets)                                      for the replacement therapy of
                                                 enzymes
                       (exclusive product)                                        pancreatic exocrine insufficiency

                                                 Improve the symptoms of
                               Cidine            early satiety, postprandial
                                                 fullness discomfort, and         Dual target prokinetic agent,
                      (Cinitapride Hydrogen
                                                 abdominal distension in          first-line drugs for functional
                          Tartrate Tablets)
                                                 mild to moderate functional      dyspepsia
                        (exclusive product)
                                                 dyspepsia

                                                 Cholesterol gallstones in the
                             Ursofalk            gallbladder, cholestatic liver   Original reference preparation,
                      (Ursodeoxycholic Acid      disease and biliary reflux       the preferred medicine for
                            Capsules)            gastritis                        cholestatic liver disease




                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED       16
                                                                                            INTERIM REPORT 2024
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




                                                                                        The monoclonal antibody that
                                                       For the treatment of adults      specifically targets to the p19
                                    ILUMETRI           with moderate-to-severe          subunit of IL-23, and only
                           (Tildrakizumab Injection)   plaque psoriasis who are         requires 4 administrations per
                                (innovative drug)      candidates for systemic          year during its maintenance
                                                       therapy or phototherapy          period, which may lead to higher
                                                                                        patient compliance

                                                       Different specifications for
     Dermatology Line -                                sclerotherapy of different       A German original brand for
         Related                Aethoxysklerol         varicose veins, including        the treatment of sclerotherapy
                            (Polidocanol Injection)    spider veins, central veins of   of varicose veins with years of
                                                       spider veins, and medium to      clinical application
                                                       large varicose veins

                                                       Blunt traumata with and
                                  Hirudoid             without hematomas, and
                            (Mucopolysaccharide        superficial phlebitis that       Repair agent for skin barrier with
                             Polysulfate Cream)        cannot be treated by             multiple functions
                             (exclusive product)       compression

                                                       Skin soothing with a             Composed of four core
        Dermatology        Heling Soothing Product     combination of cleansing and     ingredients that can moisturize
       Grade Skincare                Series            moisturizing which is suitable   and soothe the skin, helping to
          Product           (including 3 products)     for sensitive skin               repair the skin barrier

                                                       Used for mid to deep
                                                       dermal implantation for
                                                       the correction of moderate
                                                       to severe nasolabial folds       Painless, fashionable and
                                  Vmonalisa            (medium and macro particle);
        Light Medical                                                                   accessible luxury HA filler with
                              (Modified Sodium         Used for the deep dermal to
          Aesthetic                                                                     multiple particle sizes from
                             Hyaluronate Filler for    subcutaneous implantation
           Product                                                                      South Korea, featured with
                                   Injection)          for the correction of            safety and natural looking
                                                       moderate to severe
                                                       nasolabial folds (small
                                                       particle)

                          Augentropfen Stulln Mono                                      The representative medicine
                                  Eye Drops                                             for the treatment of asthenopia
                                 (Esculin and          Senile macular degeneration      and the safe and convenient
                           Digitalisglycosides Eye     and all forms of asthenopia      treatment option of senile
                                    Drops)                                              macular degeneration
                             (exclusive product)
     Ophthalmology Line
         - Related                                                                      Using high-focused ultrasound
                                                                                        technology, which is a non-
                                                       Glaucoma with intraocular        invasive procedure with precise
                             EyeOP1 Glaucoma
                                                       pressure that cannot be          targeting and convenient
                              Treatment Device
                                                       controlled by drugs and          operations, providing a safe and
                             (exclusive product)
                                                       surgery                          effective innovative treatment for
                                                                                        glaucoma

                                                                                        Quick onset, with long-term
                                   Elcitonin                                            use and good safety, for the
           Others                                      Osteoporosis pain
                             (Elcatonin Injection)                                      treatment of osteoporosis pain


17   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     INTERIM REPORT 2024
                                                                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                       (CONTINUED)




During the Reporting Period, major products’ revenues by product lines were as follows:

•   The products under cardio-cerebrovascular and related field line recorded a revenue of RMB1,516.8 million, a
    decrease of 28.8% compared with the same period last year. In the case that all medicines were directly sold by
    the Group, the revenue of products under cardio-cerebrovascular and related field line would decrease by 28.9%
    to RMB2,202.8 million compared with the same period last year, accounting for 51.4% of the Group’s revenue in
    the case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group.

•   The revenue of products under gastroenterology/autoimmune related field line decreased by 25.0% to
    RMB1,345.7 million compared with the same period last year, accounting for 31.4% of the Group’s revenue in the
    case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group.

•   The revenue of the products under ophthalmology line increased by 23.9% to RMB304.3 million compared with
    the same period last year, accounting for 7.1% of the Group’s revenue in the case that all medicines were directly
    sold by the Group.

•   The revenue of the products under dermatology and medical aesthetic line increased by 11.9% to RMB275.0
    million compared with the same period last year, accounting for 6.4% of the Group’s revenue in the case that all
    medicines were directly sold by the Group.

•   Other products recorded revenue of RMB169.3 million, a decrease of 12.7% compared with the same period last
    year. In case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group, the revenue would increase by 2.7% to RMB159.8
    million compared with the same period last year, accounting for 3.7% of the Group’s revenue in the case that all
    medicines were directly sold by the Group.

During the Reporting Period, the Group’s three products, including Deanxit, Ursofalk and Plendil, have been affected
by the implementation of National VBP, and none of them have been selected in the National VBP. In case that all
medicines were directly sold by the Group, three National VBP products recorded a total revenue of RMB1,233.4
million (1H 2023: RMB2,430.2 million), a decrease of 49.2% compared with the same period last year; meanwhile, in
the case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group, the total revenue of non-national VBP exclusive products
and innovative products was RMB2,404.7 million, accounting for 56.1% of the Group’s revenue.

III. Dermatology and Medical Aesthetic Business
For three years since its independent operation, “CMS Skinhealth”, the dermatology and medical aesthetics business
of the Group, has been closely following the pace and iteration of biotechnology innovation in dermatology field. CMS
Skinhealth adheres to a product layout strategy centered on dermatology prescription products, and continuously
improves the construction of a full life-cycle skin-health management platform covering dermatological treatment,
skincare, and medical aesthetics through internal development and external collaboration. CMS Skinhealth consists
of three business units, including dermatology prescription, medical aesthetics, and new retail business. The business
units work together to share resources and complement strengths of each other, and jointly promote CMS Skinhealth
to realize its long-term vision of building “the largest and most professional skin-health management company in
China”.




                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         18
                                                                                            INTERIM REPORT 2024
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     Meanwhile, driven by medical science, CMS Skinhealth continuously improves the academic evidence system for
     dermatology prescription products and enhances treatment standardization through a patient-centered operational
     model. For injectable light medical aesthetic products, CMS Skinhealth actively conducts professional trainings to
     empower the medical aesthetics institutions, and works with the institutions collaboratively to promote the scale
     application of creative aesthetic concepts.

     As of the end of the Reporting Period, CMS Skinhealth covered nearly 10,000 hospitals and medical institutions in
     China.

     1. Development and Commercialization of Innovative Drugs Have Made Significant
     Progress, with the Competitiveness of the Dermatology Prescription Portfolio Continuously
     Increasing
     The dermatology prescription portfolio of CMS Skinhealth has extensively covered diseases such as vitiligo, psoriasis,
     phlebitis, varicose veins, atopic dermatitis, and hidradenitis suppurativa, etc. During the Reporting Period, CMS
     Skinhealth has achieved remarkable progress in the product layout, clinical development, and commercialization of
     innovative products.

     In terms of new product layout and development, CMS Skinhealth collaborated with Incyte once again, and has
     obtained exclusive license of povorcitinib, a selective oral small-molecule JAK1 inhibitor, in countries/territories
     including Mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau, Taiwan Region and eleven Southeast Asian countries. This further
     enriched the product portfolio of CMS Skinhealth in the treatment of vitiligo and other immune-mediated dermatology
     diseases. Concurrently, the Group has completed the Pivotal Real World Study for ruxolitinib cream in vitiligo, and is
     advancing the registration application process in Mainland China.

     Relying on the accumulated academic platform of existing exclusive/original dermatology prescription products
     Hirudoid (the repair agent for skin barrier with multiple functions) and Aethoxysklerol (a German original brand for the
     treatment of sclerotherapy of varicose veins with years of clinical application), CMS Skinhealth continuously improves
     the academic promotion plan for the newly approved and marketed innovative product ILUMETRI (Tildrakizumab
     Injection). In addition to the regular academic promotion, the academic promotion plan focuses on ILUMETRI’s
     treatment philosophy of “long-term disease management and delaying recurrence” for psoriasis, highlighting its
     differentiated advantages such as low injection frequency and good long-term efficacy. CMS Skinhealth also actively
     facilitates the development of hospital access and prescription circulation into dual-channel pharmacies, efficiently
     connecting the hospital and retail markets, to increase the accessibility and convenience of patient medication.

     2. Continuous Enrichment of the Regenerative Light Medical Aesthetic Product Matrix
     CMS Skinhealth adheres to the operational philosophy of “originating from medicine, with a further exploration in
     aesthetics”, continuously discovering cutting-edge medical aesthetics products with a mindset of pharmaceutical
     research, to persistently complement the regenerative light medical aesthetic portfolio and to strengthen its
     competitiveness in the medical aesthetics field.




19   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     INTERIM REPORT 2024
                                                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                           (CONTINUED)




During the Reporting Period, the China’s medical device registration application of the Poly-L-lactic Acid Microparticle
Filler Injection has been accepted by the NMPA; and the Group has newly obtained exclusive licenses of three
products (Polycaprolactone Microsphere Gel for injection, Calcium Hydroxylapatite Microsphere Gel for injection, and
Decellularized Extracellular Matrix Implant), which are currently under the registrational clinical trial stage in China,
respectively, for their commercialization in Mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau, and Taiwan. All the aforementioned
products are classified as Class III medical devices, and are developed for injection into subcutaneous layer or facial
dermal tissue for the correction of nasolabial fold wrinkles. A brief overview of the products is as follows:


              Product                          Main Component                  Potential Advantage of the Product

                                                                         A regenerative medical aesthetic
                                                                         product adopting patented microparticle
Poly-L-lactic Acid Microparticle
                                 Poly-L-lactic Acid (PLLA) Microparticle preparation process, which is expected
         Filler Injection
                                                                         to achieve plumping, firming, elasticity
                                                                         and natural skin rejuvenation

                                                                  An injectable anti-aging product with
 Polycaprolactone Microsphere Polycaprolactone (PCL) microspheres expected multi-effects of instant
       Gel for Injection      and gel carrier                     filling, contour shaping, and collagen
                                                                  regeneration through unique gel

                                                                              A regenerative medical aesthetic product
                                                                              adopting high-viscosity gel microsphere
    Calcium Hydroxylapatite     Calcium hydroxyphosphate (CaHA)
                                                                              mixing technology, which is expected to
  Microsphere Gel for Injection microspheres and gel carrier
                                                                              achieve facial filling and shaping, creating
                                                                              a three-dimensional facial appearance

                                     “Decellularized extracellular matrix
                                     particles”, which is derived from        A collagen product with bioactive
                                     porcine small intestinal submucosa,      components, which is expected
   Decellularized Extracellular      and mainly composed of structural        to achieve instant physical filling of
         Matrix Implant              proteins Type I and Type III collagen,   skin defects, induce natural collagen
                                     and contains functional proteins,        fiber regeneration, and achieve safe
                                     polysaccharides, cell growth factors     rejuvenation effects
                                     and other components



After their approvals, the series of regenerative medical aesthetics products are expected to synergize with the
existing marketed products of CMS Skinhealth, such as the Korean hyaluronic acid (HA) product Vmonalisa (a
painless, fashionable and accessible luxury HA filler with mid-to-large and small particle sizes from South Korea,
featured with safety and natural effect) and other light medical aesthetics products. For personalized facial concerns,
CMS Skinhealth leverages the products’ unique characteristics of different components to provide consumers with
comprehensive and refined professional light medical aesthetics solutions.

3. Steady Advancement in the R&D of Ultrasound Medical Aesthetic Devices
For “Carnation”, the focused ultrasound technology R&D platform under CMS Skinhealth, its main pipeline product is
FUBA5200 Focused Ultrasound Body Shaping System, which is a non-invasive body shaping device with independent
intellectual property right, and has been granted multiple utility model and appearance patents in China. During the
Reporting Period, the China’s medical device registration application for the FUBA5200 Focused Ultrasound Body
Shaping System has been accepted by the NMPA.




                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          20
                                                                                               INTERIM REPORT 2024
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     IV. Ophthalmology Business
     The Group’s ophthalmology business, “CMS Vision”, has set a strategic goal to become a “leading ophthalmology
     pharmaceutical and device company in China”. Relying on the extensive academic network and resources in the
     field of ophthalmology, CMS Vision focuses on ophthalmic prescription drugs, medical devices, and consumables.
     With a global-scale view, CMS Vision explores innovative products with urgent clinic needs, aiming to achieve full
     coverage in the field of ophthalmic disease medication. During the Reporting Period, CMS Vision continued to
     focus on organizational management efficiency, leveraging the advantages of an ophthalmology-focused team with
     professional competence, to enhance the efficiency of identifying, incubating, and commercializing innovative products
     on the ophthalmology pharmaceutical and device platform, and to accelerate breakthroughs in clinical diagnosis and
     technology in the field of ophthalmology.

     1. Major Marketed Products
     As of the end of the Reporting Period, CMS Vision had two major marketed products: the exclusive medicine
     Augentropfen Stulln Mono Eye Drops (the representative for the treatment of asthenopia, and the safe and convenient
     treatment option for senile macular degeneration) and the innovative medical device EyeOP1 Glaucoma Treatment
     Device (using high-focused ultrasound technology, which is a safe and effective innovative treatment for glaucoma
     utilizing a non-invasive procedure with precise targeting and convenient operations).

     During the Reporting Period, CMS Vision continued to advance and deepen the brand promotion of Augentropfen
     Stulln Mono Eye Drops, accumulating academic evidence to strengthen patients and experts recognition, and
     promoting relevant treatment guidelines/consensus recommendations. Meanwhile, leveraging its mature academic
     platform in ophthalmology, CMS Vision accelerated market access and physician continuing education for the EyeOP1
     Glaucoma Treatment Device, and focused on the differentiated clinical advantages of the innovative Ultrasonic Cyclo
     Plasticity (UCP), such as non-invasiveness, high efficiency and safety, to enhance the brand image of EyeOP1.

     As of 30 June, 2024, CMS Vision has covered approximately 10,000 hospitals and medical institutions in China.

     2. Major Pipeline Products
     CMS Vision’s main pipeline product is the Class I Innovative Biological Product for the treatment of ocular fundus
     neovascular diseases — VEGFA/ANG2 Tetravalent Bispecific Antibody (with potential for stronger efficacy and lower
     dosing frequency compared to existing anti-VEGF drugs) , which is currently advancing through multi-center Phase I/
     II clinical trial in China to evaluate the safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetics, and efficacy of intravitreal injections of the
     VEGFA/ANG2 Tetravalent Bispecific Antibody in patients with neovascular age-related macular degeneration (nAMD).
     During the Reporting Period, the product has completed the enrollment of all subjects in Phase I clinical trial, and is
     steadily advancing towards Phase II clinical trial.

     V. Southeast Asia Business
     Under the background of a stagnant global economy, the consumption potential contained in the demographic
     dividend of emerging markets, such as Southeast Asia, is gradually being unleashed, driving the steady expansion
     of the economy. In the meantime, factors such as the aging population structure, increased per capita healthcare
     expenditure, and the lack of cost-effective pharmaceutical resources are jointly propelling the vigorous development of
     the Southeast Asian healthcare industry, making it an important growth engine for the global pharmaceutical market.

     Leveraging on its rich experience in global investment and M&A, mature commercialization capabilities, and keen
     market insights, the Group has established an integrated platform of “R&D, manufacture, and commercialization” —
     the Southeast Asia business “Rxilient Health”, aiming to build a “bridgehead” for Chinese and global pharmaceutical
     companies to enter Southeast Asian market, thus making accessible and affordable quality medical products to
     benefit patients in Southeast Asia in a wider and deeper way.




21   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     INTERIM REPORT 2024
                                                                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                        (CONTINUED)




1. Improving the Platform-based Operation Structure
With the integration of the Group’s advantageous resources and the operation of a professional and experienced local
team, Rxilient Health has established a business network, with its headquarters in Singapore and operation covering
the Philippines, Malaysia, Thailand, Indonesia, Vietnam, and other regions. Meanwhile, Rxilient Health continues to
refine its systematic and platform-based operational framework for “product introduction, development, manufacturing,
formulation CDMO (contract development and manufacturing organization), and marketing and promotion”.

During the Reporting Period, the joint venture, PharmaGend Global Medical Services Pte. Ltd. (“PharmaGend”), jointly
invested by the Group, Pharmaron, and others, has been orderly advancing a series of activities at the production
plant located in Tuas, Singapore, including equipment testing, quality verification, and production quality system
certification, etc., so as to accelerate the CDMO business development. This progress aims to facilitate the Group
to initiate more industrial collaborations on a global scale and enhance the accessibility of quality drugs in emerging
markets. Additionally, it is expected to optimize the Group’s overseas supply chain and manufacturing capabilities,
ensuring the security and stability of the international supply chain.

2. Expanding the Product Portfolio
During the Reporting Period, the Group newly deployed an innovative product, povorcitinib (a selective small molecule
oral JAK1 inhibitor, expected to offer new treatment options for patients with autoimmune and inflammatory skin
diseases) and has obtained exclusive license of this product in eleven Southeast Asian countries. As of the end of
the Reporting Period, Rxilient Health has established a competitive product portfolio with more than ten differentiated
products, covering therapeutic areas such as oncology, central nervous system, autoimmune, dermatology, and
ophthalmology, etc.

During the Reporting Period, through its dedicated team, Rxilient Health has been steadily promoting the brand
building and market education for the marketed products, such as the EyeOP1 Glaucoma Treatment Device, to
enhance the product recognition by local doctors and patients. Meanwhile, Rxilient Health has accelerated the relevant
work on the market registration processes in Southeast Asian countries for innovative pipeline products, such as
ruxolitinib cream, Methylthioninium Chloride Enteric-coated Sustained-release Tablets, and Diazepam Nasal Spray, etc.
Furthermore, Rxilient Health collaborated with Shanghai Junshi Biosciences Co., Ltd. (“Junshi Biosciences”) through
their joint venture, Excellmab Pte. Ltd., to promote the registration process of the strategic collaborative product,
intravenous toripalimab (the first China-originated anti-PD-1 monoclonal antibody drug that has been approved by
China NMPA and the US FDA) in multiple Southeast Asian countries, aiming to benefit local cancer patients as soon
as possible.




                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         22
                                                                                             INTERIM REPORT 2024
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     Impact of Significant Industrial Policies
     In the H1 of 2024, the healthcare industry continued to develop focusing on operation compliance, quality
     improvement, and efficiency enhancement. The normalization and institutionalization of National VBP further released
     space for the medical insurance expenditure of innovative products. Meanwhile, the implementation of the new version
     of NRDL effectively enhanced the accessibility and affordability of innovative outcomes. As of the end of the Reporting
     Period, all four innovative products of the Group approved for marketing in China in 2023 were included in the NRDL,
     which accelerates the scaled clinical application of these products. In addition, among the Group’s major marketed
     products, three were affected by the implementation of National VBP, including Deanxit (included in the seventh batch
     of National VBP), Plendil and Ursofalk (included in the eighth batch of National VBP). The seventh and eighth batches
     were implemented successively in November 2022 and July 2023 respectively, and Deanxit, Plendil and Ursofalk were
     not selected, which had a negative impact on the Group’s financial performance.

     During the Reporting Period, the Group successfully transformed its product portfolio into a healthier structure
     focusing on exclusive and innovative products. We will continue to accelerate the deployment and clinical development
     of innovative products, and launch more innovative products for marketing and sales, driving the Group to achieve
     sustainable and quality development.

     Future Development
     Since its establishment in 1992, CMS has followed the development pattern of the industry and has promoted three
     significant strategic transformations with a forward-looking vision: from an agent of imported original drugs, to the
     rights control of mature original/exclusive products, and to the comprehensive innovation transformation. Each step of
     the transformation is in sync with the industry development trends. After many years of exploration and practice, CMS
     has been transformed into a brand-new company. While embracing the innovation achievements in each phase, we
     are fully prepared to embrace a longer and healthier development in the future.

     The Group will steadfastly implement its innovation strategy, focusing on the unmet clinical needs of patients to
     continuously deploy differentiated innovative products with scientific influence and commercial competitiveness, and to
     accumulate new development momentum and advantages. The Group will also continue to enhance the efficiency of
     the entire life cycle management of its innovative products and continue to generate differentiated innovative products
     for commercialization every year, so that quality medicines can benefit more patients and their families in China and
     Southeast Asia as soon as possible.

     Meanwhile, the Group will continue to promote the vertical development and horizontal expansion of the
     commercialization platform in our advantageous specialty fields, enhancing the comprehensive strength in
     cardiovascular, central nervous system, gastroenterology, and related areas. For the independently operated
     businesses such as dermatology/medical aesthetics and ophthalmology, we are committed to cultivating these
     businesses to become “leaders in specialty therapeutic markets”. Aligning with the business ecosystem and the
     attributes of innovative products, we will reinforce an academic and professional promotion model, using large-scale
     Real World Studies to strengthen clinical evidence, to rapidly establish brand influence.

     Additionally, regarding Southeast Asia as the starting point of its international development, CMS shares and expands
     the successful experience gained from the China market, global quality products and innovative technological
     resources into the emerging markets, primarily in Southeast Asia. The Group also accelerates the improvement
     of the innovative platform integrating “R&D, manufacture, and commercialization” of the Southeast Asia business,
     empowering Chinese and global pharmaceutical companies to implement the “overseas development” strategy, which
     also opens greater incremental development space for the Group.


23   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     INTERIM REPORT 2024
                                                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                          (CONTINUED)




The successive launches of the Group’s innovation products are the best interpretation of our commitment to
persisting in pharmaceutical innovation, as well as the powerful proof for our successful innovative transformation. With
full confidence to start the new era of “New CMS, New Rise”, we are committed to promoting quality and innovative
development and laying the foundation for a future of sustainable, healthy and rapid growth, and contributing our “CMS
Power” to uphold the healthcare cause of humankind with an unceasing stream of innovative outcomes.



Financial Review
Turnover
Turnover decreased by 21.7% to RMB3,611.1 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024 from RMB4,610.1
million for the six months ended 30 June 2023; in the case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group, turnover
decreased by 22.6% to RMB4,287.5 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024 from RMB5,536.6 million for
the six months ended 30 June 2023, mainly due to a decrease of RMB1,196.9 million (or 49.2%) in sales of three
pharmaceutical products resulted from the impact of implementation of the National Volume Based Procurement
(“National VBP”).

Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin
Gross profit decreased by 25.2% to RMB2,696.5 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024 from RMB3,605.9
million for the six months ended 30 June 2023; in the case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group, gross
profit decreased by 24.7% to RMB2,686.9 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024 from RMB3,567.3 million for
the six months ended 30 June 2023, primarily reflecting a decrease in sales of three pharmaceutical products resulted
from the impact of implementation of the National VBP. For the six months ended 30 June 2024, gross profit margin
was 74.7%, representing a decrease of 3.5 percentage points from 78.2% for the six months ended 30 June 2023; in
the case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group, gross profit margin decreased by 1.7 percentage points to
62.7% for the six months ended 30 June 2024 from 64.4% for the six months ended 30 June 2023, mainly due to a
decrease in selling prices of three pharmaceutical products resulted from the impact of implementation of the National
VBP.

Selling Expenses
Selling expenses increased by 4.5% to RMB1,400.5 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024 from RMB1,339.6
million for the six months ended 30 June 2023. Selling expenses as a percentage of turnover was 38.8% for the six
months ended 30 June 2024, representing an increase of 9.7 percentage points from 29.1% for the six months ended
30 June 2023. In the case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group, selling expenses as a percentage of
turnover increased by 8.9 percentage points to 32.4% for the six months ended 30 June 2024 from 23.5% for the
six months ended 30 June 2023, mainly due to an increase in resources injected to develop new businesses, and a
decrease in sales of three pharmaceutical products resulted from the impact of implementation of the National VBP.

Administrative Expenses
Administrative expenses increased by 13.7% to RMB361.5 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024 from
RMB318.0 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023. Administrative expenses as a percentage of turnover for
the six months ended 30 June 2024 was 10.0%, representing an increase of 3.1 percentage points from 6.9% for
the six months ended 30 June 2023. In the case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group, administrative
expenses as a percentage of turnover increased by 2.7 percentage points to 8.4% for the six months ended 30 June
2024 from 5.7% for the six months ended 30 June 2023, mainly due to an increase in administrative maintenance
expenses required by the development of new businesses, and a decrease in sales of three pharmaceutical products
resulted from the impact of implementation of the National VBP.



                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          24
                                                                                              INTERIM REPORT 2024
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     Research and Development Expenditures
     The Group’s research and development expenditures included investments for the continuous expansion of innovative
     product pipelines, expenditures on evaluation, development, registration and clinical trial of new products, salaries
     and related expenses of staff who were engaged in the aforesaid affairs. Research and development expenditures
     included the expensed research and development expenditures (i.e. research and development expenses) and capital
     payments (including payments for acquisition of equity investments in research and development companies and
     payment for acquisition and development of product rights).

     Total research and development expenditures increased by 160.4% to RMB622.2 million for the six months ended
     30 June 2024 from RMB238.9 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023. Total research and development
     expenditures as a percentage of turnover for the six months ended 30 June 2024 was 17.2%, representing an
     increase of 12.0 percentage points from 5.2% for the six months ended 30 June 2023. In the case that all medicines
     were directly sold by the Group, total research and development expenditures as a percentage of turnover increased
     by 10.2 percentage points to 14.5% for the six months ended 30 June 2024 from 4.3% for the six months ended 30
     June 2023, mainly due to increases in product right investments and research and development activities in relation to
     innovative product pipelines.

     Research and development expenses increased by 39.4% to RMB105.6 million for the six months ended 30 June
     2024 from RMB75.7 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023. Research and development expenses as a
     percentage of turnover for the six months ended 30 June 2024 was 2.9%, representing an increase of 1.3 percentage
     points from 1.6% for the six months ended 30 June 2023. In the case that all medicines were directly sold by the
     Group, research and development expenses as a percentage of turnover increased by 1.1 percentage points to 2.5%
     for the six months ended 30 June 2024 from 1.4% for the six months ended 30 June 2023.

     Capital payments (set out in the table below) increased by 216.6% to RMB516.6 million for the six months ended 30
     June 2024 from RMB163.2 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023. Such capital payments as a percentage of
     turnover for the six months ended 30 June 2024 was 14.3%, representing an increase of 10.8 percentage points from
     3.5% for the six months ended 30 June 2023. In the case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group, such
     capital payments as a percentage of turnover increased by 9.1 percentage points to 12.0% for the six months ended
     30 June 2024 from 2.9% for the six months ended 30 June 2023.

                                                                                   For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                        2024              2023
                                                                                      RMB’000              RMB’000

     Payment for acquisition of equity investments
      in research and development companies                                                  60,033               58,203
     Payment for acquisition and development of product rights                              456,605              104,971
                                                                                            516,638              163,174




25   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     INTERIM REPORT 2024
                                                              MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                     (CONTINUED)




Other Income
Other income increased by 8.0% to RMB144.5 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024 from RMB133.7 million
for the six months ended 30 June 2023, mainly due to increases in interest income and government subsidies.

Other Gains and Losses
Other gains and losses decreased by 125.4% to a loss of RMB24.7 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024
from a gain of RMB97.3 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023, mainly due to decreases in exchange gain
and investment income, and an increase in impairment losses provided for assets.

Share of Result of Associates
Share of result of associates increased by 6.0% to RMB209.6 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024 from
RMB197.8 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023, mainly reflecting an increase in profit of associates.

Finance Costs
Finance costs increased by 2.1% to RMB21.6 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024 from RMB21.2 million
for the six months ended 30 June 2023, mainly due to an increase in interest rates of bank borrowings.

Income Tax Expense
Income tax expense decreased by 36.5% to RMB232.9 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024 from
RMB366.6 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023, mainly due to a decrease in profit.

Profit for the Period
Profit for the period decreased by 52.8% to RMB903.4 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024 from
RMB1,916.0 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023, mainly due to a decrease in sales of three pharmaceutical
products resulted from the impact of implementation of the National VBP, and an increase in expenses.

Inventories
Inventories increased by 0.1% to RMB638.5 million as at 30 June 2024 from RMB637.6 million as at 31 December
2023. Average inventory turnover days increased by 28 days to 128 days for the six months ended 30 June 2024
from 100 days for the six months ended 30 June 2023, mainly due to a decrease in sales of three pharmaceutical
products resulted from the impact of implementation of the National VBP, and a higher stock level.

Trade Receivables
Trade receivables decreased by 1.7% to RMB1,127.7 million as at 30 June 2024 from RMB1,146.7 million as at 31
December 2023. Average trade receivables turnover days increased by 8 days to 80 days for the six months ended
30 June 2024 from 72 days for the six months ended 30 June 2023, mainly due to a decrease in sales of three
pharmaceutical products resulted from the impact of implementation of the National VBP.




                                                                          CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED       26
                                                                                           INTERIM REPORT 2024
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     Trade Payables
     Trade payables increased by 28.8% to RMB182.5 million as at 30 June 2024 from RMB141.7 million as at 31
     December 2023. Average trade payables days decreased by 7 days to 32 days for the six months ended 30 June
     2024 from 39 days for the six months ended 30 June 2023, primarily reflecting the difference in time points of
     settlement with suppliers.

     Liquidity, Financial Resources, Capital Structure and Gearing Ratio
     As at 30 June 2024, the Group’s bank balances and cash amounted to RMB3,914.4 million while readily realizable
     bank acceptance bills amounted to RMB158.5 million. As at 31 December 2023, our bank balances and cash
     amounted to RMB4,311.1 million while readily realizable bank acceptance bills amounted to RMB181.0 million.

     The Group had bank borrowings of RMB1,106.5 million (31 December 2023: RMB1,269.7 million) as at 30 June
     2024. The weighted average interest rate of loans was 3.3% (six months ended 30 June 2023: 2.8%) per annum. All
     the loans were due within one year and then classified as current liabilities.

     As at 30 June 2024 and 31 December 2023, the Group had a gearing ratio (being the bank borrowings of the Group
     divided by the total assets of the Group) of approximately 6.1% and 7.2%, respectively.

     The Group’s liquidity requirements will be satisfied by a combination of cash flow generated from operating activities,
     long-term bank loans and other financing means which the Company may from time to time consider appropriate.

     Exposure to Fluctuations in Exchange Rates and Interest Rates
     The Group is mainly exposed to currency risk of the US$, EUR and HK$. The conversion of RMB into foreign
     currencies is subject to the rules and regulations of foreign exchange control promulgated by the PRC government.
     Any significant exchange rate fluctuations of foreign currencies against RMB may have a financial impact on the Group.
     The Group closely monitors exchange rate fluctuations and reviews the foreign currency risk management strategy
     from time to time, and where appropriate, the management will consider hedging its foreign currency exposure. As at
     30 June 2024, the Group has entered into certain foreign exchange forward contracts to hedge its foreign currency
     risk.

     The Group will closely monitor movements of interest rates and foreign currencies market so as to mitigate the
     expected risk on interest rates and foreign currencies.

     Pledge of Assets
     As at 30 June 2024, the Group had no pledge of assets.

     Contingent Liabilities
     As at 30 June 2024, the Group had no material contingent liabilities.

     Acquisitions and Disposals of Subsidiaries, Associates and Joint Ventures
     There has been no significant acquisition or disposal of subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures by the Group during
     the six months ended 30 June 2024.




27   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     INTERIM REPORT 2024
                                                                    OTHER INFORMATION


Interim Dividend
The Board has resolved to pay an interim dividend of RMB0.1507 (equivalent to HKD0.164) per ordinary share of
the Company for the six months ended 30 June 2024 to the shareholders whose names appear on the register of
members of the Company after market closes on Monday, 2 September 2024 (the “Record Date”). Payment of such
interim dividend is expected to be made to the shareholders on about Monday, 9 September 2024.


Closure of Register of Members
The register of members of the Company will be closed on Monday, 2 September 2024, on which the registration of
transfer of shares of the Company (“Shares”) will be suspended. To qualify for the interim dividend, all transfer forms of
Shares accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company’s branch share registrar in
Hong Kong, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, at Shops 1712-1716, 17/F, Hopewell Centre, 183
Queen’s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong, for registration no later than 4:30 p.m. on Friday, 30 August 2024.

Directors’ and Chief Executive’s Interests and Short Positions in Shares,
Underlying Shares and Debentures of the Company and Its Associated
Corporations
As at 30 June 2024, the interests or short positions of the Directors and Chief Executive in the shares, underlying
shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the
Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)) as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company
pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
Limited (the “SEHK”), pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model
Code”) as set out in Appendix C3 of the Listing Rules were as follows:


                                                                           Class of Shares and        Approximate
                               Name of                                       Total Number of         Percentage of
 Name of Directors                                 Nature of Interest
                             Corporations                                      Shares Held           Interest in the
                                                                                 (Note 1)              Company

                                                  Interest in controlled    1,157,564,000 (L)
    Mr. Lam Kong             The Company                                                                 47.45%
                                                       corporation              (Note 2)

                                                    Beneficial owner          20,038,225 (L)              0.82%
  Mr. Chen Hongbing          The Company
                                                  Interest in controlled      50,225,000 (L)
                                                                                                          2.06%
                                                       corporation               (Note 3)

   Ms. Chen Yanling          The Company            Beneficial owner           7,246,250(L)               0.30%


Notes:
1. The letter “L” denotes long positions in the Shares.
2. These Shares are held by Mr. Lam Kong through Treasure Sea Limited, a company wholly owned by him.
3. These Shares are held by Mr. Chen Hongbing through Viewell Limited, a company wholly owned by him.




                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          28
                                                                                               INTERIM REPORT 2024
     OTHER INFORMATION
     (CONTINUED)




     Directors’ Right to Acquire Shares or Debentures
     At no time during the Reporting Period were rights to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in or
     debentures of the Company granted to any Director or their respective spouses or minor children, or were any such
     rights exercised by them; nor was the Company or any of its subsidiaries a party to any arrangements to enable the
     Directors, their respective spouses or minor children to acquire such rights in any other body corporate.

     Substantial Shareholders’ Interests and Short Positions in Shares,
     Underlying Shares and Debentures of the Company and Its Associated
     Corporations
     Saved as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2024, the Directors were not aware of any other person (other than the
     Directors or the Chief Executive of the Company) who held interests and short positions in the shares or underlying
     shares or debentures of the Company which would have to be disclosed to the Company and the SEHK pursuant to
     Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant
     to Section 336 of the SFO.

     Purchase, Sale or Redemption of the Company’s Listed Securities
     As at 30 June 2024, the Company repurchased an aggregate of 12,460,000 ordinary shares with a nominal value
     of US$0.005 each on the SEHK at an aggregate consideration of HK$91,613,640. All of the purchased shares were
     cancelled on 31 May 2024. The Board believes that given the current financial resources of the Company, the share
     repurchase would not affect the Company’s solid financial position in any material respect, and it would lead to an
     enhancement of the net asset value per share and/or earnings per share, which is in the interest of the shareholders
     as a whole.

     Details of the repurchase are as follows:


                                                                Price per Share (HK$)                  Aggregate
                                Number of Shares
      Date of Repurchase                                                                            Consideration Paid
                                  Repurchased           Highest Price          Lowest Price               (HK$)
          2 April 2024             2,100,000                7.67                    7.26               15,642,180
          3 April 2024             1,470,000                7.59                    7.41               11,018,370
          8 April 2024             1,550,000                7.63                    7.53               11,755,420
          9 April 2024             1,000,000                7.70                    7.59               7,636,600
          10 April 2024            1,030,000                7.56                    7.36               7,670,420
          11 April 2024            1,100,000                7.34                    7.16               7,992,990
          12 April 2024            1,050,000                7.35                    7.21               7,642,680
          15 April 2024            1,050,000                7.16                    7.04               7,444,020
          17 April 2024            1,060,000                7.04                    6.95               7,423,760
          24 April 2024            1,050,000                7.05                    7.01               7,387,200
              Total                12,460,000                 -                       -                91,613,640

     Save as disclosed above, none of the Company or any of its subsidiaries has purchased, sold or redeemed any of the
     listed securities of the Company during the Reporting Period.




29   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     INTERIM REPORT 2024
                                                                                           OTHER INFORMATION
                                                                                                        (CONTINUED)




Employees
As at 30 June 2024, the Group had a total of 5,781 employees. To meet the talent development needs of the
Group, the Group has established an internal control and management team to optimize the Group’s strategy,
organizational structure, improve the Group’s performance management and salary incentive system, etc., further
stimulate organizational vitality and improve organizational operation efficiency, enabling the Group’s human resource
management to fully match with the Group’s development strategy. The Group provides employees with competitive
remuneration packages, including medium- and long-term equity incentive schemes, salaries, bonuses, insurance
and benefits, which are based on employees’ performance and are measured against specific objective criteria.
Additionally, the Group is committed to providing equal opportunities to all employees in all respects and has made
efforts in continuing education and training programs for employees, such as orientation programs for new employees,
regulation-related trainings and job skills trainings, to continuously enhance employees’ knowledge, skills and team
spirit.

Audit Committee
The Company established an Audit Committee in 2007. The Audit Committee currently comprises three independent
non-executive Directors, and is chaired by Mr. Fung Ching Simon, with Mr. Leung Chong Shun and Ms. Luo Laura
Ying as Committee members.

The primary duties of the Audit Committee are to provide the Directors with an independent review of the effectiveness
of the financial reporting process, internal control and risk management system of the Company, to oversee the audit
process and to perform other duties and responsibilities as assigned by the Directors. The Audit Committee also
oversees the Company’s appointment of external auditors.

The Company’s interim result announcement and interim report for the six months ended 30 June 2024 have been
reviewed by the Audit Committee of the Company and approved by the Board with recommendation of the Audit
Committee.

Changes in Director’s Information
Pursuant to Rule 13.51B (1) of the Listing Rules, during the Reporting Period and up to the Latest Practicable Date (15
August 2024) of this Interim Report, changes in the information of the Directors are listed as below:

Mr. Chen Hongbing has resigned from the positions of Chief Operating Officer and Vice President of the Company on
15 August 2024, and has been appointed as a senior advisor by the Company. He was re-designated from the office
of an executive Director to a non-executive Director on the same date.

Mr. Leung Chong Shun, an independent non-executive Director, was qualified as a lawyer in the Guangdong-Hong
Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area.

Corporate Governance Practices
During the Reporting Period, the Company has complied with the applicable principles and code provisions of the
Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) as set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules, except for a deviation
from the Code Provision C.2.1 in respect of the roles of Chairman and Chief Executive which shall not be performed
by the same individual.




                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         30
                                                                                             INTERIM REPORT 2024
     OTHER INFORMATION
     (CONTINUED)




     Mr. Lam Kong has been both the Chairman and Chief Executive of the Company and his responsibilities are clearly
     established and set out in writing and approved by the Board. Given the Group’s current stage of development, the
     Board considers that vesting the roles of Chairman and Chief Executive in the same person facilitates the execution
     of the Group’s business strategies and maximizes effectiveness of its operations. The Board shall nevertheless review
     the Group’s management structure from time to time and shall consider any appropriate adjustments should new
     circumstances arise.

     The Company makes available to the Directors monthly updates of the Company, in order to keep the Directors
     informed of the Company’s latest performance and operations. In addition, the Directors also receive regular updates
     from time to time on changes and developments of the relevant legislation and regulatory environments.

     All Directors participate in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills
     to ensure that their advice to the Board remains effective and relevant. The Company keeps records of the training
     received by Directors.

     Directors’ Securities Transactions
     The Company has adopted the Written Guidelines for Securities Transactions by Directors and Relevant Employees
     (the “Written Guidelines”) on no less exacting terms than the Model Code as the code of conduct for Directors’
     securities transactions. Having made specific inquiries in relation to the compliance with the Written Guidelines for
     securities transactions by Directors, the Company confirmed that all the Directors have complied with the relevant
     standards for securities transactions by Directors set out in the Written Guidelines during the Reporting Period. The
     Written Guidelines also apply to other specified senior management of the Company.

     Employees who are likely to be in possession of unpublished price-sensitive information about the Company are also
     subject to compliance with the Written Guidelines. No incident of non-compliance with the Written Guidelines by such
     employees was noted by the Company in the Reporting Period.

     Disclosure of Information
     The Interim Report for the Reporting Period will be duly dispatched to shareholders of the Company and published on
     websites of the SEHK (www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company (www.cms.net.cn).




31   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     INTERIM REPORT 2024
                  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT
                        OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER
                             COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                           FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2024
                                                                                       Six months ended 30 June
                                                                         NOTES                2024               2023
                                                                                          RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                         (unaudited)        (unaudited)
Turnover                                                                   3             3,611,069          4,610,127
Cost of goods sold                                                                         (914,569)       (1,004,237)

Gross profit                                                                              2,696,500          3,605,890
Other income                                                                                144,457            133,710
Other gains and losses                                                                       (24,697)            97,262
Selling expenses                                                                         (1,400,459)        (1,339,620)
Administrative expenses                                                                    (361,505)          (317,984)
Research and development expenses                                                          (105,575)            (75,740)
Finance costs                                                                                (21,649)           (21,208)
Share of results of associates                                                              209,596            197,816
Share of results of a joint venture                                                             (332)             2,466

Profit before tax                                                                        1,136,336          2,282,592
Income tax expense                                                         4              (232,934)          (366,641)

Profit for the period                                                      5               903,402          1,915,951

Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
Share of other comprehensive income of associates                                             2,512            15,565
Exchange differences arising on translation of foreign operations                             1,204             7,962
Exchange differences arising on translation of interest in associates                        (6,176)           14,882
Change in fair value on cash flow hedges
- fair value loss                                                                                  -            (8,902)
- deferred tax relating to change in fair value                                                    -               652
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
Fair value loss on equity instrument
  at fair value through other comprehensive income                                          (81,443)           (12,467)

Other comprehensive (expense) income for the period, net of income tax                      (83,903)           17,692

Total comprehensive income for the period                                                  819,499          1,933,643

Profit (loss) for the period attributable to:
 Owners of the Company                                                                     910,426          1,921,056
 Non-controlling interests                                                                   (7,024)            (5,105)

                                                                                           903,402          1,915,951

Total comprehensive income (expense) for the period attributable to:
 Owners of the Company                                                                     826,523          1,938,748
 Non-controlling interests                                                                   (7,024)            (5,105)

                                                                                           819,499          1,933,643

                                                                                              RMB                RMB
Earnings per share                                                         7
 Basic                                                                                      0.3734             0.7835


                                                                                 CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED     32
                                                                                                  INTERIM REPORT 2024
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
     FINANCIAL POSITION
     AT 30 JUNE 2024



                                                                        30 June    31 December
                                                             NOTES         2024            2023
                                                                       RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                     (unaudited)        (audited)
     Non-current assets
      Property, plant and equipment                            8        378,187         397,616
      Right-of-use assets                                                78,738          76,124
      Interest in associates                                   9      3,392,512       3,271,934
      Interest in a joint venture                                       178,717         179,049
      Intangible assets                                               2,275,722       2,216,092
      Goodwill                                                        1,547,903       1,547,903
      Equity instruments at fair value through
        other comprehensive income                                       82,450         163,893
      Deposits paid for acquisition of intangible assets              1,364,827       1,013,395
      Amount due from an associate                            11         30,000          30,000
      Deferred tax assets                                                42,758          40,396

                                                                      9,371,814       8,936,402

     Current assets
      Inventories                                                       638,495         637,636
      Financial asset at fair value through profit or loss            2,129,185       1,832,258
      Trade and other receivables and prepayments             10      1,592,360       1,568,587
      Loan receivable                                                    35,635          35,945
      Tax recoverable                                                       804             784
      Derivative financial instruments                                    5,133               -
      Amount due from associates                              11        461,340         408,167
      Bank balances and cash                                          3,914,372       4,311,058

                                                                      8,777,324       8,794,435

     Current liabilities
      Trade and other payables                                12        632,623         436,976
      Lease liabilities                                                  14,646          15,416
      Contract liabilities                                               19,333          12,733
      Bank borrowings                                         13      1,106,525       1,269,650
      Derivative financial instruments                                        -          17,227
      Deferred consideration payables                                         -           1,000
      Tax liabilities                                                   275,570         295,784

                                                                      2,048,697       2,048,786

     Net current assets                                               6,728,627       6,745,649

     Total assets less current liabilities                           16,100,441     15,682,051




33   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     INTERIM REPORT 2024
                                  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                                  (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                  AT 30 June 2024




                                                                                     30 June     31 December
                                                                   NOTE                 2024             2023
                                                                                    RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                   (unaudited)        (audited)
Capital and reserves
 Share capital                                                      14                83,564           83,991
 Reserves                                                                         15,832,782       15,436,217

Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                      15,916,346       15,520,208
Non-controlling interests                                                             55,650           36,199

                                                                                  15,971,996       15,556,407

Non-current liabilities
 Deferred tax liabilities                                                           107,830            108,973
 Lease liabilities                                                                   20,615             16,671

                                                                                    128,445            125,644

                                                                                  16,100,441       15,682,051



The condensed consolidated financial statements on pages 32 to 47 were approved and authorised for issue by the
Board of Directors on 15 August 2024 and are signed on its behalf by:




                                     LAM Kong                      CHEN Yanling
                                     DIRECTOR                       DIRECTOR




                                                                          CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED     34
                                                                                           INTERIM REPORT 2024
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
     CHANGES IN EQUITY
     FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2024



                                                                                                Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Attributable
                                                                                          Surplus                               Investments                                                                                to non-
                                          Share           Share           Capital         reserve            Translation         revaluation        Accumulated          Dividend        Treasury         Sub-           controlling
                                         Capital         premium          reserve           fund              reserve             reserve             profits            reserve           stock          total           interests          Total
                                         RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000             RMB’000             RMB’000            RMB’000             RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000
     Balance at 1 January
      2024 (audited)                        83,991        2,105,621          19,545           425,635             65,052           (371,956)         13,000,329              191,991                -    15,520,208            36,199       15,556,407

     Profit (loss) for the period                  -               -                 -              -                      -                   -        910,426                     -                        910,426           (7,024)        903,402
     Other comprehensive expense
      for the period                                -              -                  -              -            (2,460)            (81,443)                     -                  -              -         (83,903)                  -     (83,903)

     Total comprehensive (expense)
      income for the period                        -               -                 -              -             (2,460)            (81,443)           910,426                     -               -        826,523           (7,024)        819,499
     Repurchase and cancellation of
      ordinany shares (note 14)               (427)         (80,020)                 -              -                      -                   -                -                   -               -         (80,447)              -         (80,447)
     Repurchased but not cancelled
      ordinary shares (note 14)                    -               -                 -              -                      -                   -                -                   -       (157,947)        (157,947)              -        (157,947)
     Capital contribution from
      non-controlling interests                    -               -                 -              -                      -                   -                -                  -                -               -         26,475           26,475
     Dividends paid (note 6)                       -               -                 -              -                      -                   -                -           (191,991)               -        (191,991)             -         (191,991)
     Dividends proposed (note 6)                    -               -                 -              -                      -                   -       (364,171)            364,171                -               -              -                -
     Transfer of reserves                           -               -                 -         3,881                       -                   -          (3,881)                  -                -               -              -                -

     Balance at 30 June
      2024 (unaudited)                      83,564        2,025,601              19,545       429,516             62,592           (453,399)         13,542,703              364,171        (157,947)    15,916,346            55,650       15,971,996



                                                                                                 Attributable to owners of the Company

                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Attributable
                                                                         Surplus                     Investments Share-based                                                                                            to non-
                                          Share          Share   Capital reserve Translation Hedging revaluation payment      Other                                               Accumulated Dividend         Sub-   controlling
                                          Capital       premium reserve    fund   reserve    reserve   reserve     reserve   reserve                                                profits   reserve          total   interests   Total
                                         RMB’000        RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000                                                            RMB’000 RMB’000            RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000
     Balance at 1 January
      2023 (audited)                        83,991 2,105,621            19,545     394,885       43,882            8,250         (242,023)          (18,716)           76,352 11,525,370         591,910 14,589,067           148,010 14,737,077

     Profit (loss) for the period                  -           -             -            -              -                 -             -                -                  -     1,921,056             -     1,921,056        (5,105)     1,915,951
     Other comprehensive income
      (expense) for the period                     -           -             -            -      38,409           (8,250)         (12,467)                -                  -              -            -        17,692                -      17,692

     Total comprehensive income
      (expense) for the period                     -           -             -            -      38,409           (8,250)         (12,467)                -                  -     1,921,056             -     1,938,748        (5,105)      1,933,643
     Dividends paid to non-controlling
      interests                                    -           -             -            -              -                 -             -                -                  -              -            -               -     (73,886)       (73,886)
     Disposal of a subsidiary                      -           -             -            -              -                 -             -                -                  -              -            -               -     (23,164)       (23,164)
     Recognition of equity-settled
      share-based payments                         -           -             -            -              -                 -             -           1,560                   -              -            -         1,560                -       1,560
     Repurchase of shares from
      non-controlling interests                    -           -             -           -               -                 -             -           54,588           (76,352)         68,435           -          46,671        1,749          48,420
     Share-based payment forfeited                 -           -             -           -               -                 -             -          (37,432)                 -              -           -         (37,432)           -         (37,432)
     Dividends paid (note 6)                       -           -             -           -               -                 -             -                -                  -              -    (591,910)      (591,910)            -       (591,910)
     Dividends proposed (note 6)                   -           -             -           -               -                 -             -                -                   -     (768,453)     768,453               -            -               -
     Transfer of reserves                          -           -             -      26,042               -                 -             -                -                  -        (26,042)          -               -            -               -

     Balance at 30 June
      2023 (unaudited)                      83,991 2,105,621            19,545     420,927       82,291                    -     (254,490)                -                  - 12,720,366        768,453 15,946,704            47,604 15,994,308




35   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     INTERIM REPORT 2024
        CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                                CASH FLOWS
                                                                 FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2024



                                                                     Six months ended 30 June
                                                       NOTES                2024               2023
                                                                        RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                      (unaudited)         (unaudited)
Net cash from operating activities                                       872,866          1,490,766

Net cash used in investing activities
 Purchase of property, plant and equipment               8                 (4,329)             (9,521)
 Payments for acquisitions of financial
  assets at fair value through profit or loss                           (296,314)           (111,688)
 Deposits for acquisition of intangible assets                          (456,605)           (104,971)
 Interest received                                                        58,175               64,876
 Dividend received from associates                                        68,260               69,093
 Acquisition of additional interest in a subsidiary                              -          (116,300)
 Capital injection to an associate                                         (2,906)            (16,417)
 Cash outflow arising on disposal of a subsidiary                                -            (11,155)

                                                                         (633,719)          (236,083)

Net cash used in financing activities
 Interest paid                                                            (29,474)            (20,216)
 Dividends paid                                          6              (191,991)           (591,910)
 Dividend paid to non-controlling interests                                       -           (73,886)
 Payment of deferred consideration payables                                 (1,000)             (1,000)
 Payment of lease liabilities                                               (7,857)             (8,212)
 New bank borrowings raised                                              422,000             590,000
 Repayment of bank borrowings                                           (590,000)         (1,100,193)
 Payment on repurchase of shares                                        (238,394)                    -
 Capital contribution from non-controlling interests                         2,794                   -

                                                                         (633,922)        (1,205,417)

Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents                    (394,775)             49,266
Cash and cash equivalent at beginning of the period                    4,311,058           4,376,376
Effect of exchange rate changes on the balance of
 cash held in foreign currencies                                           (1,911)            25,725

Cash and cash equivalent at end of the period,
 represented by bank balances and cash                                 3,914,372           4,451,367




                                                               CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED      36
                                                                                INTERIM REPORT 2024
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2024




     1.    BASIS OF PREPARATION
           The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International
           Accounting Standard 34 Interim Financial Reporting issued by the International Accounting Standards Board
           (“IASB”) as well as with the applicable disclosure requirements of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities
           on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.



     2.    PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
           The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for
           certain financial instruments, which are measured at fair values, as appropriate.

           Except as described below, the accounting policies and methods of computation used in the condensed
           consolidated financial statements for the six months ended 30 June 2024 are the same as those followed in
           the preparation of the Group’s annual financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023.

           In the current interim period, the Group has applied, for the first time, certain revised International Financial
           Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) issued by the IASB that are mandatorily effective for the Group’s annual period
           beginning on 1 January 2024 for the preparation of the Group’s condensed consolidated financial statements.
           The application of revised IFRSs in the current interim period has had no material effect on the amounts
           reported in these condensed consolidated financial statements and/or disclosures set out in these condensed
           consolidated financial statements.



     3.    TURNOVER AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
           The Group mainly sells pharmaceutical products to distributors throughout the PRC and provides promotion
           services to certain pharmaceutical manufacturers.

           For sales of pharmaceutical products to customers, revenue is recognised at a point in time when control of the
           pharmaceutical products is passed to customers, i.e. when the products are delivered and titles have passed
           to customers upon receipt by customers.

           For provision of promotion services to customers, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the Group
           satisfies its obligation to arrange for the pharmaceutical products to be provided by suppliers to distributors.

           The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue from its major products and services:
                                                                                         Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                2024               2023
                                                                                            RMB’000             RMB’000
           Sales of pharmaceutical products                                                2,685,638           3,278,537
           Promotion income                                                                  925,431          1,331,590

                                                                                           3,611,069            4,610,127




37   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     INTERIM REPORT 2024
                             NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                        (CONTINUED)
                                                                              FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2024




     The Group determines its operating segments based on the internal reports reviewed by the chief operating
     decision maker, the Executive Directors of the Company that are used for resources allocation and assessment
     of segment performance.

     During the Reporting Period, the Group has one reportable operating segment that is research and
     development, promotion, sales and manufacturing of pharmaceutical products. No operating results and
     discrete financial information is available for the assessment of performance of the respective business divisions
     and resources allocation purpose. Therefore, no analysis of the Group’s revenue, results, assets and liabilities
     by operating segments is presented.

     The sale and promotion income of the Group are generated from external customers, which are primarily
     located in the PRC.



4.   INCOME TAX EXPENSE
                                                                                   Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                         2024               2023
                                                                                      RMB’000           RMB’000
     Current tax:
      PRC Enterprise Income Tax                                                        132,256               166,168
      Hong Kong Profits Tax                                                              2,493                43,559
      Macau Complementary Income Tax                                                    10,888                84,885
      Dubai Tax                                                                          5,802                     -
     Withholding tax                                                                    85,000                83,198

                                                                                       236,439               377,810

     Deferred taxation:
      Current period                                                                      (3,505)             (11,169)

     Income tax expense for the period                                                 232,934               366,641




                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          38
                                                                                            INTERIM REPORT 2024
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2024




     5.    PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD
                                                                                     Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                           2024               2023
                                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000
           Profit for the period has been arrived at after charging (crediting):
           Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                 23,330             22,495
           Amortisation of intangible assets (included in
             cost of goods sold)                                                          90,733             81,050
           Cost of inventories recognised as an expense                                 820,236            918,741
           Interest income                                                               (67,066)           (64,876)
           Net exchange loss (gain)                                                        2,584            (69,095)




     6.    DIVIDENDS
           During the Reporting Period, a final dividend of RMB 0.0783 per share in respect of the year ended 31
           December 2023 (six months ended 30 June 2023: RMB0.2414 per share in respect of the year ended 31
           December 2022) was declared and paid to the owners of the Company. The aggregate amount of the final
           dividend declared and paid during the Reporting Period amounted to RMB191,991,000 (six months ended 30
           June 2023: RMB591,910,000).

           Subsequent to the end of the interim period, the directors have determined that an interim dividend of
           RMB0.1507 per share and amounting to RMB364,171,000 (six months ended 30 June 2023: RMB0.3134 per
           share and amounting to RMB768,453,000) will be paid to the shareholders of the Company.



     7.    EARNINGS PER SHARE
           The calculation of the basic earnings per share attributable to the owners of the Company is based on the
           following data:
                                                                                      Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                             2024               2023
                                                                                         RMB’000            RMB’000
            Earnings
            Earnings for the purposes of basic earnings per share
            (profit for the period attributable to owners of the Company)                 910,426          1,921,056

           Number of shares
           Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the
           purpose of basic earnings per share                                     2,438,355,600     2,451,988,512




39   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     INTERIM REPORT 2024
                             NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    (CONTINUED)
                                                                          FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2024




     The computation of diluted earnings per share for the six months ended 30 June 2023 did not assume the
     exercise of put options by the non-controlling shareholder of a subsidiary as the exercise of the put option
     would result in an increase of earnings per share for the period.

     No diluted earnings per share for the six months ended 30 June 2024 was presented as there were no potential
     ordinary shares in issue for the period.



8.   MOVEMENTS IN PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
     During the Reporting Period, the Group spent RMB4,329,000 (six months ended 30 June 2023:
     RMB9,521,000) on the acquisition of property, plant and equipment in order to upgrade its manufacturing and
     management efficiency.


9.   INTEREST IN ASSOCIATES
                                                                                    30 June        31 December
                                                                                       2024               2023
                                                                                   RMB’000             RMB’000
     Cost of investments in associates
      Listed outside Hong Kong                                                    2,304,356           2,304,356
      Unlisted                                                                      415,200             412,294
     Share of post-acquisition profits and other
      comprehensive income, net of dividends received                               666,228             522,380
     Exchange adjustments                                                             26,728             32,904
     Impairment loss on interest in an associate                                     (20,000)                 -

                                                                                  3,392,512           3,271,934

     Fair value of listed investment (Note)                                       3,922,766           4,519,786



     Note: The fair value of the Group’s interest in Tibet Rhodiola Pharmaceutical Holding Company (“Tibet
           Pharmaceutical”), of which its shares are listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, was determined on
           the basis of the quoted market price available on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, which is a level 1 input
           in terms of IFRS 13.




                                                                        CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        40
                                                                                         INTERIM REPORT 2024
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2024




           As at 30 June 2024 and 31 December 2023, details of the associates are as follows:

                                           Place of    Principal        Proportion of
                                        establishment/ place of      ownership interest
           Name of associates          incorporation business       held by the Group        Principal activities
                                                                   30 June 31 December
                                                                    2024         2023
           Tibet Pharmaceutical             PRC          PRC       37.36%       37.36%       Production of medicines
                                                                                              and sale of drugs


           Shenzhen Kangmai                 PRC          PRC       50.00%     50.00%         Research and development
            Biotechnology Co., Ltd.                                                           of antibodies medicines


           Eye Tech Care (“ETC”)            France      France     36.17%     36.17%         Research and development of
                                                                                              therapeutic ultrasound device


           PharmaGend Global Medical     Singapore    Singapore    45.00%     45.00%         Production of medicines
            Services Pte. Ltd                                                                 and sale of drugs



     10. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES AND PREPAYMENTS
                                                                                            30 June         31 December
                                                                                               2024                 2023
                                                                                           RMB’000              RMB’000
           Trade receivables                                                              1,137,658            1,156,770
           Less: Allowance for credit losses                                                 (10,002)             (10,032)

                                                                                          1,127,656            1,146,738
           Bills receivables                                                                158,490              180,960
           Purchase prepayment                                                              201,188              148,939
           Other receivables and deposits                                                   105,026               91,950

                                                                                          1,592,360            1,568,587



           The Group normally allows a credit period ranging from 0 to 90 days to its trade customers, but longer credit
           period up to four months is allowed to some selected customers.




41   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     INTERIM REPORT 2024
                           NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                      (CONTINUED)
                                                                           FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2024




   An aging analysis of the trade receivables (net of allowance for credit losses) presented based on the dates
   of receipt of goods at the respective reporting dates, which approximated the respective revenue recognition
   date, is as follows:
                                                                                    30 June      31 December
                                                                                       2024              2023
                                                                                   RMB’000           RMB’000
   0 - 90 days                                                                    1,105,315         1,127,469
   91 - 365 days                                                                     20,724             19,269
   Over 365 days                                                                      1,617                  -

                                                                                   1,127,656            1,146,738



   The bills receivables of the Group are of the age within six months at the end of the Reporting Period.


11. AMOUNT DUE FROM ASSOCIATES
   As at 30 June 2024, the balance of approximately RMB30,000,000 (31 December 2023: RMB30,000,000)
   was non-trade nature and non-interest bearing, represented deposit to Tibet Pharmaceutical for an exclusive
   distribution right.

   As at 30 June 2024, the balance of approximately RMB461,340,000 (31 December 2023: RMB 408,167,000)
   was trade nature and non-interest bearing, represented promotion income receivables from Tibet
   Pharmaceutical and ETC. The Group allows a credit period of 90 days to associates. The balance as at 30
   June 2024 was aged within three months (31 December 2023: within three months) based on the invoice date.


12. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
   An aging analysis of the trade payables presented based on the invoice date at the end of the Reporting Period
   is as follows:
                                                                                    30 June        31 December
                                                                                       2024                2023
                                                                                  RMB’000              RMB’000
    0 - 90 days                                                                    176,041              136,568
    91 - 365 days                                                                     3,389               4,171
    Over 365 days                                                                     3,077                 925

   Trade payables                                                                    182,507                 141,664
   Payroll and welfare payables                                                      206,607                 178,074
   Other tax payables                                                                 46,312                  21,222
   Accrued promotion expenses                                                        116,599                  39,177
   Accruals                                                                           65,793                  42,609
   Other payables                                                                     14,805                  14,230

                                                                                     632,623                 436,976


   The credit period on purchases of goods ranges from 0 to 120 days.

                                                                         CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         42
                                                                                          INTERIM REPORT 2024
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2024




     13. BANK BORROWINGS
                                                                                   30 June       31 December
                                                                                      2024               2023
                                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000
           Bank loans                                                            1,106,525          1,269,650

           Analysed as:
           Unsecured                                                             1,106,525          1,269,650

           Classified as:
           Current liabilities                                                   1,106,525          1,269,650



           During the Reporting Period, the Group’s bank borrowings decreased by a net amount of RMB163,125,000
           (six months ended 30 June 2023: decreased by a net amount of RMB501,852,000), the weighted average
           interest rate of loans was 3.3% (six months ended 30 June 2023: 2.8%) per annum.


     14. SHARE CAPITAL
                                                                           Number of shares           Amount
                                                                                       ’000          RMB’000
           Authorised share capital:
           At 31 December 2023, 1 January and 30 June 2024                      20,000,000            765,218

           Issued and fully paid:
           At 31 December 2023                                                   2,451,989             83,991
           Shares repurchased and cancelled                                         (12,460)             (427)
           Shares repurchased but not cancelled                                     (23,000)                -

           At 30 June 2024                                                       2,416,529             83,564




43   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     INTERIM REPORT 2024
                             NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                           (CONTINUED)
                                                                               FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2024




   During the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Company repurchased its own ordinary shares through the
   Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited as follow:

                                     No. of ordinary
                                       shares of                   Price per share                      Aggregated
   Month of repurchase               US$0.005 each              Highest        Lowest                consideration paid
                                                                 HK$             HK$                       HK$

   March 2024                              1,180,000              8.43            8.24                       9,841,438
   April 2024                             21,780,000              8.00            6.95                     161,037,720
   May 2024                               12,500,000              7.63            7.09                      91,913,310

   Total                                  35,460,000                                                        262,792,468

   As at 30 June 2024, 12,460,000 shares in the above shares were cancelled, the rest of 23,000,000 shares
   were repurchased by the trustee of the Company and were not cancelled and remained as treasury stock as at
   30 June 2024 at a cost of HK$171,810,000 (equivalent to RMB157,947,000) in equity.



15. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
   Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring
   basis

   Some of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities are measured at fair value at the end of each
   reporting period. The following table gives information on how the fair values of these financial assets and
   financial liabilities are determined (in particular, the valuation techniques and inputs used), as well as the level
   of the fair value hierarchy into which the fair value measurements are categorised (levels 1 to 3) based on the
   degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable.


   •   Level 1 fair value measurements are those derived from quoted prices (unadjusted) in the active market for
       identical assets or liabilities;

   •   Level 2 fair value measurements are those derived from inputs other than quoted prices included within
       Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived
       from prices); and

   •   Level 3 fair value measurements are those derived from valuation techniques that include inputs for the
       assets or liabilities that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).


			




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED            44
                                                                                              INTERIM REPORT 2024
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2024




           Financial                                              Fair value   Valuation                            Significant
           instruments                  Fair value as at          hierarchy    techniques and key inputs            unobservable inputs
                                 30/06/2024         31/12/2023

           1) Foreign         Assets -          Liabilities -       Level 2    Discounted cash flow.                Nil
              exchange        RMB               RMB                            Future cash flows are estimated
              forward         5,133,000         17,227,000                     based on forward exchange rate
              contracts                                                        and contracted exchange rate,
              classified as                                                    discounted at a rate that reflects
              derivative                                                       the credit risk of various
              financial                                                        counterparties.
              instruments


           2) Equity          Listed equity     Listed equity       Level 1    Quoted bid prices in                 Nil
              instruments     securities on     securities on                  an active market.
              at FVTOCI       stock             stock
               - listed       exchanges -       exchanges -
                              RMB               RMB
                              6,609,000         38,549,000

           3) Equity          Unlisted equity   Unlisted equity     Level 3    Market approach by applying          The ratio of market capital
              instruments     investments -     investments -                  market multiples such as the         to net book value from
              at FVTOCI       RMB               RMB                            ratio of market capital to net       comparable companies
               - unlisted     75,841,000        125,344,000                    book value from comparable
                                                                               companies.


           4) Financial       Listed equity     Listed equity       Level 1    Quoted bid prices in                 Nil
              asset at        securities on     securities on                  an active market.
              FVTPL           the HKEX -        the HKEX -
              - listed        RMB2,305,000      RMB2,602,000


           5) Financial       Assets - RMB      Assets - RMB        Level 3    Direct comparison - reference        Recent transaction prices
              asset at        903,165,000       843,190,000                    to market evidence of recent         of underlying investments
              FVTPL                                                            transaction prices of the
              - capital                                                        underlying investments.
                funds


           6) Financial       Assets - RMB      Assets - RMB        Level 2    Recent Transaction method,           Nil
              asset at        745,708,000       510,536,000                    quoted bid prices in an
              FVTPL                                                            inactive market.
              - unlisted


           7) Financial       Assets - RMB      Assets - RMB        Level 3    Market approach by applying          The ratio of market capital
              asset at        478,007,000       475,930,000                    market multiples such as the         to net book value from
              at FVTPL                                                         ratio of market capital to net       comparable companies
              - unlisted                                                       book value from comparable
                                                                               companies.




45   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     INTERIM REPORT 2024
                            NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                          (CONTINUED)
                                                                               FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2024




   Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements


                                                   Equity instruments         Financial assets
                                                      at FVTOCI                  at FVTPL                  Total
                                                       RMB’000                   RMB’000                  RMB’000

   As at 1 January 2023                                       233,047                1,045,401               1,278,448
   Purchases                                                        -                   69,901                  69,901
   Total gains
    - in profit or loss                                              -                  16,754                   16,754
    - in other comprehensive income                             11,151                       -                    11,151

   As at 30 June 2023                                         244,198                1,132,056               1,376,254

   As at 1 January 2024                                       125,344                1,319,120               1,444,464
   Purchases                                                          -                 61,589                   61,589
   Total gains
    - in profit or loss                                              -                     463                      463
    - in other comprehensive income                            (49,503)                      -                  (49,503)

   As at 30 June 2024                                          75,841                1,381,172               1,457,013



   Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are not measured at fair value on a recurring
   basis

   The directors of the Company consider that the carrying amounts of financial assets and financial liabilities
   recorded at amortised cost in the condensed consolidated financial statements approximate their fair values.



16. CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
                                                                                         30 June          31 December
                                                                                            2024                 2023
                                                                                        RMB’000               RMB’000
   Capital expenditure in respect of the acquisition of
    below items contracted for but not provided in the
    condensed consolidated financial statements
    - financial assets at FVTPL                                                          611,231               669,080
    - interest in an associate                                                            34,559                37,466




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           46
                                                                                              INTERIM REPORT 2024
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2024




     17. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
           Balances and transactions between the Company and its subsidiaries, which are related parties of the
           Company, have been eliminated on consolidation and are not disclosed in this note. Details of transactions
           between the Group and other related parties are disclosed below, in addition to the transactions and balances
           disclosed elsewhere in the condensed consolidated financial statements.

           (a)    The Group entered into the following transactions with related parties during the Reporting Period:


                   Name of                                          Nature of                  Six months ended 30 June
                   related company             Relationship         transactions                    2024        2023
                                                                                                RMB’000       RMB’000

                   Tibet Pharmaceutical        Associate             Promotion income             830,701        968,211
                   Tibet Pharmaceutical        Associate             Purchase of goods                  -             23
                   ETC                         Associate             Purchase of goods              5,556          3,786
                   ETC                         Associate             Promotion income               5,642          3,000
                   Shenzhen Mediportal
                    Health Medical
                    Internet Limited           Related party         Service fee                       630              -
                   A&B (HK) Company
                    Limited                    Related party         Royalty expenses                1,423              -



           (b)    On 20 August 2018, the Group entered into a framework asset transfer agreement with A&B relating to
                  the pharmaceutical preparation, formulation, dosage form, or delivery vehicle, containing or comprising
                  NRL-1 etc. and/or line extensions developed by or for Neurelis, Inc. (“Neurelis”) (collectively, the
                  “Product of NRL-1”). Neurelis is one of Group’s unlisted equity investments. According to terms of such
                  agreement, the Group has agreed to acquire from A&B all assets related to the Product of NRL-1 (the
                  “Assets of NRL-1”) in the Territory (the “Transaction of NRL-1”). A&B obtained the Assets of NRL-1 from
                  its related entity which in turn obtained the Assets of NRL-1 from Neurelis. As at 31 December 2023,
                  the Group and A&B had negotiated and agreed on the terms of the Transaction of NRL-1, the Group
                  has agreed to pay A&B a royalty payment of up to US$0.6 per Unit of NRL-1 imported into or sold in the
                  Territories, and the Group has agreed to pay A&B a royalty payment of 9.0% on the net sales of NRL-1
                  sold by the Group in the Territories. The Group has accrual amount of RMB1,423,000 of royalty expense
                  during six months ended 30 June 2024.

            (c)   The remuneration of key management personnel during the Reporting Period amounted to
                  RMB8,550,000 (six months ended 30 June 2023: RMB7,888,000).




47   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     INTERIM REPORT 2024
