Contents

Corporate Information....................................................................................................................................... 1

Financial Highlights............................................................................................................................................. 2

Business Highlights. ............................................................................................................................................ 3

Chairman’s Statement.......................................................................................................................................... 5

Management Discussion and Analysis. ........................................................................................................... 8

Directors and Senior Management............................................................................................................... 34

Directors’ Report............................................................................................................................................... 38

Corporate Governance Report. .................................................................................................................... 49

Environmental, Social and Governance Report....................................................................................... 61

Independent Auditor’s Report ........................................................................................................................................128

Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income.............................133

Consolidated Statement of Financial Position.......................................................................................................134

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity.......................................................................................................136

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows.....................................................................................................................137

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.................................................................................................139
    Corporate Information


    Board of Directors                                              Auditors
    Executive Directors                                             Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
    Mr. LAM Kong                                                    Registered Public Interest Entity Auditors
    Mr. CHEN Hongbing
    Ms. CHEN Yanling
                                                                    Principal Bankers
    Independent Non-Executive Directors                             China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.

    Mr. WU Chi Keung (resigned on 6 October 2021)                   Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited

    Mr. LEUNG Chong Shun                                            DBS Bank (China) Limited

    Ms. LUO Laura Ying                                              The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited

    Mr. FUNG Ching Simon (appointed on 6 October 2021)
                                                                    Registered Office
    Company Secretary                                               Maples Corporate Services Limited

    Ms. WU Sanyan                                                   PO Box 309
                                                                    Ugland House
    Authorized Representatives                                      Grand Cayman, KY1-1104
                                                                    Cayman Islands
    Ms. WU Sanyan
    Mr. LAM Kong
                                                                    Headquarters and Principal Place
    Audit Committee                                                 of Business in Hong Kong
                                                                    Unit 2106, 21/F
    Mr. FUNG Ching Simon (Chairman) (appointed on 6 October 2021)
                                                                    Island Place Tower
    Mr. WU Chi Keung (resigned on 6 October 2021)
                                                                    510 King’s Road
    Mr. LEUNG Chong Shun
                                                                    North Point
    Ms. LUO Laura Ying
                                                                    Hong Kong
    Remuneration Committee                                          Principal Contact Address in the PRC
    Mr. LEUNG Chong Shun (Chairman)
                                                                    6F - 8F, Block B, Majialong Chuangxin Building
    Mr. WU Chi Keung (resigned on 6 October 2021)
                                                                    198 Daxin Road
    Ms. LUO Laura Ying
                                                                    Nanshan District
    Mr. FUNG Ching Simon (appointed on 6 October 2021)
                                                                    Shenzhen 518052
    Nomination Committee                                            Guangdong Province
                                                                    The PRC
    Ms. LUO Laura Ying (Chairman)
                                                                    Branch Share Registrar in Hong Kong
    Mr. LAM Kong
                                                                    Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
    Mr. WU Chi Keung (resigned on 6 October 2021)
                                                                    Shops 1712-1716, 17/F, Hopewell Centre
    Mr. LEUNG Chong Shun
                                                                    183 Queen’s Road East
    Mr. FUNG Ching Simon (appointed on 6 October 2021)
                                                                    Wanchai
    Environmental, Social and                                       Hong Kong

    Governance Committee                                            Stock Code
    Ms. CHEN Yanling (Chairman)                                     867
    Mr. WU Chi Keung (resigned on 6 October 2021)
    Mr. LEUNG Chong Shun                                            Company’s Website
    Mr. FUNG Ching Simon (appointed on 6 October 2021)              www.cms.net.cn


1   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                Financial Highlights


•      Turnover up 20.0% to RMB8,337.2 million (2020: RMB6,946.0 million); in the case that all medicines were directly
       sold by the Group, turnover up 24.8% to RMB9,230.2 million (2020: RMB7395.2 million)

•      Gross profit up 21.7% to RMB6,246.9 million (2020: RMB5,134.2 million); in the case that all medicines were
       directly sold by the Group, gross profit up 24.7% to RMB6,039.2 million (2020: RMB4,842.7 million)

•      Profit for the year up 18.4% to RMB3,025.3 million (2020: RMB2,555.7 million)

•      Basic earnings per share up 19.4% to RMB1.2228 (2020: RMB1.0237)

•      As at 31 December 2021, the Group’s bank balances and cash amounted to RMB3,385.7 million while readily
       realizable bank acceptance bills amounted to RMB453.4 million

•      Proposed final dividend of RMB0.2269 per share, bringing the total dividend for the year ended 31 December
       2021 to RMB0.4910 per share, representing an increase of 18.7% over last year (2020: final dividend of
       RMB0.2033 and total dividend of RMB0.4138 per share)

Turnover (in the case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group) and profit of the Group for the last ten years
are set out below:




Consolidated Statement of Financial Position Highlights

                                                               As at 31 December
                                       2017             2018             2019               2020                2021
                                  RMB'000          RMB'000          RMB'000              RMB'000            RMB'000
    Total assets                10,148,843       10,506,452       11,170,976           12,701,067         15,807,879

    Total liabilities            2,820,586         2,102,377        1,654,844           1,598,352          2,960,892

    Net assets                   7,328,257         8,404,075        9,516,132          11,102,715         12,846,987



                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         2
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2021
    BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS


    During the Reporting Period, the Group recorded steady business growth; made several breakthroughs in clinical trials
    for innovative medicines in China; initiated new models for industrial investment in Chinese Biotech and customized
    development of innovative products; split the dermatology specialty line and expanded its business boundaries to the
    new business field of medical aesthetics. The new CMS has started a new journey.

    Sustainable Incubation Platform of Innovative Medicines

    •     Initiated a new model for industrial investment in Chinese Biotech. By leveraging its clinical execution,
          commercialization capabilities and capital strength, the Group promoted advantages complementarity with
          Chinese Biotech to build a domestic incubation platform for innovative medicines; made equity investment in
          Trinomab and established a joint venture to develop 4 fully human antibody new drugs.

    •     Initiated the model of innovative products customization. The Group entrusted CROs for customized drug
          development with a focus on novel or popular targets of the Group’s advantageous therapeutic fields, aiming
          to proactively promote the development of domestic innovative technologies and products; entrusted a CRO
          company for customized development of 4 innovative drugs with intellectual property rights mainly covering
          the treatment of autoimmune system, gynecology, cardio-cerebrovascular and central nervous system related
          diseases.

    Progress in Innovative Product Development in China

    •     The bridging trial of Diazepam Nasal Spray in China achieved the expected targets, and its new drug
          application was accepted in July.

    •     The bridging trial of Tildrakizumab Solution for Injection in China achieved positive results and its new drug
          application was accepted in October.

    •     The new drug application of Methotrexate Injection, Pre-filled Syringe (psoriasis indication) in China was
          accepted in December and granted priority review designation in January, 2022.

    •     The clinical trial application of Methotrexate Injection, Pre-filled Syringe (RA indication) in China was approved in
          August.

    •     The clinical trial application of Desidustat Tablets was approved in China. Its phase I PK study was completed,
          and the first subject dosing of phase III bridging trial in China was completed in January, 2022.

    •     The clinical trial application of Methylthioninium Chloride Enteric-coated Sustained-release Tablets in China was
          approved in August, and the first subject dosing was completed in January, 2022.




3   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                    BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS
                                                                                                   (CONTINUED)




Dermatology and Medical Aesthetic Business

•    Acquired Luqa, a dermatology and medical aesthetic specialty company, to enrich the dermatological portfolio
     and extend its reach to the medical aesthetic field.

•    Acquired Carnation, a focused ultrasound technology platform company, to initiate R&D and manufacturing
     of energy-based medical aesthetic devices. The related work of pivotal clinical study of FUBA5200 Focused
     Ultrasound Body Contouring System was initiated in China.

•    Acquired Xuli Medical, a medical aesthetic specialty company, to obtain the exclusive distribution right of
     Vmonalisa, the 4th imported South Korean hyaluronate filler for injection approved in China, and expand its
     professional teams as well as channel resources in the medical aesthetic field.

•    Reached an exclusive collaboration agreement with OVMEDI on the embedding thread product with good
     quality and complete specifications, to meet the diversified needs of Chinese beauty-loving people.




                                                                        CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED       4
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2021
    Chairman’s Statement


    Dear shareholders and partners,

    In 2021, the COVID-19 pandemic has been protracted and repeated around the world, and the growth of global trade
    and investment has slowed down. The global economy has faced major challenges such as balancing inflationary
    pressure and economic growth, addressing energy shortages and reducing carbon emissions. The Chinese
    government has continued to implement macro policies aimed at increasing support for efforts to ensure employment
    and people’s well-being, expand domestic demand, and promote the transformation to green and low-carbon energy.
    New industries, new forms and models of business have unleashed tremendous vitality and became major drivers
    for the stable growth, transformation and upgrading of economy. In the meanwhile, with remarkable achievements
    made in the deepened industry reform, the pharmaceutical industry will usher in a new era of development after the
    structural adjustment. In the past year, China Medical System Holdings Limited (the “Company”) constantly strived
    for breakthroughs with innovation and change, having achieved satisfactory operational performance that further
    strengthened our determination and confidence for the future. On behalf of the Board of Directors of the Company (the
    “Board of Directors” or the “Board”), I would like to sincerely thank all our staff, shareholders and partners, and take
    pleasure in presenting you the Annual Report of the Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group” or “CMS”) for the year
    ended 31 December 2021 (the “Reporting Period”).


    The “New CMS” Development Path in the New Era
    China’s pharmaceutical innovation has achieved rapid development from scratch with the help of favorable policies
    and capital supports for the past few years, and ushered in the first year of commercialization of innovative medicines
    in 2021. However, given the high repetition and homogenization of domestic novel targets, as well as dual pressures
    from national medical insurance cost control and centralized procurement in China, the commercialization competition
    will certainly accelerate a new round of industrial restructuring. In the new era, it has become critical for pharmaceutical
    companies to strengthen commercialization capabilities and differentiate development strategies to survive and stand
    out. Taking into account the trend and our advantages, we re-positioned ourselves and started anew, having formed
    a clearer innovative development strategy and a specialty-fields-focused business model, and successfully connected
    and integrated internal and external advanced resources, so as to promote high-quality, sustainable and healthy
    development of the Company.


    Capitalizing on Management and Control of Key Stages in the Entire Life-cycle of Medicines,
    to Build an Open Innovative Medicine Platform Connecting Pharmaceutical Innovation and
    Commercialization

    CMS has been collaborating with global partners since its establishment, and has accumulated abundant successful
    experience and good reputation, and developed an open and collaborative culture. Under the new industrial
    structure, the collaboration between innovative forces and CMS is further expanded and deepened. By continuously
    strengthening our competencies in key stages of the entire life-cycle of innovative medicines, including innovative
    medicine investment and incubation (investment, merger and acquisition (M&A)), product development (project
    establishment, clinical development and registration) and commercialization (the National Reimbursement Drug
    List (NRDL) inclusion, market access, and retail marketing), we have gradually transitioned to the role as a bridge
    connecting pharmaceutical innovation and commercialization, and will promote the platform-based development of
    innovative medicines to constantly launch innovative medicines and empower the development of China’s innovation
    ecosystem.


5   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                        CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
                                                                                                          (CONTINUED)




Our commercialization capabilities built up over the years are the cornerstone for building the innovation platform. With
market-proven commercialization strengths in the prescription medicine field, which include NRDL inclusion, academic
promotion, and brand building capabilities, in recent years, we proactively promoted the construction of multi-channel
sales networks and capitalized on the internet and new media to extend the hospital-based commercialization network
to the retail market. Meanwhile, we also worked on the expansion of our commercialization network from Mainland
China to Hong Kong and Southeast Asian countries. After continuous iteration and optimization, we have established
an open commercialization platform for diversified product portfolios with different consumption attributes, in different
specialty fields and different regions, so as to constantly unlock the value of innovative medicines driving by business
synergy and scale.

Our continuously enhanced management and control capabilities in key stages, such as investment, M&A, clinical
development and registration, have effectively bolstered the rapid progress in innovation collaborations. With extensive
doctor resources and academic networks in our commercialization system, we are able to keep abreast of market
demands, and continuously invest in or acquire select innovative products that meet clinical needs via leveraging
our sophisticated project evaluation system and dedicated team of professionals. At the same time, we have
actively integrated industrial resources with our own strengths, and efficiently promoted the clinical development and
registration of innovative medicines in China through strict control of project establishment, clinical design, patient
enrollment, registration and other key stages.

In 2021, while making investment and deployment of overseas innovative products at relatively mature stages,
we capitalized on the above core competencies to initiate two new models for innovative research: the industrial
investment in Chinese Biotech and the customized development of innovative products, and reached strategic
collaborations on 8 innovative medicines. So far, nearly 30 products had been added to our innovative pipeline, among
them, 3 products’ new drug applications were accepted, 2 products obtained positive results from their China bridging
trials, and 3 products obtained clinical trial approvals in China.



Promoting Independent Operation of Specialty Lines, to Build Leading Enterprises in
Specialty Markets

Having nearly three decades of experience under our belt, we have established leading positions in a number of
specialty fields. Based on our advantageous resources in these specialty fields, we promoted the independent
operation of specialty lines and constructed a multi-entity responsibility operation system, in hope to build leading
enterprises in these specialty markets. We also formed moderately diverse incentive policies to stimulate internal
dynamics to drive better growth.

In 2021, we split the dermatology business and acquired Luqa to enrich the dermatological product portfolio and enter
the medical aesthetic field. The medical aesthetic industry, featured with both medical and consumption attributes,
requires scientific technologies to drive quality development. Thus, we adopted a scientific research mindset to deploy
medical aesthetic products via mergers and acquisitions, and built brand value with a focus on customers. To create
competition barriers for long-term development, we worked on the consolidation and development of our product
competence, channel strength and organization power. After a year of polishing, reconstruction and symbiosis, “CMS
Aesthetics” has entered a new stage of development and is about to take off.




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          6
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2021
    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
    (CONTINUED)




    In recent years, China’s ophthalmic market has shown an exponential growth trend, while a huge treatment gap exists.
    Based on our existing ophthalmology products, as well as the ophthalmologist resources and promotion networks
    accumulated over the years, we strategically planned for the independent operation of ophthalmology line to further
    improve the operation scale and efficiency in the ophthalmology field. We aim to identify, develop and commercialize
    urgently needed ophthalmological diagnosis and treatment solutions, and to build a leading ophthalmic pharmaceutical
    and device company in China.

    With the operation strategy of specialty line splitting, we further promoted reform on group management. Through
    adjustments in the management and control system, organization structure, functional division, various incentives,
    etc., we have built a multi-level strategic management and control system with “strategy-management-execution”
    independent of each other, so as to create an effective, replicable and widely applicable group management and
    operation model that conforms to the increasingly diversified business system and the Group’s long-term development
    needs.


    Being a Socially Responsible Corporate Citizen
    In 2021, our Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) performance was widely recognized by all sectors of
    society. We maintained the ESG rating from Morgan Stanley Capital International (MSCI) at “AA”, which surpassed
    83% of our global peers, and received multiple ESG-related awards. These honors are inseparable from our efforts
    in corporate social responsibility over the years. As a pharmaceutical company, we are fully aware of the social
    significance of the pharmaceutical industry and the social responsibility undertaken by pharmaceutical companies,
    and we have been committed to offering patients more affordable, cost-effective, safe and effective quality medicines
    based on clinical needs. Meanwhile, we have been actively paying attention to environmental protection and social
    welfare, and have incorporated relevant concepts into the formulation of the Group’s operation strategies, made
    monetary and material donations in unexpected disasters, and carried out regular activities to promote the sustainable
    development of society. As China’s economy advances towards high-quality development, sustainable development
    has become the trend of the times. We will continue to be a socially responsible corporate citizen, operate in
    accordance with laws and regulations, strive to undertake more social responsibilities, and work together with all
    stakeholders to create a green, fair, healthy, high-quality and sustainable industrial and social ecology.


    Looking Ahead with Full Confidence
    The year of 2022 marks the 30th anniversary of the establishment of CMS. I am delighted to see that CMS is still
    upholding its original aspiration, embracing changes and continuously innovating while maintaining steady operation.
    We are full of confidence for the future. With the moat built by our advantageous capabilities and the support of new
    business models, new products and new businesses, we will continue to forge ahead to provide quality and accessible
    innovative medicines for patients, empower our employees with a desirable career platform, reward our shareholders
    with industry-leading profitability, and lead our company toward sustainable development and ever-lasting prosperity!



                                                                                                          Chairman
                                                                                                         Lam Kong
                                                                                                      Hong Kong, China
                                                                                                       15 March 2022


7   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                   Management Discussion
                                                            and Analysis

Company Overview
CMS is a well-established, innovation-driven specialty pharma with a focus on sales and marketing in China, dedicated
to offering competitive products and services to meet China’s unmet needs for medical care, health and beauty.

CMS has strong capabilities and professional teams covering key stages of the entire life-cycle of pharmaceutical
products. In line with the clinical needs of patients, the Groups focuses on deploying innovative products that
are global first-in-class, or with the best efficacy, safety or cost-effectiveness in the class due to their innovative
formulations or drug delivery systems, mainly through equity investment in overseas biotech companies (“Overseas
Biotech”) and strategic collaboration with global leading biopharmaceutical companies (“Global Biopharma”), industrial
investment in Chinese biotech companies (“Chinese Biotech”), and customized development of innovative medicines.
The Group has built an innovative pipeline of early-, mid- and late-phase products with relatively high innovation
level, promising market potential and competitive differentiation advantages. The Group covers extensive expert and
hospital network resources in wide therapeutic fields, and owns professional clinical development and registration
teams, which run the clinical development and registration of innovative medicines in China with high efficiency and
quality. The Group has created professional brand images and leading market positions for a number of medicines by
leveraging its open commercialization platform, which is compliant, professional and with multi-channels coverage.
With strong product competence, powerful commercialization capability and refined management system, the Group
has become one of the pharmaceutical companies with the highest operating efficiency in China.

While maintaining the in-depth development of the pharmaceutical business, the Group leverages on its
commercialization strengths, including brand and expert resources in specialty fields, and continuously promotes the
independent operation of specialty lines to expand its business depth and breadth, and its specialty-fields-focused
business structure has further bolstered the Group’s long-lasting growth.


Business Review
During the Reporting Period, the Group has achieved sustained and steady growth in business performance via
expansion of products brand influences, integration and synergy of promotional team and channel resources, as well
as reinforcement of the compliant, efficient and refined management. During the Reporting Period, the Group recorded
a turnover of RMB8,337.2 million (2020: RMB6,946.0 million), representing an increase of 20.0% over the same
period last year; in the case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group, turnover would increase by 24.8% to
RMB9,230.2 million (2020: RMB7,395.2 million). Profit for the year reached RMB3,025.3 million (2020: RMB2,555.7
million), representing an increase of 18.4% over the same period last year.




                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         8
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2021
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
    (CONTINUED)




    In recent years, the Chinese pharmaceutical industry has been undergoing a “genetic recombination” driven by
    both demands and policies, and it has become a non-negligible trend for industry chain participants to utilize their
    strengths to seek for diversified collaborative development. By capitalizing on its capabilities in management and
    control of key stages in the entire life-cycle of innovation medicines, including the innovative medicine investment and
    incubation (investment, M&A), product development (project establishment, clinical development and registration)
    and commercialization (NRDL inclusion, market access, and retail marketing), the Group has managed to build an
    open innovative medicines incubation platform bridging the pharmaceutical innovation and commercialization with
    the support of its professional teams and extensive resources in specialty fields. The Group actively approached
    and collaborated with global R&D forces to build an efficient pharmaceutical innovation ecosystem featured with
    collaborative and win-win mentality and strong synergy effect. At the same time, the Group proactively coordinated
    internal and external resources for incubation of independently-operated business units in specialty fields, and
    promoted the rapid development of the dermatology and medical aesthetic business, forming a replicable model for
    the specialty–fields-focused development strategy.



    I. Innovative Research
    Based on the clinical needs of patients, the Group has built a comprehensive, diversified and open system for
    investment, M&A, and development of innovative medicines, which effectively balances the efficiency of R&D input-
    output and provides continuous driving force for innovation, to build an innovative medicine incubation platform with
    “CMS characteristics”.


    1. Initiating Industrial Investment in Chinese Biotech to Build an Incubation Platform of
    Innovative Medicines for Biotech Companies
    In recent years, Chinese Biotech have continuously made breakthroughs in innovative biotechnologies via leveraging
    their talent advantages, capital support and favorable policies, taking the Chinese pharmaceutical innovation into a
    new development cycle. In order to make both parties to focus on their own strengths and achieve an open, win-win
    cooperation and strong alliance, and improve the innovative medicines development efficiency in China, the Group
    initiated the model of industrial investment in Chinese Biotech with innovative technology platforms.

    In April 2021, the Group announced that it would make equity investment in and establish a joint venture for co-
    development of innovative drugs with Trinomab Biotech Co., Ltd ( 珠 海 泰 諾 麥 博 生 物 技 術 有 限 公 司 , the English
    name is for identification purpose) (“Trinomab”). As at 31 December 2021, the Group held 5.97% equity interests in
    Trinomab. Both parties own 50% of the equity interest of the joint venture, and the Group made capital contribution
    in cash and Trinomab made capital contribution using the rights and interests regarding the related technologies
    of collaborative products as intangible assets. According to the agreements, Trinomab will be responsible for drug
    discovery and preclinical studies, while the Group being responsible for clinical development, registration, and
    commercialization, etc., to promote integration and complementarity of advantageous industrial resources, and
    accelerate the clinical development and commercialization progress of domestic innovative products.




9   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                          (CONTINUED)




Trinomab’s core technology is the fourth-generation antibody technology platform HitmAb®. The advantage of the
natural fully human monoclonal antibodies developed by the platform is the high safety, having broad spectrum
to foreign pathogens and strong affinity with pathogen targets, which can solve the problem of anti-drug antibody
reaction in the clinical use of antibody drugs developed by traditional technologies. During the Reporting Period, the
Group reached collaboration with Trinomab for 4 innovative products developed by the HitmAb® platform, the Fully
Human Anti-Staphylococcus Aureus (SA) Alpha-hemolysin (Hlα) Antibody, Fully Human Anti-Human Cytomegalovirus
(HCMV) Antibody, Fully Human Anti-SARS-CoV-2 (COVID-19) Antibody and Fully Human Anti-rabies Virus Antibody,
all of which were injected into the joint venture. In the future, both parties will continue to negotiate to promote the
prioritized collaboration on other specific products.



2. Initiating the Customization of Innovative Products
The Group owns an operation system and professional team that manage and control key R&D processes that
cover from target selection, structure-activity relationship study, process development, preclinical research to clinical
development. Meanwhile, the Group has maintained long-term close collaborations with first-class medical colleges
in China and leveraged on their academic resources and scientific research facilities to jointly overcome innovation
difficulties, further enhancing the Group’s innovation capability in fundamental research through the in-depth industry-
academy-research cooperation. In order to enhance its R&D efficiency, the Group entrusts CROs for customized drug
development with a focus on novel or popular targets of its advantageous therapeutic fields, and takes initiatives to
manage and control entire life-cycle of innovative medicines, aiming to make breakthroughs in domestic innovative
technologies and products and empower the innovative technology development in China.

In December, 2021, the Group entrusted a CRO for the customized development of 4 innovative drugs mainly related
to the treatment of diseases in autoimmune system, gynecology, cardio-cerebrovascular and central nervous system.
According to the collaboration agreement, the Group owns the global intellectual property rights and related interests
of the customized innovative products, and the CRO is responsible for pre-clinical studies of the products until the
products are granted approvals for clinical trials from the National Medical Products Administration (NMPA) in China.



3. Equity Investment in Overseas Biotech and Strategic Collaboration with Global Biopharma
Based upon patients’ clinical needs, the Group has been deploying overseas innovative products at relatively mature
stages through equity investment in Overseas Biotech and strategic collaboration with Global Biopharma since the
second half of 2017, aiming to improve the accessibility of Chinese patients to overseas innovative medicines. As at
31 December 2021, through these methods, the Group has acquired the clinical development and commercialization
rights mainly regarding Chinese market of a number of innovative products that are in the mid- and late-phase of
clinical development or have been approved for marketing in the United States (the U.S.) and/or Europe. Among them,
the Group has made equity investment in 7 Overseas Biotech and acquired related innovative products.




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          10
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2021
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     II. Innovative Pipeline
     The Group adopts various methods to enrich and develop the innovative pipeline with products at different
     development phases and risk levels that truly meet patients’ clinical needs. Meanwhile, the Group fully utilizes its
     resource advantages of experts, networks and talents in the industry, to accelerate the clinical development progress
     of innovative products in China.

     As at 31 December 2021, the Group has acquired nearly 30 innovative products with relatively high innovation
     level, promising market potential and competitive differentiation advantages from all over the world. Among them, 9
     products had been approved for marketing in the U.S. and/or Europe. During the Reporting Period, the new drug
     applications of 3 innovative products were accepted by NMPA; 2 innovative products obtained positive results from
     their China bridging trials; 3 innovative products obtained clinical trial approvals from NMPA.


     1. Continuously Expanding the Innovative Pipeline
     Fully Human Anti-SA Hlα Antibody - a natural fully human anti-SA antibody drug with Hlα neutralizing
     activity

     Fully Human Anti-SA Hlα Antibody can neutralize the Hlα released by SA to avoid immune downregulation to B cells
     and to improve immune response. The product is developed to prevent disease progression in high-risk groups for
     SA colonization and treat pneumonia, bacteremia, and toxic shock caused by SA, especially Methicillin-resistant
     SA (MRSA), and it is in the preclinical stage currently. Hlα toxin is the most widely expressed one among toxins SA
     produced, while there is no Hlα antibody drug launched in the world currently. The product has good safety and
     its preclinical studies have shown good Hlα toxin neutralizing activity. It is expected to solve the problems of high
     mortality, resistance to treatment and side effects from SA infection.


     Fully Human Anti-HCMV Antibody - a natural fully human antibody drug with HCMV neutralizing activity

     Fully Human Anti-HCMV Antibody can neutralize free viruses in blood and has the capacity for neutralization within
     cells twice. The product is developed for the prevention of HCMV infection, and it is in the preclinical stage currently.
     There is no HCMV vaccine launched in the world so far. The product has a precise mechanism of action and excellent
     safety, and can be produced on a large scale under strict quality control due to its non-blood-derived production
     process. It is expected to fill the gap of HCMV monoclonal antibodies in the world.




11   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                             (CONTINUED)




Fully Human Anti-COVID-19 Antibody - a natural fully human antibody effective against major current
strains with low immunogenicity

Fully Human Anti-COVID-19 Antibody, a neutralizing antibody cocktail, can provide broad neutralizing activities and
cover a wider population. The product is developed for the prevention and treatment of COVID-19 infection, and it is
in the preclinical stage currently. The product has the advantages of good safety, specificity and high affinity, and its
preclinical data shows that it is effective against major current strains, including the South African and Indian variants.
Facing the potential pandemic caused by these variants, the product is expected to further meet the global needs for
prevention and treatment of COVID-19 infection.


Fully Human Anti-rabies Virus Antibody - an accessible natural fully human antibody with low
immunogenicity and high affinity

Fully Human Anti-rabies Virus Antibody can confer passive immune response to rabies virus through providing required
neutralizing antibodies at the site of exposure within 0-7 days after exposure, when the body is not able to generate
its own antibodies induced by active immunization with vaccine. The product is in the preclinical stage currently.
The marketed passive immunization agents in China are subject to production capacity limitation due to the blood
plasma-derived production process, and their market penetration rate is relatively low. As a non-blood plasma-derived
product, Fully Human Anti-rabies Virus Antibody may become a passive immunization medicine for rabies virus that is
not limited by related production capacity issues, while having high safety and strong affinity.



2. Accelerating the Clinical Development of Innovative Products in China
Diazepam Nasal Spray - an innovative medicine targeting acute repetitive seizures that is convenient to
use outside the medical setting with a very rapid onset of action (approved for marketing in the U.S.)

In July 2021, the new drug application of Diazepam Nasal Spray was accepted by NMPA.
In March 2021, the Group completed the product’s bridging trial in China, which is a comparative pharmacokinetics
(PK) study. The result showed the absorption of a single intranasal dose of Diazepam Nasal Spray was fast and
complete, while the PK parameters of diazepam and its active metabolite desmethyl diazepam were similar to those
observed in relevant study in the U.S., achieving the expected targets. It was also shown to be safe and well tolerated
in healthy Chinese subjects. The product is an intranasally administered, proprietary formulation of diazepam with
relatively high absolute bioavailability, developed for the treatment of intermittent, stereotypic episodes of frequent
seizure activity (i.e., seizure clusters, acute repetitive seizures) in patients with epilepsy 6 years of age and older. Its
formulation incorporates the unique combination of a vitamin E-based solvent and Intravail® absorption enhancement,
which helps it to obtain unparalleled absorption, tolerability, and reliability.




                                                                               CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           12
                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2021
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     Tildrakizumab Solution for Injection - a monoclonal antibody specifically targeting IL-23 (approved for
     marketing in the U.S., Europe, Australia, Japan and Canada)

     In October 2021, the new drug application of Tildrakizumab Solution for Injection was accepted by NMPA.
     In March 2021, the Group completed the enrollment of all the 220 subjects in its phases III bridging trial in China,
     which only took around 2.5 months (including the Chinese Spring Festival) and strongly proved the Group’s efficient
     clinical execution capability by leveraging its extensive sales and promotion networks and expert resources. In July,
     the Group announced the trial obtained positive results, and the preliminary data demonstrated that comparing
     with placebo, the treatment of the product for 12 weeks significantly increased the proportion of subjects who have
     achieved at least 75% of improvement in psoriasis area and severity index (PASI 75). The product is a humanized
     lgG1/k monoclonal antibody designed to selectively bind to the p19 subunit of interleukin-23(IL-23) and inhibit its
     interaction with the IL-23 receptor, leading to inhibition of the release of pro-inflammatory cytokines and chemokines.
     It is developed for the treatment of patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis, and is expected to be a safe,
     effective and most cost-effective novel monoclonal antibody targeting IL-23.

     Methotrexate Injection, Pre-filled Syringe
     - expected to be the first MTX pre-filled injection for subcutaneous administration for the treatment of
     psoriasis in China (approved for marketing in Europe)
     In December 2021, the new drug application of Methotrexate Injection, Pre-filled Syringe for the treatment of severe
     recalcitrant disabling psoriasis and other autoimmune diseases was accepted by NMPA. In January 2022, the
     product’s new drug application was granted priority review designation by the Center for Drug Evaluation (CDE) of
     NMPA, which is expected to accelerate its registration process in China. The product is a methotrexate (MTX) injection
     with multiple strengths in a small volume, expected to meet the basic treatment needs of psoriasis patients.

     - expected to be the first MTX pre-filled injection for subcutaneous administration for the treatment of RA
     in China (approved for marketing in Europe)
     In August 2021, the clinical trial application of Methotrexate Injection, Pre-filled Syringe for the treatment of adult
     rheumatoid arthritis (RA) was approved by NMPA. MTX is internationally well accepted as the first-line gold standard
     medicine and anchored agent for the systemic treatment for RA, however, no MTX pre-filled injection for the treatment
     of RA has been approved for marketing in China. The product shows lower adverse effect profile (compared with oral
     application of MTX), good bioavailability and clinical efficacious response, and convenience of dosage management
     and administration, achieving a great balance of efficacy, safety, tolerability and compliance.




13   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                           (CONTINUED)




Cyclosporine Eye Drops 0.09% - a preservative-free, innovative ophthalmic formulation using globally
patented nanotechnology (approved for marketing in the U.S., Australia and Canada)
In May 2021, the Group completed the enrollment of all the 384 subjects in the phase III bridging trial of Cyclosporine
Eye Drops 0.09% in China, which only took around 4 months (including the Chinese Spring Festival) and again
convincingly demonstrated the Group’s efficient clinical execution. In May, the Group was informed by its partner, Sun
Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. (“Sun Pharma”), that Sun Pharma would voluntarily recall a batch of Cyclosporine Eye
Drops 0.09% in the U.S. due to anomalies in the particulate matter and content. As the same batch of the product
was used in the bridging trial in China, the Group decided to voluntarily suspend the phase III bridging trial in China.
The new phase III bridging trial in China will be conducted immediately when the new product batch for the clinical trial
that meets our quality requirement is received. The product is a nanotechnology-enabled formulation in clear solution,
developed for increasing tear secretion in patients with keratoconjunctivitis sicca (dry eye). It uses a unique tiny
structure called “micelle” as the vehicle to allow for greater tissue penetration and gentle side effect profile in a high
concentration.

Desidustat Tablets - an oral hypoxia-inducible factor-prolyl hydroxylase inhibitor (HIF-PHI) (approved for
marketing in India)
In January 2021, the clinical trial application of Desidustat Tablets was approved by NMPA. Afterwards, the Group
completed the phase I PK study in June, and completed the first subject dosing of China phase III bridging trial of the
product in January 2022. The product is a novel oral HIF-PHI, developed to treat anemia in chronic kidney disease
patients (including hemodialysis and non-dialysis patients).

Methylthioninium Chloride Enteric-coated Sustained-release Tablets - an oral methylene blue sustained-
release formulation that enhances diagnosis sensitivity in detecting cancerous/precancerous lesions
during colonoscopy (approved for marketing in Europe)
In August 2021, the application of phase III clinical trial for bridging in China of Methylthioninium Chloride Enteric-
coated Sustained-release Tablets was approved by NMPA, and then the first subject was dosed in January 2022. The
product is a novel oral sustained-release formulation for diagnosis, which can help to improve the detection rate of
colorectal cancer/precancerous lesions by enhancing visualization of the colorectal lesions in adult patients undergoing
screening or surveillance colonoscopy.




                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          14
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2021
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     3. Innovative Pipeline
     Launched Overseas or Under Marketing Application Review

                            Rights                                                                                               Major Marketed Regions
                                                                            Clinical Trial Clinical Trial for Marketing Marketed
          Product         Authorized              Indication                 Approval       Registration      Application        CN US EU JP
                           Region
                                        Intermittent, stereotypic
                                        episodes of frequent seizure
        Diazepam                        activity (i.e., seizure clusters,
       Nasal Spray                      acute repetitive seizures) in
                                        patients with epilepsy six
                                        years of age and older

       Tildrakizumab
          Solution                      Moderate-to-severe plaque
        for Injection                   psoriasis
     (Biological Agent)
                                        Severe recalcitrant disabling
       Methotrexate                     psoriasis and other
      Injection, Pre-                   autoimmune diseases
       filled Syringe
                                        Adult rheumatoid arthritis

                                        Increasing tear secretion
      Cyclosporine                      in patients with
       Eye Drops                        keratoconjunctivitis sicca
         0.09%                          (dry eye)
                                        An diagnostic agent to
     Methylthioninium                   enhance visualisation
          Chloride                      of colorectal lesions in
      Enteric-coated                    adult patients undergoing
        Sustained-                      screening or surveillance
      release Tablets                   colonoscopy
        Desidustat                      Anemia in patients with
         Tablets                        chronic kidney disease
                                        Reduction of elevated
                                        intraocular pressure
       Latanoprost                      in patients with open-
        Eye Drops                       angle glaucoma or ocular
                                        hypertension
                                        An aid for weight
                                        management in adults with
         PLENITY                        a BMI of 25-40 kg/m2 when
                                        used in conjunction with
                                        diet and exercise
                                        Adjunctive therapy for the
      Levetiracetam                     treatment of partial-onset
        XR Tablet                       seizures
                                        Non-invasive urothelial
         BCG for                        bladder carcinoma,
       Intravesical               *     including curative treatment
        Instillation                    of carcinoma in situ and
        (Biological                     prophylactic treatment of
          Agent)                        recurrence
                                        Chronic balance deficit
           PoNS                         due to mild-to-moderate
                                        traumatic brain injury
                                        Metastatic breast cancer,
        Paclitaxel                      locally advanced/ metastatic
         Injection                      non-small cell lung cancer,
      Concentrate                       metastatic adenocarcinoma
     for Suspension                     of the pancreas

         China      Overseas          Designated Asian Regions              Mainland China, Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan

     *Taiwan is not included in the rights authorized region of BCG for Intravesical Instillation



15   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                                      (CONTINUED)




Under R&D Stages

                       Rights                                                        Clinical
                                                                          Pre-                  Phase Phase   Phase      Marketing
    Product          Authorized                Indication                             Trial
                                                                         clinical                 I     II      III      Application
                      Region                                                        Approval
                                  Eye pain and inflammation after
    SDN-037                       cataract surgery

                                  Reduction of elevated intraocular
    PDP-716                       pressure in patients with open-angle
                                  glaucoma or ocular hypertension

     CF101                        Psoriasis

     ACT017                       Acute phase of ischemic stroke
(Biological Agent)

                                  Hepatocellular carcinoma
     CF102
                                  Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease /
                                  non-alcoholic steatohepatitis

                                  Prevention of post-surgical
                                  staphylococcal infections
     XF-73
                                  Infectious diseases

    BB2603                        Onychomycosis and tinea pedis

      VXM01                       Recurrent glioblastoma
(Biological Agent)

                                  Intended to be used to prevent
Fully Human Anti-                 disease progression in high-risk
 SA Hlα Antibody                  groups for SA colonization and treat
(Biological Agent)                pneumonia, bacteremia, and toxic
                                  shock caused by SA, especially MRSA

Fully Human Anti-                 Intended to be used for prophylaxis
 HCMV Antibody                    of HCMV infection
(Biological Agent)

   Fully Human
  Anti-COVID-19                   Intended to be used for prevention
     Antibody                     and treatment of COVID-19 infection
(Biological Agent)

                                  Intended to be used for rapid
   Fully Human                    passive immunization of patients
 Anti-rabies Virus                bitten and scratched by rabies
     Antibody                     infected dogs or other animals
(Biological Agent)                susceptible to rabies infection

  CMS-D001                        Autoimmune diseases

  CMS-D002                        Gynecological diseases

  CMS-D003                        Cardio-cerebrovascular diseases

  CMS-D004                        Central nervous system diseases


  China       Overseas      Global        Designated Asian Regions         Mainland China, Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan




                                                                                        CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          16
                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2021
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     III. Competitive Generics
     The Group selectively deployed generics with promising market potential and good competitive landscape, expecting
     to contribute additional growth to the Group’s performance via participating in the centralized procurement.

     The main competitive generics of the Group are as follows:


                                                                                                           Number of
                                                                                   2021 IQVIA Data
                                                                                                            the Same
                                                                   Registration    of Products with
                                                                                                          API Products
         Category          Product             Indication           Progress       the Same Active
                                                                                                             Passing
                                                                    in China        Pharmaceutical
                                                                                                          Consistency
                                                                                   Ingredients (API)
                                                                                                           Evaluation*

                         Doxorubicin
          Complex       Hydrochloride                              Under ANDA         About
                                               Anti-tumor                                                      1
          Generic         Liposome                                   Review         RMB3.4 billion
                           Injection


                         Paliperidone                               Obtained
                                                                                      About
                          Extended-          Schizophrenia          Marketing                                  1
                                                                                    RMB0.4 billion
                       release Tablets#                             Approval

                          Tacrolimus          Liver or renal       Under ANDA         About
                                                                                                               0
                           Capsules        transplant rejection      Review         RMB4.2 billion

                        Lansoprazole
                                          Anti-gastrointestinal    Under ANDA         About
                           Enteric                                                                             0
                                                 ulcer               Review         RMB1.6 billion
                          Capsules

                                            Postmenopausal
         Competitive                          osteoporosis;
          Generics      Calcitriol Soft   chronic renal failure;   Under ANDA         About
                                                                                                               2
                         Capsules         hypoparathyroidism;        Review         RMB2.1 billion
                                           vitamin-D resistant
                                                 rickets

                       Mycophenolate
                          Sodium          Immune rejection in      Under ANDA         About
                                                                                                               1
                       Enteric-coated       renal transplant         Review         RMB0.6 billion
                          Tablets

                        Oxcarbazepine                              Under ANDA         About
                                                Epilepsy                                                       0
                           Tablets                                   Review         RMB0.6 billion
                        Tetrabenazine                              Under ANDA
                                          Huntington’s disease                      No relevant data           0
                            Tablets                                  Review

     * As at 31 December 2021
     #
         In March 2022, Paliperidone Extended-release Tablets obtained the marketing approval in China.




17   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                        (CONTINUED)




IV. Dermatology and Medical Aesthetic Business
Basing on years of resource accumulation in the dermatology field, including the dermatologists, channel networks and
promotional teams, the Group split the dermatology specialty business and successfully incubated the independent
dermatology and medical aesthetic operation business, the “CMS Aesthetics”. With multiple mergers and acquisitions
of professional medical aesthetic companies and multi-dimensional introduction of dermatology and medical aesthetic
products, “CMS Aesthetics” has established an operation system consisting of the dermatology prescription medicine
business unit and the medical aesthetic business unit, and has become a professional dermatology and medical
aesthetic company with a focus on dermatology prescription medicine, light medical aesthetic products, energy-
based medical aesthetic devices and dermatology grade skincare products, to meet the increasingly diversified and
personalized beauty demands of Chinese consumers.

During the Reporting Period, the business infrastructure of “CMS Aesthetics” was well established, and its product
matrix and channel coverage were rapidly expanded. A core management team has been constructed through internal
promotions and recruitment of high-level professionals, and the staff size has reached around 600 people, while an
efficient and flexible incentive scheme has been set up, to accelerate its vision of becoming “the largest and most
professional company in dermatology and medical aesthetic health management in China”.


1. Acquiring Luqa, a Dermatology and Medical Aesthetic Specialty Company, to Enrich the
Dermatological Portfolio and Enter the Medical Aesthetic Field
In February 2021, the Group acquired all the shares of Luqa Ventures Co., Limited (“Luqa”), a dermatology and
medical aesthetic specialty company, to enrich the dermatological portfolio and enter the medical aesthetic field. Luqa
has a diversified product portfolio including prescription medical aesthetic products, medical aesthetic products and
dermatology grade skincare products that can provide clients/consumers with safe and effective solutions for skin
problems. After the acquisition, the Group rapidly integrated businesses and teams of both parties, which has laid the
foundation for the rapid development of the dermatology and medical aesthetic business.


2. Acquiring Carnation, a R&D and Manufacturing Platform of Medical Aesthetic Devices
with Focused Ultrasound Technology
In May 2021, the Group entered into an equity transfer agreement and a capital increase agreement with Shanghai
A&S Science Technology Development Co., Ltd. and Shanghai Carnation Medical Technology Co., Ltd. (“Carnation”).
As at 31 December 2021, the Group held approximately 64.81% of the equity interests of Carnation. Carnation’s
focused ultrasound technology is one of the innovative non-invasive body shaping technologies and has the
advantages of being penetrable, focusing, non-invasive, non-destructive channels, and acting on targets at different
depths, etc. Based on this technology, Carnation independently developed products including the FUBA5200
Focused Ultrasound Body Contouring System. In addition to body shaping, this technology could also be applied to
the development of products in facial shaping, facial wrinkle removal, skin tightening, freckles removal, scar removal,
transdermal absorption and other fields. As the Group’s R&D platform for energy-based medical aesthetic devices,
Carnation will continue to provide cutting-edge medical aesthetic devices using focused ultrasound technology for the
Group.




                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         18
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2021
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     FUBA5200 Focused Ultrasound Body Contouring System - a non-invasive body shaping and fat reduction
     device using focused ultrasound technology with independent intellectual property rights
     During the Reporting Period, the Group initiated the pivotal clinical trial related work of FUBA5200 Focused Ultrasound
     Body Contouring System in China. Developed for non-invasive ultrasonic fat reduction, the product focuses ultrasound
     energy on the subcutaneous fat layer, uses the mechanical and cavitation effects of ultrasound to crush the target fat
     cells and then dissolve them, thereby eliminating excess fat on the body surface. After multiple iterations, the product
     has been improved in aspects of transducers, power sources and others, which can improve the treatment effect and
     reduce the entire treatment time and cycle. It is expected to provide consumers with a safe, effective and convenient
     choice for non-invasive body shaping and fat reduction.


     3. Acquiring Xuli Medical, a Medical Aesthetic Specialty Company, to Expand the Light
     Medical Aesthetic Products, Teams and Related Channels, Improving the Comprehensive
     Competitiveness
     In December 2021, the Group acquired all the shares of Shanghai Xuli Medical Devices Company Limited (“Xuli
     Medical”), which focuses on medical aesthetic products and is well established in the middle and upper stream of the
     medical aesthetic industry. Xuli Medical is the sole distributor of MONALISA Lidocaine Filler (Vmonalisa), a South Korea
     imported modified sodium hyaluronate filler for injection, in Mainland China. The acquisition further expanded the
     Group’s medical aesthetic product matrix, and brought it a professional medical aesthetic team with rich experience in
     medical aesthetic marketing and sales and excelling at innovation of marketing concept, as well as extensive medical
     aesthetic channel resources covering Mainland China, which has effectively improved the overall competitiveness of
     the Group in the medical aesthetic field.

     Vmonalisa – a painless, fashionable, and accessible luxury HA filler (containing Lidocaine) from South
     Korea, featured with high safety, natural effect and good cost-effectiveness (approved for marketing in
     Europe, South Korea and other regions)
     Vmonalisa, a “painless” medium-to-macro-particle hyaluronic acid (HA) injection filling product containing Lidocaine, is
     the fourth imported South Korean HA filler approved as a Class III medical device in China and the only South Korean
     HA filler used in Seoul National University Hospital. Adopting Hy-BRID crosslinking technology which can minimize the
     crosslinking agent residue, the product has the advantages of high safety, good viscoelasticity and natural effect, and
     its duration period can reach 6 to 12 months (it may differ among individual consumers), providing a cost-effective and
     accessible luxury South Korean HA product for Chinese beauty-loving people.


     4. Reaching an Exclusive Collaboration Agreement with OVMEDI for the Embedding Thread
     Product to Meet the Diversified Needs of Chinese Beauty-loving People
     In December 2021, the Group signed a collaboration agreement with OVMEDI Co., LTD. (“OVMEDI”), a medical
     aesthetic specialty company of South Korea, for Omega VL polydioxanone (PDO) embedding thread (the “Thread
     Carving Product”), and gained the exclusive rights to market, sell, distribute and commercialize the product in
     Mainland China, Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan. The agreement is valid for thirteen years, and upon the expiration,
     it may be automatically renewed every year as per certain conditions agreed. The collaboration has filled the blank
     of embedding thread product of the Group and made its medical aesthetic product matrix more diverse and multi-
     dimensional.




19   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                          (CONTINUED)




Omega VL Thread Carving Product – one of the top three brands in South Korea with complete
specifications and excellent workmanship (approved for marketing in the U.S. and South Korea)
Omega VL Thread Carving Product is made of PDO, which has high biocompatibility and is 100% degradable, and is
used for facial and body thread embedding with the effects of lifting and firming. Produced by internationally renowned
manufacturers, the raw materials of the product are featured with high quality. The product has been approved
for marketing overseas for many years with certain awareness and good reputation. The product has excellent
workmanship and complete specifications including smooth line, serrated line (small V line), anchorage line (large V
line) and special specifications. It could synergize with the Group’s other dermatology and medical aesthetic products
to meet the diversified needs of Chinese beauty-loving people.


V. Ophthalmology Business
The Group has been deeply engaged in the ophthalmology business for years and has developed a professional
ophthalmology product portfolio, including the marketed product -- Augentropfen Stulln Mono Eye Drops (used for
senile macular degeneration and all forms of asthenopia), and the innovative pipeline products -- Cyclosporine Eye
Drops 0.09% (developed for increasing tear secretion in patients with keratoconjunctivitis sicca (dry eye)), Latanoprost
Eye Drops (developed for reduction of elevated intraocular pressure in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular
hypertension), SDN-037 (developed for eye pain and inflammation after cataract surgery), PDP-716 (developed
for reduction of elevated intraocular pressure in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension). The
Group has also accumulated extensive ophthalmologic experts, ophthalmologist and network resources (including
hospitals and medical institutions, retail pharmacies, e-commerce channels, etc.). In order to make effective use of its
advantageous resources and further improve the operation efficiency in the ophthalmology field, the Group promoted
the independent operation of ophthalmology line.


VI. Healthcare Business
The “consumption upgrade” and “pandemic era” have had a profound impact on people’s lifestyles and consumption
behaviors. Under the new consumption normal, factors such as health, safety, convenience and brand reputation are
playing a more critical role than ever before. With an insight into the new trend in the consumer market, the Group
leveraged its extensive channel resources overseas, mature product evaluation system and efficient global supply
chain system, to stringently select functional and quality healthcare products with unique ingredients globally according
to medical concept and high standards, guarding the health of Chinese consumers through cross-border e-commerce
business. As at 31 December 2021, the Group has collaborated with 17 well-known European and American brands
on more than a hundred products, 112 of which have been launched in “CMS Health Overseas Flagship Store” or “CMS
Overseas Flagship Store” on the three mainstream cross-border e-commerce platforms, JD Worldwide, Youzan Mall
and Tmall International. The products sold have covered nine major categories including weight management, kid’s
nutrition, hair care & loss prevention, sexual health, home care, relaxation & sleep, beauty & personal care, fertility &
pregnancy, and nutritional supplement.

During the Reporting Period, while continuously expanding the quality healthcare product matrix, the Group actively
explored feasible business models, capitalized on new media in brand building, to build “trending products” that meet
consumers’ demands, making effort to become “the most professional healthcare brands operation company in
China”.




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          20
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2021
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     VII. Commercialization System
     As China’s healthcare system reform has further catalyzed the refinement of the industrial value chain, and a
     large number of innovative medicines have gradually entered the commercialization cycle, the long-term value of
     professional, compliant commercialization platforms with scales becomes increasingly prominent for enterprise to
     maintain its competitive advantages and sustainable profits. With years of experience in market access, branding,
     academic promotion, retail management, new media marketing, government affairs, distributor cooperation, etc.,
     the Group has established a professional, mature, compliant, and omni-channel commercialization system, and
     successfully created decent brand images and leading market positions for the Group’s products in China, which laid
     a solid “monetization” foundation for the innovative products to be launched.

     The Group adheres to the compliance-first principle in its commercialization system, and has constantly improved
     its compliance management throughout employees’ behavior management, training and performance assessment.
     During the Reporting Period, while further refining the academic promotion based on products’ core academic
     advantages, the Group proactively organized and participated in various levels of online and offline academic
     conferences, made efforts to build a multi-level expert network, and continued to increase hospital channels coverage
     and efficiency enhancement. Besides, leveraging diversified new media promotions as well as offline events, the
     Group expanded brand influences, and increased traffic and penetration in the chain-pharmacies-based retail market.
     Meanwhile, the Group utilized its constantly optimized digital tools to facilitate business control, and comprehensively
     enhanced the marketing effectiveness under a refined and compliant management framework, which continuously
     enhanced confidence in its sales capabilities and business models.

     Since the independent operation of the dermatology and medical aesthetic business in early 2021, the Group has
     organically integrated internal and external advanced resources, to accelerate the establishment of a commercialization
     system for the dermatology and medical aesthetic business that can achieve resource sharing and complementary.
     The Group has extensive dermatology expert networks and academic platform resources, and excels at tailoring
     brand strategy and interpreting academic efficacy from a professional perspective. Its advantages of the stringent and
     compliant promotion and management models have been highlighted under the trend of standardization in the medical
     aesthetic industry. In addition, the Group has quickly consolidated its marketing teams and channel resources in the
     medical aesthetic field via a series of acquisitions; fully capitalized on new media promotions, training and education
     of doctors, to focus on creating innovative marketing concept for medical aesthetic products; and deeply participated
     in the multi-channel customers management, to strengthen products’ brand communication and influence, thereby
     reinforcing the foundation for accelerating growth of products.

     As at 31 December 2021, the Group had about 4,000 professional marketing and promotion related personnel
     (including the medical aesthetic marketing and promotion team); its commercialization network covered about 50,000
     hospitals and medical institutions, and more than 200 thousand drugstores.




21   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                              MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                          (CONTINUED)




VIII. Marketed Products
The Group’s major marketed products have covered the cardio-cerebrovascular, digestion, ophthalmology and
dermatology fields. The information summary of major products is as follows:


  Product Line           Product                 Indication/Function                     Product Advantage

                                                                                   Calcium Channel Blocker (CCB)
                           Plendil                                                 medicine suitable for Chinese
                                             Hypertension and stable
                   (Felodipine Sustained                                           patients, providing cardio-
                                             angina pectoris
                      Release Tablets)                                             cerebrovascular protection and
                                                                                   high vascular selectivity
     Cardio-             XinHuoSu                                                  The only Recombinant Human
 cerebrovascular   (Recombinant Human        Acute decompensated heart             Brain Natriuretic Peptide (rhBNP)
      Line            Brain Natriuretic      failure                               medicine available in Chinese
                    Peptide for Injection)                                         market as at 31 December 2021

                           Deanxit           Mild-to-moderate depression,          Ranking the first in the market
                      (Flupentixol and       anxiety and psychosomatic             share of antidepressant medicines
                     Melitracen Tablets)     affections                            in China according to 2021 IQVIA data

                                             Cholesterol gallstones in the         Stably ranking the first in sales
                          Ursofalk
                                             gallbladder, cholestatic liver        among products in Chinese
                   (Ursodeoxycholic Acid
                                             disease and biliary reflux            cholagogue market according to
                         Capsules)
                                             gastritis                             2021 IQVIA data

                                             Ulcerative colitis, including
                                             the treatment of acute
                                                                                   Ranking the first in the market
                                             exacerbations and the
                                                                                   share of aminosalicylic acid, a
                          Salofalk           maintenance treatment to
                                                                                   first-line treatment for inflammatory
                        (Mesalazine)         prevent recurrence, as well
                                                                                   bowel disease, in China according
                                             as the treatment of acute
                                                                                   to 2021 IQVIA data
                                             exacerbations of Crohn’s
  Digestion Line                             disease

                                                                                   Probiotics preparations with
                                             Diarrhea in adults and children,
                          Bioflor                                                  abundant medical evidence and
                                             as well as diarrhea symptoms
                      (Saccharomyces                                               high-level recommendations
                                             induced by intestinal flora
                     Boulardii Sachets)                                            from authoritative domestic and
                                             disturbance
                                                                                   overseas guidelines

                                                                                   Effective in both stomach and
                        Combizym
                                                                                   intestines, the recommended
                     (Oryz-aspergillus       Dyspepsia caused by a
                                                                                   digestive enzyme preparation
                       Enzyme and            decrease in digestive enzymes
                                                                                   for the replacement therapy of
                    Pancreatin Tablets)
                                                                                   pancreatic exocrine insufficiency

                                                                                   The representative medicine for
                    Augentropfen Stulln
                                                                                   the treatment of asthenopia and
                      Mono Eye Drops
 Ophthalmology                               Senile macular degeneration           the only eye drops in Chinese
                         (Esculin and
     Line                                    and all forms of asthenopia           market for the treatment of
                   Digitalisglycosides Eye
                                                                                   macular degeneration as at 31
                            Drops)
                                                                                   December 2021


                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        22
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2021
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




                                                   Blunt traumata with and
                               Hirudoid
                                                   without hematomas, and              Repair agent for skin barrier with
                         (Mucopolysaccharide
                                                   superficial phlebitis that cannot   multiple functions
                          Polysulfate Cream)
                                                   be treated by compression
       Dermatology
                                                   Different specifications for
          Line
                                                   sclerotherapy of different          The international brand for the
                             Aethoxysklerol        varicose veins, including           treatment of sclerotherapy of
                         (Polidocanol Injection)   spider veins, central veins of      varicose veins with years of
                                                   spider veins, and medium to         clinical application
                                                   large varicose veins

                                                                                       Painless, fashionable and
                              Vmonalisa            Used for mid to deep dermal         accessible luxury medium-to-
                           (Modified sodium        implantation for the correction     macro-particle HA filler (containing
                          hyaluronate filler for   of moderate to severe               Lidocaine) from South Korea,
                               injection)          nasolabial folds                    featured with high safety, natural
                                                                                       effect and good cost-effectiveness

                                                   Approved in China for
                                                   prevention and treatment of
                              Stratamark*                                              Applied once daily, clinically
                                                   hypertrophic scars; approved
                          (Self-drying Silicone                                        proven topical silicone gel with
                                                   in the U.S., Switzerland,
                          Scar Therapy Gels)                                           efficacy and safety to prevent and
                                                   Australia, etc. for prevention
                                                                                       treat stretch mark
                                                   and treatment of striae
                                                   distensae (stretch marks)
          Medical
         Aesthetic                                                                     An effective silicone gel indicated
         Product               Strataderm
                                                   Prevention and improvement          for prevention of hyperplasia and
                          (Self-drying Silicone
                                                   of hypertrophic scars               improvement of new and old
                          Scar Therapy Gels)
                                                                                       scars for a wide population

                         Mesoestetic-Mesohyal                                          Matching therapies to provide
                                                   Skin firming, moisturizing,
                                  Series                                               customized medical aesthetic
                                                   elasticity increasing, etc.
                         (including 5 products)                                        solutions


                                                                                       Crossing with polyethylene glycol
                           Neauvia Hyaluronic                                          based on a unique cross linker
                                                   Superficial and deep skin
                               Acid Series                                             technology SMART, the product
                                                   filling, long-term moisturizing
                         (including 4 products)                                        has excellent rheology, high
                                                                                       biocompatibility and good integrity

                                                                                       A combination of washing
       Dermatology
                            Atopic Piel Series     Skin nourishing, moisturizing       and moisturizing to repair the
      Grade Skincare
                         (including 5 products)    and dryness reliving                damaged skin barrier, relieve
         Product
                                                                                       itching of sensitive skin


     *In July 2021, Stratamark (the Australia-approved version) has been sold on the Group’s cross-border e-commerce
      platform.




23   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                           (CONTINUED)




During the Reporting Period, revenues by product lines were as follows:

•      The products under cardio-cerebrovascular line recorded a revenue of RMB3,758.1 million, an increase of
       19.3% compared with the same period last year. In the case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group,
       the revenue of products under cardio-cerebrovascular line would increase by 25.1% to RMB4,854.3 million
       compared with the same period last year, accounting for 52.6% of the Group’s revenue in the case that all
       medicines were directly sold by the Group.

•      The revenue of products under digestion line increased by 24.7% to RMB3,228.7 million compared with the
       same period last year, accounting for 35.0% of the Group’s revenue in the case that all medicines were directly
       sold by the Group.

•      The revenue of the product under ophthalmology line increased by 28.7% to RMB385.8 million, compared
       with the same period last year, accounting for 4.2% of the Group’s revenue in the case that all medicines were
       directly sold by the Group.

•      The revenue of the product under dermatology line increased by 42.5% to RMB312.8 million, compared with
       the same period last year, accounting for 3.4% of the Group’s revenue in the case that all medicines were
       directly sold by the Group.

•      Other products recorded revenue of RMB651.8 million, a decrease of 5.1% compared with the same period
       last year. In case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group, the revenue would increase by 9.9% to
       RMB448.5 million compared with the same period last year, accounting for 4.9% of the Group’s revenue in the
       case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group.


Impacts of Significant Industrial Policies
In 2021, the National Volume Based Procurement (“National VBP”) remained the most influential policy for
pharmaceutical companies. As at 31 December 2021, none of the chemical names of major products sold by the
Group was included in the National VBP catalog, thus the policy has not negatively affected the operation and
profitability of the Group during the Reporting Period. In January 2022, one of the Group’s marketed products, Deanxit
(Flupentixol and Melitracen Tablets), was included in the seventh National VBP catalog. Manufactured by H. Lundbeck
A/S of Denmark for the treatment of mild-to-moderate depression, anxiety and psychosomatic affections, Deanxit is an
oral, original medicine for chronic disease with relatively high patients’ stickiness. Benefiting from its competitiveness
including the relatively strong brand image, high market recognition and high retail sales contribution, the inclusion
of the product in the seventh batch of the National VBP is not expected to produce material negative impact on
the Group’s future operation and profitability. The Group will continue to pay close attention to the policy trend of
the National VBP and the competitive landscape in the market, enhance the products’ brand building and retail
coverage, continuously expand its innovative pipeline, and accelerate the clinical development and commercialization
of innovative medicines in China. Meanwhile, the Group will promote its diversified development, and accelerate
the incubation and development of new businesses, such as the dermatology and medical aesthetic business,
ophthalmology business and healthcare business that are immune to the National VBP, so as to hedge against the
potential impact of the Group’s marketed products that may be included into the National VBP in the future, and
further ensure the sustainable business growth of the Group.




                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          24
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2021
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     Future Development
     With the deepening healthcare system reform and the industrial structure adjustment in pharmaceutical innovation,
     Chinese biopharmaceutical industry is ushering in an era of quality development. Meanwhile, with continuous
     improvement in social economy, a new consumption normal toward health and beauty has rapidly emerged. The
     Group’s businesses, including pharmaceutical business, dermatology and medical aesthetic business, ophthalmology
     business, and healthcare business, are moving forward firmly with clear development strategies to meet the challenges
     and opportunities.

     The Group is committed to safeguarding the health of Chinese citizens with innovative medicines that are reliable,
     accessible and affordable. While maintaining stable cash contribution from marketed products, the Group will fully
     utilize its management and control capabilities in key stages of the entire life-cycle of pharmaceutical products, and
     continuously pay close attention to cutting-edge biotech platforms in its advantageous therapeutic fields, novel targets
     and innovative solutions of popular targets, with an open mind, to promote multi-dimensional innovation collaborations
     globally to invest and deploy differentiated innovative products extensively. At the same time, the Group will constantly
     optimize its commercialization system under the strong compliance management, and actively expand its multi-
     dimensional networks and expert resources. Capitalizing on its mature and professional teams covering each key
     stage of the entire product life-cycle, the Group will consistently upgrade its open incubation platform of innovation
     that effectively connects pharmaceutical innovation and commercialization to accelerate the clinical development and
     commercialization of innovative medicines in China

     For its dermatology and medical aesthetic business featured with relatively strong consumption attributes, the Group
     will continuously enrich its product portfolio to build a three-dimensional product matrix including comprehensive
     dermatology medicines, light medical aesthetic products, energy-based medical aesthetic devices and dermatology
     grade skincare products. At the same time, by fully leveraging its existing professional dermatology networks, as
     well as the mature medical aesthetic teams and sales channel resources, the Group will focus on product brand
     building, and strive to make “CMS Aesthetics” the largest and most professional company in dermatology and medical
     aesthetic health management in China.

     For its ophthalmology business, while expanding the business scale with the independent operation of the specialty
     line, the Group will continue to strengthen its commercialization capabilities for its ophthalmic medicine and device
     portfolio, and enrich the urgently needed clinical solutions in the ophthalmology specialty field, so as to build “the
     leading ophthalmology pharmaceutical and device company in China”.

     For its healthcare business, the Group will concentrate on creation of trending products on e-commerce platforms,
     and enhance the brand and reputation building via the multimedia promotion that can precisely reach consumers in
     multiple scenarios, aiming to become “the most professional healthcare brands operation company in China”.

     Step by step, CMS is entering its 30th anniversary since its foundation. A new journey is about to begin. The Group
     will always adhere to its patient-centered principle, live up to its founding mission with boundless endeavors and
     social responsibilities, and comprehensively improve its core competencies in innovation investment and incubation,
     product development, commercialization, etc., to cope with the evolving industrial ecology with its quality innovation
     development, and develop win-win and open collaborations with its stakeholders.




25   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                         (CONTINUED)




Financial Review
In reading the following discussion and analysis, please also refer to the audited consolidated financial statements and
notes to the financial statements in the Annual Report.

The Group prepared the consolidated financial statements in accordance with the International Financial Reporting
Standards. The Group’s financial performance is summarized as follows:


Turnover
Turnover increased by 20.0% from RMB6,946.0 million for the year ended 31 December 2020 to RMB8,337.2 million
for the year ended 31 December 2021. In the case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group, turnover
increased by 24.8% to RMB9,230.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2021 from RMB7,395.2 million for the
year ended 31 December 2020, mainly due to an increase in sales volume.


Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin
Gross profit increased by 21.7% from RMB5,134.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2020 to RMB6,246.9
million for the year ended 31 December 2021; in the case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group, gross
profit increased by 24.7% to RMB6,039.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2021 from RMB4,842.7 million
for the year ended 31 December 2020, primarily reflecting an increase in turnover. Gross profit margin increased by
1.0 percentage point to 74.9% for the year ended 31 December 2021 from 73.9% for the year ended 31 December
2020; in the case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group, gross profit margin decreased by 0.1 percentage
point to 65.4% for the year ended 31 December 2021 from 65.5% for the year ended 31 December 2020, primarily
reflecting a change in sales weight of products.


Selling Expenses
Selling expenses increased by 23.7% from RMB2,053.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2020 to RMB2,540.1
million for the year ended 31 December 2021; selling expenses as a percentage of turnover increased by 0.9
percentage point to 30.5% for the year ended 31 December 2021 from 29.6% for the year ended 31 December 2020.
In the case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group, selling expenses as a percentage of turnover increased
by 1.5 percentage points to 25.3% for the year ended 31 December 2021 from 23.8% for the year ended 31
December 2020, mainly due to relatively more resources injected to new business for its development, and relatively
less academic promotion activities through offline mode for last year caused by the epidemic disease.


Administrative Expenses
Administrative expenses increased by 75.6% from RMB251.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2020 to
RMB441.0 million for the year ended 31 December 2021; administrative expenses as a percentage of turnover
increased by 1.7 percentage points to 5.3% for the year ended 31 December 2021 from 3.6% for the year ended
31 December 2020. In the case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group, administrative expenses as a
percentage of turnover increased by 1.4 percentage points to 4.8% for the year ended 31 December 2021 from
3.4% for the year ended 31 December 2020, primarily reflecting an increase in maintenance expenses required by the
development of new business.




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         26
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2021
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     Research and Development Expenditures
     The Group’s research and development expenditures included investments for the continuous expansion of innovative
     product pipelines, expenditures on development, registration and clinical trial of new products, salaries and related
     expenses of staff who were engaged in the aforesaid affairs. Research and development expenditures included the
     expensed research and development expenditures (i.e. research and development expenses) and capital payments
     (including payments for acquisition of equity investments in research and development companies and payment for
     acquisition and development of product rights).

     Total research and development expenditures increased by 40.2% from RMB527.3 million for the year ended 31
     December 2020 to RMB739.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2021. Total research and development
     expenditures as a percentage of turnover for the year ended 31 December 2021 was 8.9%, representing an increase
     of 1.3 percentage points from 7.6% for the year ended 31 December 2020. In the case that all medicines were
     directly sold by the Group, total research and development expenditures as a percentage of turnover increased by 0.9
     percentage point to 8.0% for the year ended 31 December 2021 from 7.1% for the year ended 31 December 2020,
     primarily reflecting an increase in investment in innovative product pipelines and an increase in development activities
     on clinical trial.

     Research and development expenses increased by 72.5% from RMB66.5 million for the year ended 31 December
     2020 to RMB114.8 million for the year ended 31 December 2021. Research and development expenses as a
     percentage of turnover for the year ended 31 December 2021 was 1.4%, representing an increase of 0.4 percentage
     point from 1.0% for the year ended 31 December 2020. In the case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group,
     research and development expenses as a percentage of turnover increased by 0.3 percentage point to 1.2% for the
     year ended 31 December 2021 from 0.9% for the year ended 31 December 2020.

     Capital payments (set out in the table below) increased by 35.5% from RMB460.8 million for the year ended 31
     December 2020 to RMB624.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2021. Such capital payments as a percentage
     of turnover for the year ended 31 December 2021 was 7.5%, representing an increase of 0.9 percentage point from
     6.6% for the year ended 31 December 2020. In the case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group, such
     capital payments as a percentage of turnover increased by 0.6 percentage point to 6.8% for the year ended 31
     December 2021 from 6.2% for the year ended 31 December 2020.


                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December
                                                                                                 2021                 2020
                                                                                            RMB’000               RMB’000


     Payment for acquisition of equity investments
      in research and development companies                                                   463,028              156,923
     Payment for acquisition and development of product rights                                161,494              303,863
                                                                                              624,522              460,786




27   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                       (CONTINUED)




Other Income
Other income increased by 36.1% from RMB108.0 million for the year ended 31 December 2020 to RMB146.9 million
for the year ended 31 December 2021, mainly due to increases in interest income and government subsidies.


Other Gains and Losses
Other gains and losses increased by 161.5% from a loss of RMB181.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2020
to a gain of RMB111.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2021, mainly due to an increase in fair value gain on
equity investments for the Reporting Period and more impairment losses on goodwill and intangible assets for last
year.


Share of Result of Associates
Share of result of associates decreased by 51.0% from RMB153.8 million for the year ended 31 December 2020
to RMB75.4 million for year ended 31 December 2021, mainly reflecting a decrease in profit of the associate Tibet
Pharmaceutical resulting from an impairment provision for its intangible assets.


Finance Costs
Finance costs increased by 2.7% from RMB27.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2020 to RMB28.3 million for
the year ended 31 December 2021, mainly due to an increase in interest-bearing liabilities.


Income Tax Expense
Income tax expense increased by 65.6% from RMB260.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2020 to RMB431.3
million for the year ended 31 December 2021, mainly reflecting an increase in profit of the Group and an impact of the
reversal of income tax overprovision for last year.


Profit for the Year
Profit for the year increased by 18.4% from RMB2,555.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2020 to RMB3,025.3
million for the year ended 31 December 2021, mainly due to the continuous growth in turnover.


Inventories
Inventories increased by 24.0% from RMB381.2 million as at 31 December 2020 to RMB472.6 million as at 31
December 2021. Average inventory turnover days decreased from 79 days for the year ended 31 December 2020 to
75 days for the year ended 31 December 2021, mainly reflecting the volatility of the Group’s inventories level.




                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        28
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2021
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     Trade Receivables
     Trade receivables increased by 33.2% from RMB1,047.9 million as at 31 December 2020 to RMB1,395.8 million as at
     31 December 2021, primarily reflecting an increase in the Group’s turnover. Average trade receivables turnover days
     increased to 65 days for the year ended 31 December 2021 from 64 days for the year ended 31 December 2020,
     mainly due to the effect of acquisition of a subsidiary.


     Trade Payables
     Trade payables increased by 8.2% from RMB134.8 million as at 31 December 2020 to RMB145.9 million as at 31
     December 2021. Average trade payables turnover days increased to 25 days for the year ended 31 December
     2021 from 18 days for the year ended 31 December 2020, mainly reflecting the difference in time points of inventory
     purchases.


     Liquidity and Financial Resources
     As at 31 December 2021, the Group’s bank balances and cash amounted to RMB3,385.7 million while readily
     realizable bank acceptance bills amounted to RMB453.4 million. As at 31 December 2020, the bank balances and
     cash amounted to RMB2,668.4 million while readily realizable bank acceptance bills amounted to RMB446.0 million.

     As at 31 December 2021, the cash and cash equivalents of the Group were mainly denominated in RMB, with small
     amount denominated in United States Dollar (“US$”), Euro (“EUR”), Great Britain Pound (“GBP”), Swiss Franc (“CHF”)
     and Hong Kong Dollars (“HK$”).


     The following table is a summary of our consolidated statements of cash flows:

                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December
                                                                                               2021               2020
                                                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000
      Net cash from operating activities                                                  2,493,852          2,692,027
      Net cash used in investing activities                                              (1,519,525)          (353,821)
      Net cash used in financing activities                                                (258,392)         (1,034,556)
      Net increase in cash and cash equivalent                                             715,935           1,303,650


      Cash and cash equivalent at beginning of the year                                   2,668,426          1,365,008
      Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                                 1,378               (232)
      Cash and cash equivalent at end of the year                                         3,385,739          2,668,426


     Net cash from operating activities
     For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group’s net cash generated from operating activities was RMB2,493.9
     million compared with RMB2,692.0 million for the year ended 31 December 2020, a decrease of 7.4% mainly due to
     an increase in working capital occupied.




29   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                        (CONTINUED)




Net cash used in investing activities
For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group’s net cash used in investing activities was RMB1,519.5 million
compared with RMB353.8 million for the year ended 31 December 2020, an increase of 329.5% mainly due to an
increase in investments concerned with innovative products and acquisition of subsidiaries.

Net cash used in financing activities
For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group’s net cash used in financing activities was RMB258.4 million
compared with RMB1,034.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2020, a decrease of 75.0% mainly due to an
increase in bank borrowings.

Net Current Assets


                                                                                       As at 31 December
                                                                                          2021                 2020
                                                                                      RMB’000              RMB’000
 Current Assets
  Inventories                                                                          472,598              381,215
  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                977,874                 3,884
  Trade receivables                                                                  1,395,789            1,047,948
  Other receivables and prepayments                                                    808,213              657,658
  Tax recoverable                                                                       19,469               12,082
  Derivative financial instruments                                                             -                  49
  Amount due from an associate                                                         320,036              207,271
  Bank balances and cash                                                             3,385,739            2,668,426
                                                                                     7,379,718            4,978,533
 Current Liabilities
  Trade payables                                                                       145,898              134,808
  Other payables                                                                       483,649              484,476
  Lease liabilities                                                                     16,922                 7,266
  Contract liabilities                                                                  23,715               14,406
  Bank borrowings                                                                    1,103,760                    10
  Deferred consideration payables                                                         2,000                2,929
  Tax payable                                                                          305,310              268,068
                                                                                     2,081,254              911,963


 Net current assets                                                                  5,298,464            4,066,570


The Group’s liquidity requirements will be satisfied by a combination of cash flow generated from operating activities,
long-term bank loans and other financing means, according to the corporate development strategy.


                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         30
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2021
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     Capital Expenditures
     The following table shows the Group’s capital expenditure:
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December
                                                                                              2021                 2020
                                                                                          RMB’000              RMB’000
      Deposits for acquisition of intangible assets                                        161,494              303,863
      Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                              23,347              37,558
                                                                                           184,841              341,421




     Capital Structure and Gearing Ratio
     The Company reviews the capital structure on a regular basis, and considers the cost of capital and the risks
     associated with each class of capital, for maximizing the return to shareholders of the Company.


     The following table shows the Group’s debts:

                                                                                            As at 31 December
                                                                                              2021                 2020
                                                                                          RMB’000              RMB’000
      Interest bearing bank borrowings                                                   1,677,573              587,251



     The Group had bank borrowings of RMB1,677.6 million as at 31 December 2021 (31 December 2020: RMB587.3
     million). The details of bank borrowings are set out in note 29 to the consolidated financial statements.

     As said above, along with an increase in the Group’s bank borrowings, the Group’s gearing ratio, calculated as bank
     borrowings divided by total assets, increased by 6.0 percentage points to 10.6% as at 31 December 2021 from 4.6%
     as at 31 December 2020.


     Market Risks
     We are exposed to various types of market risks, including interest rate risks, foreign exchange risks, policy risks
     and inflation risks in the normal course of business. These risks are set out in note 36 to the consolidated financial
     statements.




31   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                         (CONTINUED)




The Group is mainly exposed to currency risk of the US$, EUR, GBP, CHF and HK$. For the Group’s subsidiaries in
China, the conversion of RMB into foreign currencies is subject to the rules and regulations of foreign exchange control
promulgated by the PRC government. Any significant exchange rate fluctuations of foreign currencies against RMB
may have a financial impact on the Group. The Group closely monitors the fluctuation of exchange rates and reviews
the foreign currency risk management strategy from time to time, the management will consider hedging foreign
currency exposure as appropriate. As at 31 December 2021, the Group had entered into certain foreign currency
forward contracts to hedge foreign currency risk, for details please refer to note 32 to the consolidated financial
statements.

The Group will closely monitor movements of interest rate and foreign currencies market so as to mitigate the
expected risk on interest rate and foreign currencies.



Pledge of Assets
As at 31 December 2021, the Group had no pledge of assets.


Contingent Liabilities
As at 31 December 2021, the Group had no material contingent liabilities.


Acquisition of Subsidiaries
During the Reporting Period, in order to enrich the Group’s existing product portfolio and enter into new business
fields, the Group acquired two subsidiaries Luqa Ventures Co., Limited and Shanghai Carnation Medical Technology
Co., Ltd., details of which are disclosed in note 42 to the consolidated financial statements.


Loan Agreements with Covenants Relating to Specific Performance of the Controlling Shareholder
(i)
On 26 March 2020, Sky United Trading Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (as borrower, the
“Borrower”) and the Company (as guarantor) entered into a facility agreement (the “Facility Agreement”) with DBS
Bank (China) Limited (as lender) in respect of a US$50,000,000 term loan facility (the “Facility”) made available to the
Borrower for a term of 36 months from the first utilization date under the Facility Agreement.




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         32
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2021
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     Pursuant to the Facility Agreement, if, among other things, Mr. Lam Kong, the chairman of the board of directors
     (the “Board”), an executive director and a controlling shareholder (as defined in the Rules Governing the Listing of
     Securities on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “SEHK” or the “Stock Exchange”) (the “Listing Rules”))
     of the Company: (i) ceases to directly or indirectly own more than 30% of the total issued shares (of each class) in the
     Company; or (ii)ceases to directly or indirectly be the single largest shareholder in the issued shares (of each class) in
     the Company, the agent (acting on the instructions of the majority lenders under the Facility) may, by not less than 30
     days’ notice in advance to the Borrower, cancel all commitments under the Facility and declare that all outstanding
     loans together with accrued interest and all other amounts accrued under the Facility will become immediately due
     and payable. As at 31 December 2021, Mr. Lam Kong (directly and indirectly) held approximately 46.29% of the total
     issued ordinary share capital of the Company.

     The loan under the Facility was paid off during the Reporting Period.

     (ii)
     On 27 March 2020, Sky United Trading Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (as borrower, the
     “Borrower”) and the Company (as guarantor) entered into a facility agreement (the “Facility Agreement”) with Standard
     Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited (as lender) in respect of a US$40,000,000 term loan facility (the “Facility”) made
     available to the Borrower for a term of 36 months from the first utilization date under the Facility Agreement. On 26
     May 2021, CMS International Development and Management Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (as
     borrower, the “Borrower”) and the Company (as guarantor) entered into a facility agreement (the “Facility Agreement”)
     with DBS Bank (China) Limited (as lender) in respect of a US$50,000,000 term loan facility (the “Facility”) made
     available to the Borrower for a term of 22 months from the first utilization date under the Facility Agreement.

     Pursuant to the Facility Agreement, if, among other things, Mr. Lam Kong, the chairman of the board of directors
     (the “Board”), an executive director and a controlling shareholder (as defined in the Rules Governing the Listing of
     Securities on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “SEHK”) (the “Listing Rules”)) of the Company: (i) ceases
     to directly or indirectly own more than 30% of the total issued shares (of each class) in the Company; or (ii)ceases to
     directly or indirectly be the single largest shareholder in the issued shares (of each class) in the Company, the lender
     may, by not less than 30 days’ notice in advance to the Borrower, cancel all commitments under the Facility and
     declare that all outstanding loans together with accrued interest and all other amounts accrued under the Facility
     will become immediately due and payable. As at 31 December 2021, Mr. Lam Kong (directly and indirectly) held
     approximately 46.29% of the total issued ordinary share capital of the Company.

     Dividend
     For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group paid an interim dividend for 2021 and a final dividend for 2020 of
     RMB652.5 million and RMB502.3 million, respectively. For the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group paid an
     interim dividend for 2020 and a final dividend for 2019 of RMB520.1 million and RMB314.0 million, respectively.




33   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                         DIRECTORS AND SENIOR
                                                                 MANAGEMENT

DIRECTORS

Executive Directors
Mr. Lam Kong, aged 57, is the Chairman, Chief Executive and President of the Group and was appointed as an
executive Director on 18 December 2006. Mr. Lam is responsible for the creation, implementation and management
of the Group’s development and growth strategy. Mr. Lam has clinician experience and deep understanding and
knowledge of China’s pharmaceutical industry, possessing unique insight and extensive experience in R&D, marketing,
promotion, sales and other value-added services. He received his bachelor’s degree in clinical medicine from Zhanjiang
Medical College in 1986, which was renamed Guangdong Medical University. Mr. Lam is a member of the Nomination
Committee of the Company and the sole director of Treasure Sea Limited, the controlling shareholder of the Company.

Mr. Lam is the controlling shareholder of the Company and is interested or deemed to be interested in the Shares and
underlying Shares of the Company for the purpose of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (“SFO”), the
details of which are set out on page 42 of this Annual Report.

Mr. Chen Hongbing, aged 55, is the Chief Operating Officer and Vice-president of the Group and was appointed as
an executive Director on 18 December 2006. He joined the Group in 1995 and has remained with the Group since
then. Mr. Chen is responsible for the business operation of the Group, including marketing, promotion, supply chain
management, product manufacturing management and human resources management, etc. Mr. Chen possesses
extensive experience in business operations of pharmaceutical companies and corporate management. Mr. Chen had
acquired about 4 years’ experience as a public hospital doctor with Nanjing Gulou Hospital from 1990 to 1994. He
received his bachelor’s degree in clinical medicine from Nanjing Medical College in 1990, which was renamed Nanjing
Medical University.

Mr. Chen is the sole director of Viewell Limited (a shareholder of the Company) and is interested or deemed to be
interested in the Shares and underlying Shares of the Company for the purpose of Part XV of SFO, the details of which
are set out on page 42 of this Annual Report.

Ms. Chen Yanling (former Chinese name as 陳艷玲 ), aged 51, is the Chief Financial Officer and Vice-president of
the Group and was appointed as an executive Director on 18 December 2006. She joined the Group in 1995 and has
remained with the Group since then. Ms. Chen is responsible for the Group’s finance, accounting, investor relations,
government affairs and administration management. She holds an EMBA degree and is a senior accountant with
extensive experience in financial management, fund raising, auditing and investor relations, etc. As at the end of the
year 2021, Ms. Chen was awarded eight times the “Best CFO” by the Institutional Investor Magazine and twice the “Best
CFO” in the Selection of the Best Listed Companies in Greater China held by Gelonghui. Ms. Chen is the chairman of
the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee of the Company.

Ms. Chen is interested or deemed to be interested in the Shares and underlying Shares of the Company for the
purpose of Part XV of SFO, the details of which are set out on page 42 of this Annual Report.




                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         34
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2021
     DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
     (CONTINUED)




     Independent Non-Executive Directors
     Mr. Leung Chong Shun, aged 56, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on 13 December 2017.
     Mr. Leung became a practicing lawyer since 1991 and was the chief representative of Woo Kwan Lee & Lo Beijing
     Office. He is currently a partner of Woo Kwan Lee & Lo. Mr. Leung is familiar with corporate finance, M&A and IPO
     legal services and has been involved in various listing and acquisition transactions of Chinese H-share companies and
     red chip companies. Mr. Leung is currently a China-Appointed Attesting Officer appointed by the Ministry of Justice
     of the PRC. Mr. Leung was an independent non-executive director of China Communications Construction Company
     Limited (a company listed on the Stock Exchange with stock code: 01800) from January 2011 to November 2017 and
     China National Materials Company Limited (the listing with stock code: 01893 was withdrawn on the Stock Exchange)
     from July 2007 to April 2018. He is currently an independent non-executive director of SSY Group Limited (a company
     listed on the Stock Exchange with stock code: 02005), China Coal Energy Company Limited (a company listed on the
     Stock Exchange with stock code: 01898) and Min Xin Holdings Limited (a company listed on the Stock Exchange with
     stock code: 00222).

     Mr. Leung graduated from the University of Hong Kong in 1988 and obtained a bachelor’s degree in laws with honors.
     He is qualified as a solicitor in Hong Kong and England. Mr. Leung is the chairman of the Remuneration Committee, a
     member of the Audit Committee, a member of the Nomination Committee and a member of the Environmental, Social
     and Governance Committee of the Company.

     Ms. Luo Laura Ying (formerly known as Ying Luo), aged 56, was appointed as an independent non-executive
     Director on 31 March 2020. Ms. Luo has 26 years of investment experience. She currently works as a consultant to
     GL China Equity HK Management Limited and previously has worked for GL Capital Management Limited. Ms. Luo is
     an independent non-executive director of Central China New Life Limited (a company listed on the Stock Exchange
     with stock code: 9983). Ms. Luo was a managing director and head of Hong Kong China Equities at Barings Asset
     Management (Asia) Limited from 2013 to 2019. Her overall responsibilities included managing a team of investment
     managers and research analysts, as well as managing a range of Hong Kong and China equity strategies, including
     Barings’ flagship Hong Kong China Fund, China A-share fund and some institutional mandates. Before joining Barings
     Asset Management (Asia) Limited, Ms. Luo worked for Schroder Investment Management (HK) Limited for over
     12 years. Since 2002, Ms. Luo had been a lead manager on several Greater China equity mandates, including the
     Schroder International Selection Fund - China Opportunities, which she managed since its launch in 2006. Prior to
     Schroder Investment Management (HK) Limited, Ms. Luo had worked at SG Securities as head of China Research and
     Strategist, as well as at Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs (Asia) LLC, Hong Kong as an equity research analyst.

     Ms. Luo obtained her Bachelor of Arts in International Economics from Peking University in 1987 and Master of
     Business Administration from the University of Toronto in 1991. She is a Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) and
     Chartered Professional Accountant (CPA) (Canada) charterholder. Ms. Luo is the chairman of the Nomination
     Committee, a member of the Audit Committee and a member of the Remuneration Committee of the Company.




35   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                      DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
                                                                                                           (CONTINUED)




Mr. Fung Ching Simon, aged 53, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on 6 October 2021. Mr.
Fung has 10 years of experience in auditing, accounting and business advisory and has over 17 years of experience
in managing finance and accounting functions, mergers and acquisitions, fund raising and investor relations for
PRC companies listed in Hong Kong. Mr. Fung is currently serving as the chief financial officer of Chow Tai Fook
Enterprises Limited. Mr. Fung worked in PricewaterhouseCoopers between 1994 and 2004, and he served as the
chief financial officer and secretary to the board of directors of Baoye Group Company Limited (a company listed on
the Stock Exchange with stock code: 02355) between 2004 and 2010. Mr. Fung served as the chief financial officer
and company secretary of Greentown China Holdings Limited (a company listed on the Stock Exchange with stock
code: 03900) between 2010 and 2019. Mr. Fung worked for Logan Group Company Limited (a company listed on the
Stock Exchange with stock code: 03380) from January 2020 till March 2021 as chief financial officer. Mr. Fung worked
for China Logistics Property Holdings Co., Limited (a company listed on the Stock Exchange with stock code: 01589)
from June 2016 till February 2022 as an independent non-executive director. Mr. Fung is also an independent
non-executive director of Hainan Meilan International Airport Company Limited (a company listed on the Stock
Exchange with stock code: 00357) and a non-executive director of Baoye Group Company Limited (a company listed
on the Stock Exchange with stock code: 02355).

Mr. Fung graduated from the Queensland University of Technology in Australia with a bachelor’s degree, majoring in
accountancy. He is a fellow member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and a fellow member
of the CPA Australia. Mr. Fung is the chairman of the Audit Committee, a member of the Remuneration Committee, a
member of the Nomination Committee and a member of the Social, Environmental and Governance Committee of the
Company.


SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Dr. Peng Huaizheng, aged 60, is the Chief Business Officer of the Group. Dr. Peng was appointed as an independent
non-executive Director of the Company for the period from 4 May 2010 to 9 October 2013 and has remained with
the Group since then. Prior to joining the Group, he held the positions of partner, director or senior portfolio manager
at several multinational financial corporations in the UK and Canada, mainly engaged in investments in the global life
science field. Dr. Peng possesses over 16 years of investment experience. Dr. Peng obtained a bachelor’s degree and
a master’s degree in clinical medicine from Hunan Medical College in 1984 and 1989 respectively, and his doctoral
degree of philosophy in molecular pathology from University College London Medical School, UK in 1998. Prior to
entering into the financial investment and pharmaceutical industries, Dr. Peng was a clinical instructor of histopathology
at the University College London Medical School.

Mr. Jiang Fei, aged 45, is the Chief Investment Officer (Greater China) of the Group. Mr. Jiang joined the Group
in January 2022. Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Jiang was engaged in R&D and business expansion in domestic
pharmaceutical companies, and held the positions including executive director and managing director at several
venture capital firms and private equity funds. He possesses over 10 years of work experience in China’s
pharmaceutical industry and approximately 5 years of investment experience. Mr. Jiang obtained a bachelor’s degree
in chemical engineering from East China University of Science and Technology in 1998 and his doctoral degree of
philosophy in chemical engineering from Syracuse University, U.S. in 2006.




                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          36
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2021
     DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
     (CONTINUED)




     Mr. James Stearns, aged 42, is the Chief Investment Officer (Europe and America) of the Group. Mr. Stearns joined
     the Group in April 2021. Prior to joining the Group, he was a director of a well-known investment bank and the
     investment director of an independent private equity firm, possessing over 10 years of experience in investment and
     finance in Europe and America’s pharmaceutical industries. Mr. Stearns obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics
     and accounting from University of Bristol in 2000.

     Mr. Jiang Qingfu, aged 46, is the General Manager of Cardio-cerebrovascular/Digestion Business Division of the
     Group. Mr. Jiang joined the Group in 1999 after receiving his bachelor’s degree from college and remained with
     the Group since then. Mr. Jiang was promoted to managerial positions rapidly after training at junior positions,
     having made outstanding sales contribution during the period. He possesses over 15 years of sales and marketing
     management experience. Mr. Jiang obtained a bachelor’s degree in clinical medicine from Anhui Medical University in
     1999.

     Mr. Huang Anjun, aged 45, is the General Manager of Dermatology and Medical Aesthetic Business Division of the
     Group. Mr. Huang joined the Group in 2005 after receiving his master’s degree from college and remained with the
     Group since then. Mr. Huang has been engaged in promotion and marketing in the Group, possessing over 10 years
     of marketing, promotion and the related management experience. Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Huang had acquired
     about 3 years’ experience as a doctor at a public hospital. Mr. Huang obtained a master’s degree in pediatrics in
     traditional Chinese medicine from Shandong University of Traditional Chinese Medicine in 2005.

     Ms. Wang Linlang, aged 44, is the General Manager of Ophthalmology Business Division of the Group. Ms. Wang
     joined the Group in 2004 after receiving her master’s degree from college and remained with the Group since then.
     Ms. Wang has been engaged in marketing and promotion related work in the Group, possessing over 10 years of
     marketing, promotion and the related management experience. Ms. Wang obtained a bachelor’s degree in preventive
     medicine and a master’s degree in epidemiology and health statistics from West China Medical Center, Sichuan
     University in 2001 and 2004 respectively.

     Mr. Ma Lieyi, aged 52, is the Director of the Business Operations Department of the Group. Mr. Ma joined the Group
     in 1995 and remained with the Group since then. Mr. Ma has been engaged in sales and marketing management
     in the Group, possessing over 15 years of sales and marketing management experience. Mr. Ma graduated from
     Shenzhen University in 1990, majoring in business administration.

     Ms. Li Yufang, aged 43, is the Director of the Finance Department of the Group. Ms. Li joined the Group in 2003
     and remained with the Group since then. Ms. Li was the Director of the Compliance Department of the Group. Ms.
     Li possesses over 10 years of finance, tax and pharmaceutical companies’ compliance experience. Ms. Li obtained
     a bachelor’s degree of management in electronic data processing accounting from Jilin University of Finance and
     Economics in 2001. She is a non-practicing member of Shenzhen Institute of Certified Public Accountants.

     Company Secretary
     Ms. Wu Sanyan, aged 40, is the Company Secretary and Director of the Legal Department of the Group. Ms. Wu
     joined the Group in 2009 and remained with the Group since then. Ms. Wu is primarily responsible for overseeing the
     legal and regulatory compliance matters of the Group (including compliance with the Listing Rules), possessing over
     10 years of legal and corporate governance experience. Ms. Wu obtained a double bachelor’s degree in history and
     law in 2004, and a master’s degree in international law in 2008, both from Wuhan University. During the Reporting
     Period, Ms. Wu received professional training for no less than 15 hours to promote her skill and knowledge.



37   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                  DIRECTORS’ REPORT


The Board of the Company is pleased to present the “Directors’ Report” and audited consolidated financial statements
of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2021.


Principal Activities
The Company is a holding company, the subsidiaries’ principal activities are set out in note 43 to the consolidated
financial statements.


Results
The results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2021 are set out in the consolidated statement of profit or
loss and other comprehensive income on page 133.


Business Review
Business review of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2021 can be found in the section headed “Management
Discussion and Analysis” of this Annual Report, the discussion of which forms part of this “Directors’ Report”.


Reserves
Movements in reserves for the year ended 31 December 2021 are set out in the consolidated statement of changes in
equity on page 136 and note 34 to the consolidated financial statements.


Distributable Reserves
As at 31 December 2021, the Company had distributable reserves of RMB4,428.9 million available for distribution to
the shareholders.


Property, Plant and Equipment
Details of changes in property, plant and equipment of the Group are set out in note 15 to the consolidated financial
statements.


Share Capital
Movements in the share capital of the Company are set out in note 33 to the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        38
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2021
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     Final Dividend
     The Board is pleased to recommend a final dividend of RMB0.2269 (equivalent to HK$0.279) per Share for the year
     ended 31 December 2021 to shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company after
     market closes on Wednesday, 27 April 2022. The register of members of the Company will be closed on Thursday,
     28 April 2022. The final dividend will be paid to shareholders on about Friday, 6 May 2022 after the shareholders’
     approval at the annual general meeting scheduled for Friday, 22 April 2022 (the “AGM”).


     Dividend Policy
     The Board has adopted a dividend policy (the “Dividend Policy”). Under the Dividend Policy, the Company does not
     have any pre-determined dividend payout ratio. Although the Company intends to declare and pay dividends in the
     future, the declaration, payment and amount of any dividends are subject to the Board’s discretion having regard to
     the following factors: (a) the Group’s actual and expected financial performance; (b) the Group’s expected working
     capital requirements and future development plans; (c) the Group’s liquidity position; (d) the economic outlook; (e)
     contractual restrictions or obligations; (f) shareholders’ interests; and (g) any other factors the Board may consider
     relevant.

     Such payment of the dividend by the Company is also subject to any restrictions under any applicable laws, rules and
     regulations and the Company’s Articles of Association (the “Articles of Association”). The Company endeavors to strike
     a balance between the shareholders’ interest and prudent capital management with a sustainable dividend policy. The
     Board will continually review the Dividend Policy and reserves the right in its sole and absolute discretion to update,
     amend and/or modify the Dividend Policy at any time as the Board deems fit and necessary. There is no assurance
     that the Company will pay dividends in any particular amount for any given period.


     Pre-emptive Rights
     There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under Articles of Association or the laws of the Cayman Islands which
     oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro-rata basis to the existing shareholders.


     Purchase, Sale or Redemption of the Company’s Listed Securities
     For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Company repurchased an aggregate of 13,317,000 ordinary shares with
     a nominal value of US$0.005 each on the Stock Exchange at an aggregate consideration of HK$183,598,660. All of
     the purchased shares were cancelled before 31 December 2021. The Board believes that given the current financial
     resources of the Company, the share repurchase would not affect the Company’s solid financial position in any material
     respect, and it would lead to an enhancement of the net asset value per share and/or earnings per share, which is in
     the interest of the shareholders as a whole.




39   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                              DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                                                                                                           (CONTINUED)




Details of the repurchase are as follows:


                                                            Price per Share (HK$)                     Aggregate
      Month of           Number of Shares
                                                                                                     Consideration
     Repurchase           Repurchased*              Highest Price            Lowest Price             Paid (HK$)
     August 2021              2,190,000                  15.62                    14.60               32,748,420
   September 2021             4,435,000                  15.10                    14.04                65,378,180
   November 2021              6,692,000                  13.18                    12.48                85,472,060
         Total                13,317,000                    -                       -                 183,598,660


Save as disclosed above, none of the Company or any of its subsidiaries has purchased, sold or redeemed any of the
listed securities of the Company during the Reporting Period.


Directors
The Directors of the Company during the year and up to the date of this Annual Report were:


Executive Directors:
Mr. LAM Kong (Chairman and Chief Executive, President)
Mr. CHEN Hongbing (Chief Operating Officer, Vice President)
Ms. CHEN Yanling (Chief Financial Officer, Vice President)


Independent Non-Executive Directors:
Mr. WU Chi Keung (resigned on 6 October 2021)
Mr. LEUNG Chong Shun
Ms. LUO Laura Ying
Mr. FUNG Ching Simon (appointed on 6 October 2021)

Pursuant to Article 16.2 of the Articles of Association, the Board shall have power from time to time and at any time
to appoint any person as a Director either to fill a casual vacancy or as an addition to the Board. Any Director so
appointed shall hold office only until the next following annual general meeting of the Company and shall then be
eligible for re-election at that meeting. Mr. Fung Ching Simon was appointed by the Board on 6 October 2021 as an
independent non-executive Director. Accordingly, Mr. Fung Ching Simon shall retire from his office at the AGM and,
being eligible, will offer himself for re-election at the AGM.

Pursuant to Article 16.18 of the Articles of Association, at every annual general meeting of the Company, one-third
of the Directors for the time being (or, if their number is not three or a multiple of three, then the number nearest to,
but not less than, one-third) shall retire from office by rotation provided that every Director (including those appointed
for a specific term) shall be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years. Any Director appointed
pursuant to Article 16.2 or Article 16.3 shall not be taken into account in determining which Directors are to retire by
rotation. A retiring Director shall be eligible for re-election. Accordingly, Mr. Lam Kong and Mr. Chen Hongbing will
retire from their offices at the AGM and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-election at the AGM.




                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          40
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2021
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     At the AGM, separate ordinary resolutions will be proposed for each of the re-elections of Mr. Lam Kong, Mr. Chen
     Hongbing and Mr. Fung Ching Simon. Details of these retiring Directors will be set out in the circular expected to be
     issued by the Company on 21 March 2022.


     Annual Confirmation of Independence
     The Company has received from each independent non-executive Director an annual confirmation of his
     independence, and the Company considers such Directors to be independent in accordance with each and every
     guideline set out in rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules.


     Biographical Details of the Directors and the Senior Management
     Dr. Peng Huaizheng, Mr. Jiang Fei, Mr. James Stearns, Mr. Jiang Qingfu, Mr. Huang Anjun, Ms. Wang Linlang, Mr. Ma
     Lieyi and Ms. Li Yufang were newly defined as members of the senior management of the Company by the Board of
     Directors of the Company in March 2022. The members of the senior management of the Company now comprise
     Dr. Peng Huaizheng, Mr. Jiang Fei, Mr. James Stearns, Mr. Jiang Qingfu, Mr. Huang Anjun, Ms. Wang Linlang, Mr. Ma
     Lieyi, Ms. Li Yufang and Ms. Wu Sanyan. The biographical details of the Directors and the senior management are set
     out on pages 34 to 37 of this Annual Report.


     Directors’ Service Contracts
     Each of the Directors of the Company has respectively entered into an appointment letter with the Company, and all
     the executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors were appointed for a three-year and one-year term,
     respectively. Their appointments are subject to retirement from office by rotation and re-election in accordance with the
     relevant terms of the Articles of Association. Save as disclosed above, none of the Directors has entered or intended
     to enter into any service contracts which cannot be determinable by the Company or any of its subsidiaries within one
     year without payment of compensation (except for statutory compensation).


     Management Contracts
     No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of
     the Company were entered into or existed during the Reporting Period.


     Employee Benefit Scheme
     During the Reporting Period, approved by the Benefit Scheme Executive Committee of the Company, there were 2
     employees participating in the CMS Key Employee Benefit Scheme. Details of the Employee Benefit Scheme are set
     out in note 41 to the consolidated financial statements.




41   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                                                                                                                (CONTINUED)




Directors’ interests in Transactions, Arrangements or Contracts of
Significance
During the Reporting Period and as at 31 December 2021, none of the Directors had a material interest, whether
directly or indirectly, in any transaction, arrangement or contract of significance to the business of the Group to which
the Company or its holding company or any of its subsidiaries was a party.


Directors’ and Chief Executive’s Interests and Short Positions in Shares,
Underlying Shares and Debentures of the Company and Its Associated
Corporations
As at 31 December 2021, the interests or short positions of the Directors and Chief Executive in the shares, underlying
shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of SFO)
which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, or as
otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange, pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions
by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) as set out in Appendix 10 of the Listing Rules were as follows:


                                                                                       Class of Shares        Approximate
     Name of                Name of                                                   and Total Number       Percentage of
                                                          Nature of Interest
     Directors            Corporations                                                 of Shares Held        Interest in the
                                                                                           (Note 1)            Company

                                                                                      1,137,564,000 (L)
  Mr. Lam Kong            The Company            Interest in controlled corporation                             46.29%
                                                                                            (Note 2)

                                                           Beneficial owner             20,038,225 (L)           0.82%
     Mr. Chen
                          The Company
     Hongbing                                                                           50,225,000 (L)
                                                 Interest in controlled corporation                              2.04%
                                                                                           (Note 3)

     Ms. Chen
                          The Company                      Beneficial owner              7,246,250(L)            0.29%
      Yanling


Notes:
1. The letter “L” denotes long positions in the Shares.
2. These Shares are held by Mr. Lam Kong through Treasure Sea Limited, a company wholly owned by him.
3. These Shares are held by Mr. Chen Hongbing through Viewell Limited, a company wholly owned by him.




                                                                                      CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED    42
                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2021
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     Directors’ Right to Acquire Shares or Debentures
     At no time during the Reporting Period were rights to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in or
     debentures of the Company granted to any Director or their respective spouses or minor children, or were any such
     rights exercised by them; nor was the Company or any of its subsidiaries a party to any arrangements to enable the
     Directors, their respective spouses or minor children to acquire such rights in any other body corporate.


     Substantial Shareholders’ Interests and Short Positions in Shares,
     Underlying Shares and Debentures of the Company and Its Associated
     Corporations
     Saved as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2021, the Directors were not aware of any other person (other than the
     Directors or the Chief Executive of the Company) who held interests and short positions in the shares or underlying
     shares or debentures of the Company which would have to be disclosed to the Company and the Stock Exchange
     pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or were recorded in the register required to be kept by the
     Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.


     Connected Transactions
     During the Reporting Period, there were no connected transactions or continuing connected transactions of
     the Company which are subject to any of the reporting, announcement or independent shareholders’ approval
     requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

     Details of the related party transactions of the Group during the Reporting Period are set out in note 39 and 41 to
     the consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report. These related party transactions either fall outside the
     definitions of “connected transaction” or “continuing connected transaction” in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules or
     are “connected transactions” fully exempt from the reporting, announcement and independent shareholders’ approval
     requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


     Employees
     As at 31 December 2021, the Group had 5,292 employees. To meet the need of talents development of the
     Group, The Group has actively carried forward organizational and relevant human resources reforms, assessed the
     performance of the employees regularly, speeded up the cultivation and recruitment of talents and adopted various
     measures to improve employees’ work efficiency. The Group provides employees with competitive compensation
     packages including salaries, bonuses, insurance and benefits. Salaries and bonuses are based on employees’
     performance and are measured against specific objective criteria. Additionally, the Group is committed to providing
     equal opportunities to all employees in all respects and has made efforts in employees’ continuing education and
     training programs, such as orientation programmes for new employees, regulation-related trainings and position skills
     trainings, to continuously enhance their knowledge, skills and team spirit.




43   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                            DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                                                                                                         (CONTINUED)




Directors’ and Senior Management’s Emoluments
The Remuneration Committee determines and proposes to the Board (as the case may be) on the remuneration
and other benefits payable to the Directors and Management. The committee, on a routine basis, supervises the
remuneration of all Directors and Management to ensure that their remuneration and compensation are appropriate
and reasonable. The Group adopts competitive remuneration packages with reference to the industry standard and in
the light of the business advancement of the Group, and determines remuneration of the Directors and Management
after taking into account their qualifications, experience and contributions to the Company, so as to attract and retain
its Directors and Management.

Particulars of the Directors’ emoluments and the five highest paid individuals of the Group are set out in note 9 and
note 10 to the consolidated financial statements, respectively.

For the year ended 31 December 2021, emoluments of Company Secretary Ms. Wu Sanyan was between
HK$1,000,000 and HK$1,500,000.


Key Relationship with Employees, Customers and Suppliers
The Company maintains good relationships with its employees by taking all practicable measures, including but not
limited to improving, reviewing and updating its policies on remuneration and benefits, training, occupational health
and safety, to ensure that all the staff are reasonably remunerated.

The Company has good relationships with its customers and is always improving the communication mechanism with
customers to ensure all complaints or feedback from customers can be fed to the Company a timely manner and the
customers can receive service of high quality.

The Company maintains long-term good cooperation with domestic and overseas suppliers, which are reputable in
the industry.


Environmental Policies and Performance
The Group has strictly enforced the Environmental Protection Law of the People’s Republic of China (《 中 華 人 民
共和國環境保護法》), Law of the People’s Republic of China on Prevention and Control of Water Pollution (《中華
人 民 共 和 國 水 污 染 防 治 法》), Law of the People’s Republic of China on Prevention and Control of Environmental
Noise Pollution (《 中 華 人 民 共 和 國 環 境 噪 音 污 染 防 治 法》), and other applicable laws and regulations related to
environmental matters. The Group rigorously guards against environmental risk accidents in business management
and production processes, and has set up environmental management organizations, assigned full-time environmental
management personnel, established and improved the environmental management system, and developed the
comprehensive risk-defensive measure and emergency plan for accidents. We also require our suppliers to operate
in strict compliance with the pertinent environmental regulations and rules and obtain all necessary permission and
approval from the relevant government authorities.




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         44
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2021
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     Compliance with Laws and Regulations
     During the Reporting Period, the Group had complied with the relevant laws and regulations that have a significant
     impact on the operations of the Group.


     Principal Risks and Uncertainties
     There are a number of risks and uncertainties which may affect the performance and operation of the Group. The
     following is a summary of principal risks and uncertainties identified by the Company:


     Compliance with GMP and GSP Standards
     In accordance with applicable laws and regulations, certain subsidiaries of the Company are required to comply
     with Good Manufacturing Practice (“GMP”) standards and Good Supplying Practice (“GSP”) standards constantly
     and strictly. The Group has established a sound quality management system for the production and operation of
     pharmaceuticals, and accepts continuous supervision and inspection by regulatory agencies to ensure compliance
     with current GMP and GSP standards. In the event that those subsidiaries fail to strictly comply with the requirements
     of GMP and/or GSP standards and are penalized by the regulatory authorities, the Group’s business may still be
     largely and adversely affected after taking related remedies.


     Product Liability
     As insurance is not mandatorily required, the Group has not covered valid product liability insurance in respect of
     the manufacture and distribution of pharmaceutical products in the PRC. In the event of any product liability claim
     or proceedings pertaining to the products of the Group, which could not be solved through negotiation or any other
     methods, the Group may suffer material cost and damage to its relationship with customers.

     Healthcare Reform in China
     The government regulation and governance over the healthcare system in the PRC is undergoing a crucial reform
     period, where (i) the applicable laws, regulations and policies pertaining to the healthcare, medical and pharmaceutical
     industry are constantly evolving, and (ii) governmental authorities in the PRC may regularly or unexpectedly amend
     their implementation practices. Enforcement action taken by the government against the Group may affect us
     materially and adversely. Significant adverse consequences may therefore be incurred if our Group did not optimize
     its strategy to adapt to the variation of the Chinese medical system in time. Moreover, the scope and the extent of
     application of the government regulation and governance are continually changing, which leads to more risks and
     uncertainties in respect of the performance and operation of the Group.




45   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                  DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                                                                                                               (CONTINUED)




Tender and Price Control
The Company and its subsidiaries have to participate in a government-led tender process every year or every few
years. Any failure in bidding in a provincial tender process will affect the Group’s ability to sell products in the respective
province. Moreover, the product price, our market share, revenue and profitability may be affected due to certain new
methods adopted in the provincial tender process.


R&D, Regulatory Approval and Commercialization of Innovative Patented Products
The successful development of innovative patented products, the obtaining of regulatory approval and the realization of
commercialization are affected by a number of factors. These include but are not limited to the sufficiency of resources
to acquire or discover more drug candidates, pre-clinical studies and clinical trial delays or failures, uncertainties
brought about by the duration of the approval and regulatory approval process, and, if regulatory approval is obtained,
whether the products can be promoted successfully and their acceptance level in the market. If the R&D of innovative
patented products fails, the Group is unable to obtain regulatory approval, or market acceptance of our products is
not promising, the Group’s future development may be affected adversely.

There may be other principal risks and uncertainties that are not known to the Company or may not be material now
but could turn out to be material in the future.


Major Customers and Suppliers
For the year ended 31 December 2021, the percentage of sales to the Group’s five largest customers was
approximately 28.7% of the Group’s total sales, and sales to the top customer accounted for approximately 12.6% of
the total sales.

For the year ended 31 December 2021, the percentage of purchases from the Group’s five largest suppliers was
approximately 90.0% of the Group’s total purchases, and purchase from the top supplier accounted for approximately
29.6% of the total purchases.

Except as disclosed in note 39 to the consolidated financial statement, none of the Group’s directors, their close
associates or shareholders had an interest in the Group’s suppliers or customers.


Corporate Governance
A report for the corporate governance principles and practices adopted by the Company is set out on pages 49 to 60
of this Annual Report.


Sufficiency of Public Float
According to the publicly available information and as far as the Directors were aware of, as at the date of this Annual
Report, at least 25% of the Company’s total issued share capital was held by the public in compliance with the public
float requirement under the Listing Rules.




                                                                                 CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED            46
                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2021
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     Non-competition and Indemnity Agreements
     The Company entered into a deed of non-competition with Mr. Lam Kong and his wholly owned company registered
     in the British Virgin Islands - Treasure Sea Limited (“Treasure Sea”) on 14 September 2010 (the “Non-competition
     Deed”). Mr. Lam Kong and Treasure Sea jointly undertook not to carry on businesses that are in competition with the
     business of the Group.

     Mr. Lam Kong and Treasure Sea stated that they had complied with the relevant clauses of the Non-competition Deed,
     and did not engage in businesses that are in competition or may compete with the businesses of the Group, and also
     did not directly or indirectly hold any business interest that is in competition with the businesses of the Group during
     the Reporting Period.

     The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the compliance of the Non-competition Deed by Mr. Lam
     Kong and Treasure Sea during the Reporting Period, and reviewed the relevant business information provided by the
     Group. The independent non-executive Directors were of the opinion that Mr. Lam Kong and Treasure Sea complied
     with the relevant terms of the Non-competition Deed during the Reporting Period and did not cause any competition
     with the Group. The Board of Directors operated and managed the Group’s businesses independently in the interests
     of the Company and its shareholders as a whole.


     Donation
     During the Reporting Period, the Group had made donations of RMB1.2 million for charitable and other purposes,
     please refer to Community Dedication on pages 115 to 116 for details.


     Permitted Indemnity Provision
     According to the Articles of Association, among others, every Director, auditor or other officer of the Company shall be
     entitled to be indemnified out of the assets of the Company against all losses or liabilities incurred or sustained by him
     as a Director, auditor or other officer of the Company in defending any proceedings, whether civil or criminal, in which
     judgment is given in his favor, or in which he is acquitted.

     During the year ended 31 December 2021, pursuant to the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622 of the Laws
     of Hong Kong), appropriate insurance coverage for the Directors’ and senior management’s liabilities in respect of legal
     actions against the Directors and senior management of the Company arising out of corporate activities of the Group
     has been arranged by the Company.




47   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                          DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                                                                                                      (CONTINUED)




Equity-Linked Agreements
The Company has not entered into any equity-linked agreement during the year ended 31 December 2021.


Compliance with the Corporate Governance Code
The Company has complied with the applicable principles and code provisions of the applicable Corporate
Governance Code (the “CG Code”) as set out in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules from 1 January 2021 to 31
December 2021, except for a deviation from the Code Provision A.2.1 in respect of the roles of Chairman and Chief
Executive which shall not be performed by the same individual. The details of the Company’s compliance with the CG
Code are set out on pages 49 to 60 of this Annual Report.

On 1 January 2022, the amendments to the Corporate Governance Code (the “New CG Code”) came into effect and
the requirements under the New CG code will apply to corporate governance reports for financial year commencing
on or after 1 January 2022. The Board will continue to review and enhance the corporate governance practice of the
Company to ensure compliance with the New CG Code and align with the latest developments.


Competing Interests
None of the Directors or management and their respective associates (as defined in the Listing Rules) has an interest
in a business which competes or may compete with the businesses of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or has
any other conflict of interest with the Company during the Reporting Period.


Audit Committee
The details of the Audit Committee are set out on page 53 of the Corporate Governance Report of this Annual Report.


Auditors
The Company has appointed Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as auditors since the listing of the Company on the Main
Board of the Stock Exchange on 28 September 2010. The financial statements in the Annual Report for the year have
been audited by Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu. A resolution will be submitted at the AGM of the Company to re-appoint
Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as auditor of the Company.

                                                                                    By order of the Board
                                                                           China Medical System Holdings Limited
                                                                                         Lam Kong
                                                                                          Chairman


Hong Kong, 15 March 2022




                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        48
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2021
     Corporate Governance Report


     Corporate Governance Report
     The Company is committed to upholding high standards of corporate governance and has adopted sound
     governance and disclosure practices. The Company believes that continuously improving corporate governance can
     increase the Group’s accountability and transparency so as to maximize the long-term level shareholder value.


     Corporate Governance Practices
     The Company has complied with the applicable principles and code provisions of the revised CG Code as set out in
     Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules from 1 January 2021 to 31 December 2021, except for a deviation from the Code
     Provision A.2.1 in respect of the roles of Chairman and Chief Executive which shall not be performed by the same
     individual.

     Mr. Lam Kong has been both the Chairman and Chief Executive of the Company and his responsibilities are clearly
     established and set out in writing and approved by the Board. Given the Group’s current stage of development, the
     Board considers that vesting the roles of Chairman and Chief Executive in the same person facilitates the execution of
     the Group’s business strategies and maximizes effectiveness of its operations. The Board shall nevertheless review the
     structure from time to time and shall consider any appropriate adjustments should new circumstances arise.


     Directors’ Securities Transactions
     The Company adopted the Model Code as the code of conduct for Directors’ securities transactions. Having made
     specific inquiries of all Directors in relation to the compliance with the Model Code for securities transactions by
     Directors, the Company confirmed that all the Directors have complied with the relevant standards for securities
     transactions by directors set out in the Model Code for the year ended 31 December 2021. The Model Code also
     applies to other specified senior management of the Company.

     Employees who are likely to be in possession of unpublished price-sensitive information about the Company are also
     subject to compliance with guidelines on no less exacting terms than the Model Code. No incident of non-compliance
     with the guidelines by such employees was noted by the Company in the Reporting Period.


     Operation of the Board
     In accordance with good corporate governance principles, the Board convened regular meetings in accordance with
     statutory procedures, and complied strictly with the applicable laws, regulations and the Articles of Association in the
     exercise of its authority, with an emphasis on protecting the interests of the Company and its shareholders as a whole.




49   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                            CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                                                                                            (CONTINUED)




The role and responsibilities of the Board broadly cover reviewing and approving corporate mission and broad
strategies; overseeing and evaluating the conduct of the Group’s businesses; identifying principal risks and ensuring
the implementation of appropriate measures and control systems to manage these risks; and reviewing and approving
important matters such as financial results, investments and divestments and other material transactions. All Directors
and Board Committees have access to external legal counsel and other professionals for independent advice to better
perform their duties at the Group’s expense if necessary.

The Board has performed the strategic decision-making function in accordance with the long-term interest of the
Group as well as the interest of shareholders and relevant parties, and has been subject to effective supervision and
assessment in maintaining corporate resources and conducting operation management. The Board is responsible for
making effective incentives and constraints for the management when duly delegating powers to them. Meanwhile,
as the core of the Company’s corporate governance framework, the Board has clearly separated its functions and
duties from that of the management. Differentiating itself from the functions and duties of the Board, the specific
responsibilities and duties of the management of the Company are inclusive of running the Company’s day-to-
day business; drafting and proposing the Company’s annual business plan and investment plan; working out the
human resource policy and arranging an appropriate organizational structure of the Company; drafting plans for the
establishment of the Company’s branch offices; creating and upgrading the Company’s basic internal management
system and mandates for Company management; within the authority delegated by the Board, appointing, changing
or recommending shareholder representatives, directors and supervisors in its holding subsidiary or joint stock
subsidiary; and other powers delegated by the Board.

The Company has established four committees, namely, the Audit Committee, the Nomination Committee, the
Remuneration Committee and the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee, which mainly comprise
independent non-executive Directors and are responsible for overseeing particular aspects of the Group’s business
and providing the Group with recommendations for improvements. Please see below for the work scope of these
committees. The Board has delegated the responsibilities of the day-to-day management and operation of the Group’s
businesses to the management of the Company and its subsidiaries.


Composition of the Board
As at the date of this Annual Report, the Board consists of six Directors, including three executive Directors, namely
Mr. Lam Kong, Mr. Chen Hongbing and Ms. Chen Yanling; three independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr.
Leung Chong Shun, Ms. Luo Laura Ying and Mr. Fung Ching Simon. Biographical details of the Directors are set out
on pages 34 to 36 of this Annual Report. Save as disclosed in the section headed “Directors and Senior Management”
of this Annual Report, none of the Directors has any financial, business, family or other material or relevant relationships
among members of the Board.




                                                                               CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           50
                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2021
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     Board Attendances and Time Commitment
     During the Reporting Period, the Company held seven Board meetings and one annual general meeting. The following
     is the attendance record of the Directors at such meetings held during the Reporting Period.


                                                                                                 Attendance Rate
      Name                                    Title                                          Board          Annual General
                                                                                            Meeting            Meeting
      Mr. Lam Kong                            Chairman and Chief Executive, President          7/7                 1/1
      Mr. Chen Hongbing                       Chief Operating Officer, Vice President          7/7                 1/1
      Ms. Chen Yanling                        Chief Financial Officer, Vice President          7/7                 1/1
      Mr. Wu Chi Keung*                       Independent Non- Executive Director              5/6                 1/1
      Mr. Leung Chong Shun                    Independent Non- Executive Director              7/7                 1/1
      Ms. Luo Laura Ying                      Independent Non- Executive Director              7/7                 1/1
      Mr. Fung Ching Simon*                   Independent Non- Executive Director              1/1                 N/A


     *Notes：
     1. Mr. Wu Chi Keung resigned on 6 October 2021.
     2. Mr. Fung Ching Simon was appointed on 6 October 2021.


     Upon reviewing (i) the annual confirmation of the time commitment given by each Director; (ii) the directorships and
     major commitments of each Director; and (iii) the attendance rate of each Director for the Board meetings and the
     general meetings, the Board is satisfied that all Directors have spent sufficient time in performing their responsibilities
     during the Reporting Period.


     Independent Non-executive Directors
     For the year ended 31 December 2021, three independent non-executive Directors were appointed, at least one of
     whom has appropriate professional accounting qualifications. The Company has received from each independent
     non-executive Director an annual confirmation of his independence, and the Company considers such Directors to be
     independent in accordance with each and every guideline set out under the Listing Rules.

     The independent non-executive Directors are appointed for a period of one year. All of them are subject to
     retirement by rotation and re-election by shareholders at the annual general meeting in accordance with the Articles
     of Association. The responsibilities of the independent non-executive Directors include, without limitation: regular
     attendance at meetings of the Board and of Board Committees of which they are members; provision of independent
     opinion at meetings of the Board and other Board Committees; service on the Audit Committee, the Remuneration
     Committee, the Nomination Committee and the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee; and scrutinizing
     and monitoring the performance of the Company as a whole.




51   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                                                                                            (CONTINUED)




Directors’ Continuous Professional Development
On appointment to the Board, each newly appointed Director has received professional lawyer’s training covering the
general, statutory and regulatory obligations of being a director of a listed company to ensure that he/she is sufficiently
aware of his /her responsibilities under the Listing Rules and other relevant legal requirements.

From time to time, the Directors are provided with written materials to develop and refresh their professional skills. The
Company Secretary also organizes and arranges seminars on the latest development of the applicable laws, rules and
regulations for the Directors to assist them in discharging their duties.

According to the records maintained by the Company, the Directors received the following training with an emphasis
on the roles, functions and duties of a director of a listed company in compliance with the CG Code on continuous
professional development during the Reporting Period.


                                                   Corporate Governance/ Updates on Laws, Rules and
 Directors                                              Regulations/Updates on Industry Specific
                                                     Written Materials                     Briefings/Seminars
 Executive Directors
 Mr. Lam Kong                                                 √                                       √
 Mr. Chen Hongbing                                            √                                       √
 Ms. Chen Yanling                                             √                                       √


 Independent Non-executive Directors
 Mr. Wu Chi Keung*                                            √                                       √
 Mr. Leung Chong Shun                                         √                                       √
 Ms. Luo Laura Ying                                           √                                       √
 Mr. Fung Ching Simon*                                        √                                       √

*Notes：
1. Mr. Wu Chi Keung resigned on 6 October 2021.
2. Ms. Fung Ching Simon was appointed on 6 October 2021.



Committees
The Company has established the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee, the Nomination Committee and
the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee. The function of each of these committees is to study pertinent
issues in its area of expertise and to provide opinions and recommendations for consideration by the Board under its
own defined terms of reference.




                                                                               CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          52
                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2021
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     Audit Committee
     The Company established the Audit Committee in 2007. The Audit Committee comprises three independent non-
     executive Directors, and is currently chaired by Mr. Fung Ching Simon, with Mr. Leung Chong Shun and Ms. Luo
     Laura Ying as the committee members. During the Reporting Period, Mr. Wu Chi Keung resigned as an independent
     non-executive Director of the Company on 6 October 2021, he also resigned as the chairman of the Audit Committee
     of the Company. Mr. Fung Ching Simon was appointed as an independent non-executive Director and the chairman of
     the Audit Committee of the Company on 6 October 2021.

     The primary duties of the Audit Committee are to provide the Directors with an independent review of the effectiveness
     of the financial reporting process, internal control and risk management system of the Company, and to oversee the
     audit process and to perform other duties and responsibilities as assigned by the Directors. The Audit Committee also
     oversees the Company’s appointment of external auditors. The annual results announcement and annual report for
     the year ended 31 December 2021 of the Company have been reviewed by the Audit Committee and approved by
     the Board with recommendation of the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee meets at least twice a year with the
     external auditors in absence of the executive Directors. The terms of reference of the Audit Committee are posted on
     the Stock Exchange’s website (http://www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company’s website (http://www.cms.net.cn).

     For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Audit Committee held three meetings. At the meetings, the Audit
     Committee reviewed the annual results for 2020 with the external auditors, the interim results for 2021, the activities of
     the Group’s internal control functions and also reviewed and approved the arrangement of the annual audit work and
     then proposed the recommendations to the Board. Below is the attendance rate of the committee members:


      Committee Members                          Attendance Rate of the Meetings for the Year Ended 31 December 2021
      Mr. Wu Chi Keung (Chairman)*                                                 2/2
      Mr. Fung Ching Simon (Chairman)*                                             1/1
      Mr. Leung Chong Shun                                                         3/3
      Ms. Luo Laura Ying                                                           3/3


     *Notes：
     1. Mr. Wu Chi Keung resigned on 6 October 2021.
     2. Mr. Fung Ching Simon was appointed on 6 October 2021.



     Remuneration Committee
     The Company established a Remuneration Committee in 2007. The Remuneration Committee comprises three
     independent non-executive Directors, and is currently chaired by Mr. Leung Chong Shun, with Ms. Luo Laura Ying
     and Mr. Fung Ching Simon as the committee members. During the Reporting Period, Mr. Wu Chi Keung resigned
     as an independent non-executive Director of the Company on 6 October 2021, he also resigned as a member of the
     Remuneration Committee of the Company. Mr. Fung Ching Simon was appointed as an independent non-executive
     Director and a member of the Remuneration Committee of the Company on 6 October 2021.




53   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                       CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                                                                                      (CONTINUED)




The primary duties of the Remuneration Committee include (but without limitation): (i) making recommendations to the
Board on the policy and structure for remunerations of all Directors and senior management and on the establishment
of a formal and transparent procedure for developing policies on such remuneration; (ii) determining the terms of the
specific remuneration package of the Directors and senior management; (iii) approving the terms of Directors’ service
contracts, and (iv) reviewing and approving performance-based remuneration by reference to corporate goals and
objectives resolved by the Directors from time to time. The terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee are
posted on the Stock Exchange’s website (http://www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company’s website (http://www.cms.net.
cn).

For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Remuneration Committee held three meetings. At the meetings,
the Remuneration Committee reviewed and recommended adjusting remuneration of the Directors and senior
management with reference to the industry standard, in light of the business advancement of the Group and according
to their qualifications, experience and contributions, and considered that the proposed remunerations of whom were
reasonable and appropriate. Below is the attendance rate of the committee members:


 Committee Members                         Attendance Rate of the Meetings for the Year ended 31 December 2021
 Mr. Leung Chong Shun (Chairman)                                            3/3
 Mr. Wu Chi Keung*                                                          1/2
 Ms. Luo Laura Ying                                                         3/3
 Mr. Fung Ching Simon*                                                      1/1


*Notes：
1. Mr. Wu Chi Keung resigned on 6 October 2021.
2. Mr. Fung Ching Simon was appointed on 6 October 2021.



Nomination Committee
The Company established the Nomination Committee in 2007. The Nomination Committee comprises one executive
Director and three independent non-executive Directors, and is currently chaired by Ms. Luo Laura Ying, with Mr. Lam
Kong, Mr. Leung Chong Shun and Mr. Fung Ching Simon as the committee members. During the Reporting Period,
Mr. Wu Chi Keung resigned as an independent non-executive Director of the Company on 6 October 2021, he also
resigned as a member of the Nomination Committee of the Company. Mr. Fung Ching Simon was appointed as an
independent non-executive Director and a member of the Nomination Committee of the Company on 6 October 2021.

The primary duties of the Nomination Committee are to make recommendations to the Directors on all new
appointments of Directors and senior management, interviewing nominees, and to take up references and to consider
related matters. The terms of reference of the Nomination Committee are posted on the Stock Exchange’s website
(http://www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company’s website (http://www.cms.net.cn).




                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        54
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2021
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Nomination Committee held two meetings. At the meetings, the
     Nomination Committee reviewed the composition and structure of the Board in order to determine whether it is in
     compliance with requirements under the relevant laws, regulations and rules and whether the diversity on the Board
     has been achieved and maintained, considered and made recommendations to the Board on the re-appointment
     of the retiring directors at the 2020 annual general meeting, and also assessed whether the independent non-
     executive Directors had spent enough time in fulfilling their duties and their independence; and proposed to appoint
     a new independent non-executive Director, the chairman of the Audit Committee and a member of the Remuneration
     Committee, the Nomination Committee and the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee. The committee
     is of the view that the current composition and structure of the Board comply with the applicable regulations and
     the Board is experienced and has diversified perspectives and views. Below is the attendance rate of the committee
     members:


      Committee Members                     Attendance Rate of the Meeting for the Year ended 31 December 2021
      Ms. Luo Laura Ying (Chairman)                                                2/2
      Mr. Lam Kong                                                                 2/2
      Mr. Wu Chi Keung*                                                            1/2
      Mr. Leung Chong Shun                                                         2/2
      Mr. Fung Ching Simon*                                                       N/A


     *Notes：
     1. Mr. Wu Chi Keung resigned on 6 October 2021.
     2. Mr. Fung Ching Simon was appointed on 6 October 2021.


     Board Diversity Policy
     The Company views the increasing diversity at the Board level as an essential element in supporting the attainment
     of its strategic objectives, maintaining competitive advantages and keeping sustainable development. Therefore, the
     Company has adopted a Board Diversity Policy (the “Policy”) to set out the approach to achieve and maintain diversity
     on the Board in order to enhance the effectiveness of the Board. Pursuant to the Policy, the Company seeks to
     achieve Board diversity through the consideration of a number of factors, including but not limited to professional skills,
     experience, culture and education background, ethnicity, gender, age, etc. In introducing its perspective on diversity,
     the Company will also take into account factors based on its own business model and specific needs from time to
     time. Ultimately, all Board appointments will be based on merit, and candidates will be considered against objective
     criteria, fully having due regard to the benefits diversity brings to the Board. The Board shall continue to maintain the
     gender diversity among the Board members. The Nomination Committee will review the Policy on a regular basis to
     ensure its continued effectiveness.




55   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                                                                                             (CONTINUED)




As at the date of this Annual Report, the Board’s composition from a board diversity perspective is summarized as
follows:


                                     Executive Directors                      Independent Non-executive Directors
   Designation
                                               3                                                 3
                                             Male                                              Female
     Gender
                                               4                                                 2
                                        51-55 years old                                    56-60 years old
   Age Group
                                               3                                                 3

    Length of              2 years and below                      3-5years                     10 years and above
     Service                        2                                 1                                 3
  Professional
                                              Pharmaceuticals, Accounting, Investment, Law
  Background


The Board will continue with its endeavor to maintain the gender diversity in the Board.


Environmental, Social and Governance Committee
The Company established the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee in 2020. The Environmental, Social
and Governance Committee comprises one executive Director and two independent non-executive Directors, and
is currently chaired by Ms. Chen Yanling, with Mr. Leung Chong Shun and Mr. Fung Ching Simon as the committee
members. During the Reporting Period, Mr. Wu Chi Keung resigned as an independent non-executive Director of the
Company on 6 October 2021, he also resigned as a member of the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee
of the Company. Mr. Fung Ching Simon was appointed as an independent non-executive Director and a member of
the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee of the Company on 6 October 2021.

The primary duties of the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee are to comprehensively formulate and
review the administrative policies, strategies and structures of the Group’s environmental, social and governance;
to review environmental, social and governance-related policies, regulations and trends and provide decision-
making advice to the Board of Directors regarding the Group’s environmental, social and governance strategies and
operations; to ensure the Company to comply with requirements of applicable laws and regulations; to monitor and
supervise the formulation and implementation of the Group’s environmental, social and governance objectives; to
identify external environmental, social and governance trends, risks and opportunities; and to promote a positive
culture throughout the Group and actively incorporate environmental, social and governance considerations into
the business decision-making processes, etc. The terms of reference of the Environmental, Social and Governance
Committee are posted on the Stock Exchange’s website (http://www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company’s website
(http://www.cms.net.cn).




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         56
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2021
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee held four meetings.
     At the meetings, the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee reviewed the Group’s overall environmental,
     social and governance (the “ESG”) performance, reviewed the implementation progress of the Group’s ESG
     objectives, reported the important trends affecting the Group’s ESG strategies, assessed the impact of ESG risks and
     opportunities on the Group, guided and reviewed the Group’s ESG materiality analysis, and reviewed and reported to
     the Board the 2020 ESG report of the Company. Below is the attendance rate of the committee members:


      Committee Members                     Attendance Rate of the Meeting for the Year ended 31 December 2021
      Ms. Chen Yanling (Chairman)                                                 4/4
      Mr. Wu Chi Keung*                                                           3/3
      Mr. Leung Chong Shun                                                        4/4
      Mr. Fung Ching Simon*                                                       1/1


     *Notes：
     1. Mr. Wu Chi Keung resigned on 6 October 2021.
     2. Mr. Fung Ching Simon was appointed on 6 October 2021.


     Corporate Governance Functions
     No corporate governance committee has been established, and the Board is responsible for performing the corporate
     governance functions such as developing and reviewing the Company’s policies and practices on corporate
     governance, providing training and continuous professional development for Directors and senior management, and
     ensuring the Company’s policies and practices are in compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, etc.


     Auditor’s Remuneration
     For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Company has appointed Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as our independent
     external auditor to provide the annual performance auditing service, the remuneration for its auditing and non-auditing
     service was HK$4.9 million and HK$1.3 million, respectively. The non-auditing service covered tax advisory service.


     Directors’ and Auditor’s Responsibilities for Accounts
     The Board acknowledges their responsibility for presenting a balanced, clear and understandable assessment of
     annual and interim reports, inside information announcements and other financial disclosures required under the
     Listing Rules and other regulatory requirements. The Directors confirm that they are responsible for the preparation
     of financial reports, and to give a true and fair view of the Company’s and the Group’s financial status and operating
     results for the year ended 31 December 2021. In preparing these financial statements, the Board has selected
     suitable accounting policies and applied them consistently; made judgments and estimates that are prudent, fair and
     reasonable; and have prepared the consolidated financial statements on a going concern basis.

     The responsibility of auditor is set out in the independent auditor’s report on pages 130 to 132.




57   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                                                                                            (CONTINUED)




Risk Management and Internal Controls
The Group has established and designed appropriate policies and controls to ensure that assets are safeguarded
against unauthorized use or disposal, relevant rules and regulations are adhered to and complied with, reliable financial
and accounting records are maintained in accordance with relevant accounting standards and regulatory reporting
requirements, and main risks that may impact on the Group’s performance are appropriately identified and managed.
The systems and internal controls can only provide reasonable but not absolute assurance to prevent material
misstatement or losses, as they are designed to manage, rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business
objectives.

The Board confirms its responsibility for supervising the Group’s risk management and internal control systems and
reviewing their effectiveness at least annually through the Audit Committee. The Group Internal Audit and the Audit
Committee assist the Board in the review of the effectiveness of the Group’s risk management and internal control
systems on the basis of continuity. The directors through these committees are kept regularly appraised of significant
risks that may impact on the Group’s performance.

Regarding the procedure and internal control over handling and propagation of the inside information, the Group has
adopted an inside information management policy which has been disseminated to all the staff. Based on the policy
and in order to ensure that the inside information would be processed and propagated in compliance, the Group
has established monitoring measures to ensure that the potential inside information could be promptly recognized,
assessed and then provided to the Board for their decision that whether a disclosure is required.

The Audit Committee assists the Board in performing its supervision and corporate governance roles in the Group’s
financial, operational, compliance, risk management, internal controls, the resourcing of the finance and internal audit
functions by reviewing the working report from internal audit and external audit. During the Reporting Period, the
Group Internal Audit conducted selective reviews of the effectiveness of the systems of risk management and internal
controls of the Group in respect of financial, operational and compliance controls with emphasis on information
technology and security, information privacy and protection, business continuity management and procurement.
Such results were assessed by the Group Internal Audit and reported to the Audit Committee, which then reviewed
and reported the same to the Board. The Audit Committee and the Board were not aware of any areas of concern
that would have a significant impact on the Group’s financial position or results of operations and considered the risk
management and internal control systems to be generally effective and sufficient including the adequacy of resources,
staff qualifications and experience, sufficient training programs for the staff and budget of the accounting, internal audit
and financial reporting functions.

In addition to the review of risk management and internal controls executed within the Group, the external auditor
appointed by the Group also assessed the adequacy and effectiveness of certain main risk management and internal
controls as part of their regulatory audits. The external auditor’s related recommendation will be adopted under
appropriate circumstances to strengthen the risk management and internal controls.




                                                                               CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           58
                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2021
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     Shareholders’ Rights
     Convening an Extraordinary General Meeting
     Pursuant to article 12.3 of the Articles of Association, any one or more shareholders holding at the date of deposit of
     the requisition not less than one-tenth of the paid-up capital of the Company carrying the right of voting at general
     meetings of the Company shall at all times has the right, by written requisition specifying the objects of the meeting
     and signed by the requisitionists to the Company’s headquarters and principal place of business in Hong Kong at Unit
     2106, 21/F, Island Place Tower, 510 King’s Road, North Point, Hong Kong to require an extraordinary general meeting
     to be called by the Board for the transaction of any business specified in such requisition. The same requirement and
     procedure also apply to any proposal to be tabled at shareholders’ meetings for adoption.


     Shareholders’ Enquiries
     Shareholders should direct their questions about their shareholdings to the Company’s branch share registrar,
     Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited (Shops 1712-1716, 17/F, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s
     Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong). Shareholders and the investment community may at any time make a request for
     the Company’s information to the extent that such information is publically available. Shareholders may also make
     enquiries to the Board by writing to the Company Secretary at the Company’s headquarters and principal place of
     business in Hong Kong at Unit 2106, 21/F, Island Place Tower, 510 King’s Road, North Point, Hong Kong.


     Articles of Association
     During the Reporting Period, there were no changes made to the Articles of Association.


     Communications with Shareholders and Investors
     The Company attaches great importance to communications with shareholders and investors as always. The
     Company endeavors to disclose information that is important to shareholders and investors timely and objectively
     through diverse channels, to actively and effectively communicate the Company’s latest development strategy and
     business updates to the capital market. The Company interacts with its shareholders and investors mainly through
     the following channels: (i) holding Annual General Meetings and Extraordinary General Meetings; (ii) providing timely
     release of the latest news and updates of the Company on the official website as well as official accounts on WeChat
     and financial media platforms; (iii) replying questions related to the Company’s business raised by shareholders and
     investors via various ways such as telephone and email; (iv) organizing the Interim and Annual Results Announcement
     Conferences; (v) participating in various conferences and roadshows held by sell-side institutions; (vi) organizing and
     receiving investors visits, and participating in conference calls. During the Reporting Period, the management and
     the investor relations team of the Company have received more than a thousand representatives of domestic and
     overseas institutions and individual investors.




59   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                                                                                        (CONTINUED)




The active and persistent communication with shareholders and investors has been recognized by third parties. During
the Reporting Period, the Company was awarded the “Best Pharmaceutical and Medical Company” of the Golden
Hong Kong Listed Companies, the “Most Socially Responsible Listed Company” of Jinqilin Awards, the “Honored
Company”, “Best IR Program” and “Best ESG” among small & midcap companies in Healthcare and Pharmaceuticals
sector by the Institutional Investor Magazine (“II Magazine ”), and the “Best Information Disclosure”, “Best Capital
Market Communication” and “Best Shareholder Relations” at the 4th and the 5th China IR Annual Awards Ceremony.
In the previous years, the company received the awards of the Golden Hong Kong Listed Companies for four times
including the “Most Valuable Medical and Pharmaceutical Listed Company” and the “Best Hong Kong Stock-
Connect Company”, the award of BIVA “The Listed Company with the Best Investment Value” twice, the awards of
Chinese Securities Golden Bauhinia twice including the “Best Listed Company” and the “Listed Company with the
Best Information Disclosure”. The Group won the “Excellent Pharmaceutical Industry Award” in the selection of the
eighth “Top 100 Hong Kong Listed Companies”, the “Best Investor Relations” Award at the first China Enterprise
Excellence Awards Ceremony, the “Best Case Award” at the 2nd China IR Annual Awards Ceremony, as well as the
“Top 10 Listed Companies with the Highest Investment Value in China Pharmaceutical Industry in 2019”, “Top 100
Innovative Pharmaceutical Enterprises in China”, and “Benchmarking Enterprises in Pharmaceutical Industry at the
70th Anniversary of PRC Founding” at the China Healthcare Summit of Entrepreneurs, Scientists and Investors.The
Company was also selected as one of the “Most Attractive Hong Kong Stock-Connect Companies for Institutional
Investors”, and recognized as the“Hong Kong Stock-Connect Company with the Most Substantial Growth Potential”
of Golden Wing Award, and the “Honored Company” and “All-Asia Most Honored Company” by II Magazine . Mr. Lam
Kong was named three times the “All-Asia Best CEO” in the healthcare and pharmaceutical industry among overall or
small & midcap companies by II Magazin e. Ms. Chen Yanling was named eight times the “Best CFO” in the healthcare
and pharmaceutical industry among overall or small & midcap companies by II Magazine , and awarded twice the “Best
CFO” in Gelonghui’s Best Listed Companies of Greater China Award. CMS’s Investor Relations Team was named three
times the “Best Investor Relations” in the healthcare and pharmaceutical industry among overall or small & midcap
companies, the “Best IR Professional” and the “All-Asia Best Analyst Days” by II Magazine .

In the future, we will continuously maintain close, sincere and effective communication and interaction with investors,
listen attentively to the feedback and voices from the capital markets, and further optimize investor relations.




                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         60
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2021
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND
     GOVERNANCE REPORT

     1.     About the Report
     The Report is the sixth environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) report of CMS. This is an annual report,
     which covers the fiscal year from January 1, 2021 to December 31, 2021 with some additional related information
     incorporated that may have occurred outside the Reporting Period.


     1.1 Basis of Preparation
     The Report is prepared as per Appendix 27 Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide of Main Board
     Listing Rules issued by Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Ltd (“SEHK”).

     The contents of the Report were formulated through systematic procedures, including: project kickoff, review and
     summarization of the 2020 ESG Report transcript, stakeholder questionnaire, identification and ranking of ESG
     material issues, determination of the disclosure scope of the Report, collection of relevant information and data, review
     on the relevant information and data, establishment of the 2022 ESG management goals, preparation of the Report,
     review and final approval of the Report by the Board of Directors.


     1.2 Scope of the Report
     The Report discloses the ESG risks and performances of the Group conforming to the principles of “Materiality”,
     “Quantitative”, “Balance” and “Consistency” mentioned in the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide .
     Unless otherwise indicated, the scope of the Report is the same as that of the 2021 Annual Report of the Group, and
     includes the Company, its wholly owned subsidiaries and majority owned subsidiaries.


     1.3 Data Sources and Reliability Statement
     The materials and cases disclosed in the Report were from the Group’s relevant reports and archives. The Group
     undertakes that the Report does not contain any false information or misleading statements, and is responsible for the
     content of the Report as to its authenticity, accuracy and completeness.


     1.4 Obtaining the Report
     The Report, as a part of the Group’s 2021 Annual Report, can be accessed and downloaded from SEHK’s website
     (www.hkexnews.hk) and the Group’s website (www.cms.net.cn). For further consultation, any opinion or suggestion
     regarding the Report, please contact the Group via ir@cms.net.cn.


     2.     ESG Management
     CMS has upheld the values of “value creation for customers and social responsibility fulfilment” to continually develop
     high-quality, affordable drugs that meet clinical needs through innovation as its central driver to protect the people’s
     health. In addition, by practicing the concept of sustainable development, CMS has kept improving the internal
     operations and governance, and actively committed itself to the charity and environmental protection practices and
     the maximization of its stakeholders’ value. After being rated “AA” for the first time in 2020 by MSCI-ESG, the Group
     maintained the rating of “AA” in the latest MSCI-ESG rating released in December 2021 and was regarded as a
     company leading its industry in managing the material ESG risks and opportunities.




61   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                  Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                          (CONTINUED)




2.1 Statement of the Board of Directors
With the sustainable development goal of “carrying out the concept of environmental protection, achieving the value
of social responsibility, being committed to becoming a leading sustainable pharmaceutical enterprise in China”, in
2021, the Group integrated the environmental protection and social responsibility into the formulation of its operational
strategy, contributing to China’s efforts in achieving the “dual carbon” goals, namely carbon peaking and carbon
neutrality.

The Group has set up scientific and effective ESG governance structure by establishing the ESG Committee at the
Board of Directors level, with the Group’s Executive Director as its Chairman to take charge of ESG management
work and two independent non-executive directors as its members. Under the ESG Committee, the Group has
organized the organization-wide ESG Working Group to comprehensively implement specific projects. Moreover, in
order to step up the systematic, standardized and transparent ESG governance efforts, the Group has developed The
Environmental, Social and Governance Committee Terms of Reference to specify the authorities and duties as well as
procedures of the ESG management, to ensure the well-ordered advancement and efficient fulfilment of relevant tasks.

The Group attaches great importance to the global tendency of ESG governance, and always stays tuned to the
trends of the industry development, and identifies ESG risks and opportunities by objectively reviewing current internal
management status. Also, the Group employs the routine stakeholder communication mechanism to learn internal
and external advice, demands and concerns, assesses and prioritizes ESG material issues, and takes them into full
account when setting and adjusting management guidelines. Additionally, the Group’s Board of Directors includes the
ESG issues in the scope of its regular discussion and management, involves in the review and approval of the ESG
management goals and improvement schemes, audits and grants necessary supporting resources, and reflects and
follows up on the implementation progress of the established ESG management goals at the regular Board meetings.
Meanwhile, the Group learns from the world’s excellent ESG practices to identify the direction of further optimization
based on its current operations. During the Reporting Period, the Group improved the management rules and policies
in multiple areas of its internal operations, covering compliant operations, product liability, employment, supply chain,
environmental protection, public welfare activities managements, and so on, provided more comprehensive guidance
for the advancement of ESG management, further promoted the Group’s sustainability development.

As a player in the healthcare industry, the Group is well aware of the importance of innovative research to the
significant industry development. As driven by innovation with global vision, the Group has deployed nearly 30
innovative medicines with differentiated clinical advantages through collaborative research and development coupled
with the quality control throughout the product life cycle, making those medicines with real clinical value more
accessible to patients. Looking ahead, the Group will continue to assume the social and environmental responsibilities,
build up the innovation strength, and work together with all its stakeholders towards green, efficient and sustainable
development.

The Board of Directors of the Group have approved the Report to ensure that there is no false information, misleading
statements or major omission in its content.




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          62
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2021
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




     2.2 Structure and Process of ESG Governance
     Thanks to years of ESG management practicing, the Group has formed a three-tier ESG governance framework
     consisting of the Board of Directors, the ESG Committee and the ESG Working Group to systematically carry out
     ESG management from the governance level of the Board of Directors to the ESG implementation level. The Group’s
     ESG Committee consists of three directors, among them the Executive Director, Chief Financial Officer and Vice
     President of the Group, Ms. Chen Yanling is the Chairman of the Committee; The ESG Working Group comprises the
     heads from each department, and participates in the concrete implementation and reporting of the ESG work. The
     Environmental, Social and Governance Committee Terms of Reference has been published on the Group’s official
     website for all stakeholder’s reference.

                                                                                                                                                                      CMS Board of Directors


                                                                                   •              Comprehensively formulating and reviewing the Group’s ESG management policies, strategies and
                                                                                                  structures
                                                                                   •              Reviewing ESG-related policies and regulations, identifying external ESG trends, risks and opportunities
                            ESG
                                                                                   •              Providing decision-making advice to the Board of Directors regarding the Group’s ESG strategies and
                          Committee
                                                                                                  operations, to ensure the compliance with requirements of applicable laws and regulations
                                                                                   •              Promoting a positive ESG culture throughout the Group and actively incorporating ESG considerations
                                                                                                  into the business decision-making processes, etc.




                                                                                   •              Formulating and implementing specific ESG work plans
                                                                                   •              Regularly collecting and analysing the Group’s ESG-related key performance indicators, and submitting
                                                                                                  them to the ESG Committee for review to facilitate the ESG Committee’s understanding of the
                                                                                                  implementation progress of the Group’s ESG management performance objectives
                                                                                   •              Analyzing the relationship between ESG risks and the Group’s overall risk management system, then
                  ESG Working                                                                     making suggestions on risk control
                    Group                                                          •              Proactively delivering feedbacks from capital markets and other stakeholders to the ESG Committee, etc.




                                                   Innovation and research                        registration management   supply Chain m anagement       pharmaceutical                                                      Human resources                                                  finance and accounting


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Compliance Department
                            Business Development                                                                                                                                  quality management   Business operations

                                                                             medical Department
     Investor relations

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     legal Department                                                    audit Department                                        It Department
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 administration
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    subsidiaries

                                                                                                                                                                                                                             management Department
        Department                                                                                                                                                                                     Control Department
                                  Department              Department                                      Department                Department
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Department
                                                                                                                                                                                       Department
                                                                                                                                                       manufacturing Department                                                                                                                        Department




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         production management     supply Chain m anagement
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Human resources    administration


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                management        management




                                                                                                                               Figure 1 CMS’s ESG Governance Framework


63   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                              Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                  (CONTINUED)




The Group’s ESG management follows a nested closed-loop process:
•     Reviewing the ESG management goals of the previous year, and proposing and implementing improvement
      solutions to the issues existing in ESG management through internal audit, ESG good practice benchmarking,
      professional third-party’s recommendation, and other ways;
•     Determining the ESG management goal for the current year based on the ESG management goal of the
      previous year and the internal improvement solutions;
•     Dividing the ESG management goals to formulate corresponding ESG management supporting measures and
      plans;
•     Supervising the execution of the measures through daily ESG management and dynamic monitoring of ESG
      information, and regularly reviewing the progress of the plan fulfilment;
•     Preparing the annual ESG report according to the current situation of ESG management with reference to the
      results of stakeholders’ survey analysis;
•     Checking the results of ESG governance at the end of the year, making adjustments and setting new goals in
      accordance with the Group’s latest internal and external situations.




                                Figure 2 CMS’s ESG Management Flow Diagram




                                                                        CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED      64
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2021
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




     2.3 ESG Governance Goal
     The Group gives weight to the ESG management by objectives. During the Reporting Period, the Board of Directors
     reviewed the achievement of CMS’s ESG goals regularly and formulated the ESG goals for the next year. See below
     for CMS’s 2021 ESG management condition and 2022 ESG management goals.

                          Table 1 CMS’s ESG Management Status in 2021 and ESG Management Goals for 2022


         Issues                     2021 ESG Management Status                                  2022 ESG Management Goals
                            The Board of Directors was deeply involved in the
          ESG               ESG management, reviewed ESG matters in its four         Regularly reviewing internal diversity policy, continuously
       governance           regular board meetings in the year, and monitored        maintaining the diversity of the Board of Directors
                            improvement of ESG governance

                            Established a sound anti-corruption control system       Further building a clean and law-abiding internal corporate
                            based on comprehensive compliance policies, training     culture. Suppliers and employees can 100% report
        Compliant
                            system, supervision and assessment management,           against the Group’s staff with their name or anonymously
        operation
                            and refined the reporting process to ensure fair         through the reporting and complaining channels and
                            operation management                                     process

                            Conducted responsible marketing based on the quality     Continuously optimizing the clinical research management
                            control throughout the product life cycle; focusing on   system, propelling the registration process of innovative
                            public health, accelerated the expansion of clinically   products in China, improving the accessibility of clinically
      Product liability
                            needed innovative products reserve and promoted          needed drugs with high quality for patients; further
                            their clinical development; improved the construction    intensifying the information security control and enhancing
                            of an intellectual property protection system            the customer privacy protection

                            Ensured effective cooperation between the upstream
       Cooperation          and downstream of the supply chain, and strengthened     Making joint efforts with supply chain partners to build a
       and mutual           the identification and control of ESG risks in each      sustainable business ecosystem while strictly controlling
         benefit            segment of the supply chain through the signing of the   the quality and safety
                            Proposal for Suppliers and a series of other measures

                            Carried out employee climate surveys, to understand
                                                                                     Building regular and systematic employee communication
                            the employees’ needs; continuously optimized the
      People-oriented                                                                system to further protect the rights and interests of
                            legal employment, employee development, health and
         practice                                                                    employees, optimizing the organizational climate to meet
                            safety and other human resource management policies
                                                                                     employees’ demands
                            and practices

                            Improved the relevant policies of public service,        Actively participating in social and public service activities,
        Community           incorporated philanthropy into the long-term operation   insisting on paying constant attention to and conducting
        dedication          plan, undertook corporate social responsibilities via    impact tracking for donees and their communities, to
                            routine public welfare activities                        ensure the donation serves its purpose

                                                                                     Continuously investing resources in environmental
                                                                                     protection, and achieving environmental management
                                                                                     goals by conserving energy and reducing emissions：
                                                                                     (1)The greenhouse gas emission intensity is expected to
                                                                                     be reduced by at least 5% by the end of 2023, comparing
                                                                                     with 2020
                            Performed environmental audits for pharmaceutical
                                                                                     (2)The hazardous waste intensity is expected to be
                            factories, strengthened relevant risk identification
                                                                                     reduced by at least 5% by the end of 2023, comparing
      Environmental         and control, continuously optimized and upgraded
                                                                                     with 2020
       protection           the production process and equipment based on
                                                                                     (3)The non-hazardous waste intensity is expected to be
                            the actual operation to reduce the impacts on the
                                                                                     reduced by at least 2% by the end of 2023, comparing
                            surrounding environment
                                                                                     with 2020
                                                                                     (4) The electricity intensity is expected to be reduced by at
                                                                                     least 2% by the end of 2023, comparing with 2020
                                                                                     (5) The water consumption intensity is expected to be
                                                                                     reduced by at least 5% by the end of 2023, comparing
                                                                                     with 2020


65   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                             (CONTINUED)




2.4 ESG Communication with Stakeholders
The Group has established a routine stakeholder communication system to maintain efficient communication with
all stakeholders through diverse and targeted channels of communication, and actively respond to the stakeholder’s
requirements, in order to facilitate the implementation of the Company’s sustainable development efforts. CMS has
established connections with stakeholders via the following communication methods.

                                 Table 2 CMS’s Communication Methods with Stakeholders


     Stakeholder             Major Communication Appeal                         Main Communication Method
                          • Compliance with laws and
                            regulations, drug safety
                                                                  Government-company seminar
   Government and         • Compliant operation under
                                                                  Supervision and inspection
 regulatory authorities     supervision
                                                                  Work report and research
                          • Tax compliance, employment
                            creation

                          • Standardized governance and             General meeting, results announcement
                            rigorous risk control                   Company news, announcements and periodic report
  Investor/shareholder
                          • Prudent operation and value             Telephone, email, voting at general meeting
                            creation                                Company official website and WeChat official account
                          • Disclosure compliance,                  Investor visit, conference and presentation
                            openness and transparency               External road show

                                                                  Meeting and visit
                                                                  Work meeting, and communication via telephone and
                          • Open and fair procurement
                                                                   email
       Supplier           • Timely communication, win-win
                                                                  Company official website and WeChat official account
                            developments
                                                                  Industrial seminar
                                                                  Public bidding
                                                                  Work meeting, and communication via telephone and
                          • Integrity management and
                                                                   email
                            compliant drugs
      Distributor                                                 Company official website and WeChat official account
                          • Timely communication, win-win
                                                                  Customer service hotline
                            developments
                                                                  Meeting and visit


                          • Protection of rights and interests    Team building activity and employee training
                          • Employee caring, demand               Feedback platform
       Employee             communication                         Employee reception room and management reception
                          • Remuneration and benefits,             day
                            training and development              Employee satisfaction and engagement survey


                          • Product safety, protection of
  External practitioner                                           Disclosure of product label and other information
                            rights and interests
 in the pharmaceutical                                            Academic conference and forum
                          • Protection of privacy, business
        industry                                                  Processing of customer complaint and feedback
                            ethics

                          • Good interaction, information
                            disclosure
                          • Product safety, protection of           Product labelling and other information disclosure
                            rights and interests                    Processing of customer complaint and feedback
    General public        • Protection of privacy, business         Participation in community public welfare activities
                            ethics                                  Propaganda of medicine and health knowledge
                          • Inclusive health and charity            Company official website and WeChat official account
                          • Community development
                            and social value


                                                                                 CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED      66
                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2021
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




     2.5 ESG Material Issues
     During the Reporting Period, in order to further clarify the Group’s ESG management concerns, and promptly
     respond to the stakeholders’ requests, the Group extended the ESG issues database and enlarged the coverage of
     the stakeholder survey with reference to external attention. Feedback from various parties were collected by means
     of online questionnaires survey as critical basis for the preparation of the Report and the corporate development
     management.

     The Group makes materiality assessment through the following steps:

     •     Establishment of the issues database: CMS’s ESG management issues library in 2021 has been completed and updated
           with reference to Appendix 27 Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide of Main Board Listing Rules
           issued by SEHK, the concerns of the capital market, the development trend of the pharmaceutical industry and the
           Group’s operations.
     •     Stakeholder engagement: The Group has established and implemented a stakeholder engagement plan for the year.
           Through communication with the stakeholder and distribution of online questionnaires, the Group has sought to
           understand the stakeholders’ expectations and suggestions on CMS’s ESG issues. During the Reporting Period, the
           Group received a total of 538 valid questionnaire responses, an increase of 241 compared to the previous year;
     •     Issue assessment: The Group has assessed the materiality of the issues in two dimensions: “importance to the
           enterprise” and “importance to the stakeholders”, and obtained the materiality matrix and material issues list.
     •     Review and confirmation: The Group’s Board of Directors has reviewed the assessment procedure of the material issues
           and confirmed the results.
     Based on the results of the survey and discussions of the Board of Directors, the Group has ranked the materiality of
     issues in 2021 as follows:




         Product responsibility Employee development Corporate governance Environmental protection Social responsibility

                                           Figure 3 CMS’s ESG Materiality Analysis Matrix


67   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                   Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                       (CONTINUED)




The materiality assessment of CMS 2021 ESG issues found 12 highly important issues, 10 medium important issues,
                       and 4 ordinary important issues, the details of which are listed below:

                                         Table 3 CMS’s Material Issues List


 Importance of issue              Issue scope                                        Issue
                          Product responsibility         Product and service quality
                          Employee development           Talent attraction and retention
                          Product responsibility         Innovative research and development
                          Company governance             Corporate governance
                          Employee development           Compliant employment
                          Employee development           Employee health and safety
 Highly important issue
                          Employee development           Employee training and development
                          Product responsibility         Responsible marketing
                          Product responsibility         Protection of consumers’ rights and interests
                          Company governance             Fair operations
                          Product responsibility         Information security and privacy protection
                          Product responsibility         Supply chain management
                          Environmental protection       Emissions and wastes management
                          Product responsibility         Protection of intellectual property rights
                          Social responsibility          Healthcare accessibility
                          Environmental protection       Establishment of environmental guidelines and objectives
 Medium important         Environmental protection       Water resources management
 issue                    Environmental protection       Energy management
                          Social responsibility          Promotion of industry progress
                          Employee development           Diversification
                          Employee development           Human rights safeguarding
                          Environmental protection       Greenhouse gas emissions management
                          Environmental protection       Response to climate change
 Ordinary important       Social responsibility          Public service and charitable activities
 issue                    Social responsibility          Community engagement and development
                          Environmental protection       Biodiversity conservation


Based on the assessment results of materiality issues, the Group has prepared the ESG Report to respond to the
above materiality issues in an orderly manner.




                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED   68
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2021
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




     3.     Compliance Operation
     CMS adheres to the compliance operation principle, strictly observes the laws and regulations of the People’s
     Republic of China and other countries and regions where its business operations and investments are located, and
     has an array of internal compliance management policies in place to regulate operations in all aspects. Meanwhile,
     the Group continually enhances its compliance management, vigorously builds a corporate culture of integrity and
     compliance, and refrains from unlawful acts such as bribery, extortion, fraud, money laundering and other forms of
     unfair competition by leveraging the Group’s organization structure that clearly defines rights and responsibilities,
     efficient compliance training and assessment systems, smooth communication and whistle-blowing mechanism, and
     digital technology platform.

                 Table 4 Laws and Regulations and CMS’ Rules and Policies Related to Compliance Operation


             Field                  Major laws and regulations                      CMS’ major rules and policies

                                                                              CMS Anti-fraud Management Policy,
                           Anti-Money Laundering Law of the People’s
                                                                              Employee Code of Professional Ethics,
                           Republic of China, Law of the People’s
                                                                              Budget Management Policy, Procurement
                           Republic of China Against Unfair Competition,
                                                                              Management Policy, Internal Audit Policy,
          Compliance       Criminal Law of the People’s Republic
                                                                              Code of Promotional Conduct, Speaker
           operation       of China, Interim Provisions on Banning
                                                                              Regulations, Code of Management for
                           Commercial Bribery of State Administration
                                                                              Marketing Activities, General Regulation on
                           of Industry and Commerce, Prevention of
                                                                              Marketing Activities, Compliance Performance
                           Bribery Ordinance, etc.
                                                                              Assessment Policy, etc.


     The high standard for business ethics is practiced throughout the Group. A Compliance Management Committee
     has been set up, chaired by Mr. Lam Kong, the Chairman and Chief Executiveof the Group, and composed of
     management of the Group such as Chief Operation Officer, Chief Financial Officer and several directors of the Group.
     The Compliance Management Committee is responsible for overseeing the compliance governance and business
     ethics issues of the Group, and systematically examines the operations and compliance management of the Group
     through meetings to further avoid compliance risks and guarantee efficient and compliance operation of the Group.


     3.1 Anti-corruption Management
     The Group attaches great importance to the anti-corruption management, regarding it as a key part of compliance
     management. The Group has established Employee Code of Professional Ethics, Code of Promotional Conduct,
     CMS Anti-fraud Management Policy, Budget Management Policy, Procurement Management Policy, Internal Audit
     Policy and other regulations and policies, which explicitly require employees not to engage in any improper practices
     such as bribery, corruption, extortion, fraud and money laundering within the Group, or in the interaction with affiliated
     companies, and other stakeholders including the media, governments, distributors, suppliers and medical personnel.
     Any forms of facilitation fees are forbidden as well, for strict adherence to the ethical standards to solidify the
     foundation for compliance operation.




69   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                  Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                          (CONTINUED)




During the Reporting Period, the Group further revises and optimizes the policies on anti-corruption control and
management, refined the operation process and the rewarding and disciplinary mechanism to regulate employees’
conduct. The Group-wide study of the 2021 edition of CMS Anti-fraud Management Policy was conducted from
director to employee level (including interns), covering more than 4,900 employees and the study of anti-fraud policy is
still underway.

The Group has incorporated the anti-corruption training in its regular training system, adding the anti-corruption
content to the compliant marketing training for employees, quarterly training for new recruits, training on expense
reimbursement for employees, supply chain management training and other training courses to thoroughly enhance
employees’ awareness of business ethics and clarify relevant work specifications.

The Group has also constructed an inter-department and multi-dimensional anti-corruption supervision system, and
kept strengthening inter-departmental collaboration to improve the capability of corruption risk prevention and control
within the enterprise. The Compliance Department of the Group is responsible for improving and optimizing the anti-
corruption practice policies, code of conduct and systems, and building a legal and proper framework for compliance
activities; the Audit Department carries out irregular audit to promptly identify and control the compliance risk in the
operation. During the Reporting Period, the Audit Department carried out 7 audit projects relating to anti-corruption
and business ethics at the Group level, identifying relevant risks in each operation activities such as procurement,
marketing and investment, produced audit reports and submitted them to the management for timely control
and management of compliance risks including anti-corruption and business ethics. The Finance and Accounting
Department has developed financial management measures based on the compliance framework to firmly control the
entire process from expense budgeting to reimbursement, and in the meantime, leveraged the digital management
system to enforce the review and process control, enhancing the transparency of expenses and the compliance
of all stages of internal operation; the Legal Department has reviewed all legal documents such as contracts and
agreements in the process of business operation, in order to control and prevent legal risks for the Group. Additionally,
the Group is subject to the special compliance audit conducted by some multinational suppliers every year, and
regularly engages a professional third party to run extra special audit and issue audit report to ensure that the Group’s
operations comply with the suppliers’ high standard compliance requirements.

If it is found and verified after examination that any employee has certain improper behaviours in business, the
promotion of the specific employee will be negatively affected, warning or dismissal will be considered for serious
cases, and if the act constitutes a crime, the specific employee will even be transferred to the judicial authority
for criminal responsibility. In December,2021, the Group promoted all employees to study and sign the CMS Self-
discipline Commitment to keep the employees more alert to commercial bribery and further enhance the anti-
corruption management of the Group. As of 31 December 2021, more than 4,000 employees (including management
and general employees) signed the Commitment and the studying is still underway.




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          70
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2021
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




                                    Table 5 Abstract of the CMS Self-discipline Commitment


      Employee’s commitment:
      •    Strictly abiding by the provisions related to incorruptibility and self-discipline
      •    Properly exercising authority and not using authority to make undue benefit for oneself or a specific related
           other
      •    Not embezzling or occupying the resources of the Group, or leveraging own authority to influence or interfere
           with the Group’s business
      •    Resolutely resisting commercial bribery, not accepting any property from any affiliated units or suppliers
      •    Not offering bribes to or soliciting bribes from any business-related personnel


     Meanwhile, the Group proactively advocates and regulates the suppliers’ business ethical conduct. When signing
     the supply contracts, the suppliers are required to strictly comply with the applicable local laws and regulations,
     including the provisions related to business ethics. During the Reporting Period, the Group initiated the signing of
     Proposal for Suppliers to domestic and overseas suppliers, advocating their adherence to zero tolerance to any forms
     of corruption, extortion or bribery, in an attempt to further build a clean supply chain. While distributing the Proposal
     for Suppliers , the Group constantly gathered the suppliers’ internal policies and regulations on anti-corruption, and
     proactively exchanged anti-corruption management measures and experience with them, with a view to promoting
     communication and sharing of the integrity culture based on transparent, compliant, and ethical business cooperation.
     During the Reporting Period, more than 50% of the suppliers have signed the Proposal for Suppliers (as of 31
     December 2021, the total number of the Group’s suppliers is 151).

                                          Table 6 Abstract of the Proposal for Suppliers


      The Group proposes that suppliers:
      •    Complying with applicable laws, regulations, guidelines, etc. where they operate
      •    Providing quality, safe and effective products and services that meet the quality standards and contractual
           agreements of the countries/regions where they operate
      •    Resolutely resisting bid rigging, bid collusion, accepting of kickbacks and other unfair competition behaviours
      •    Adhering to zero tolerance for any form of corruption, extortion or bribery


     During the Reporting Period, there were no corruption lawsuits against the Group, and the Group did not violate any
     related laws or provisions that significantly impact the Group in the aspects of anti-bribery, extortion, fraud and money
     laundering.




71   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                 Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                      (CONTINUED)




3.2 Compliant Marketing and Promotion
The Group implements the concepts of compliance in its marketing and promotional activities, sticking to stringent
standard of business ethics and professional way of act, and practices responsible marketing and sales during the
interactions with medical and healthcare professionals as well as medical institutions. The Group has developed a
complete and clear compliant marketing management system, including several important elements such as compliance
rules and regulations, compliance team, compliance training, compliance monitoring and assessment, compliance
communication and complaint/appeal, to regulate the marketing and promotional conduct via an all-round system. In
addition, the Group has a Compliance Department that exercises multi-dimensional control over promotional behaviours
to support the full implementation of the compliant marketing system, in order to eliminate corruption and bribery.

Marketing Compliance Regulations and Policies
The Group has established the comprehensive internal promotion compliance system and standard procedures
in accordance with the laws and industry norms, and made timely updates and modifications with the changes in
relevant regulations and norms, to provide guidance for its compliant marketing promotion activities. The Group’s
compliance policies and regulations, including CMS Anti-fraud Management Policy, Compliance Performance
Assessment Policy, Employee Code of Professional Ethics and Code of Promotional Conduct , have provided a sound
basis for the implementation of the marketing compliance management. Moreover, the Group has formulated complete
standard operation manuals for marketing, including General Regulation on Marketing Activities, Code of Management
for Marketing Activities, Speaker Regulations , and Code for Reimbursement of Regional and Headquarters Activity
Expenses , to further specify the work processes and requirements for promotional activities, and mitigate compliance
risks in a systematic manner.

Marketing Compliance Promotion and Training
The Group sets responsible marketing and promotion as a key concern in the promotion and training activities for
employees. By means of timely, diverse, accessible and understandable communication and training activities,
the employees’ awareness and understanding of the importance of responsible marketing and relevant codes are
strengthened.

The Group has launched several online compliance windows to promote compliance regularly and timely, ensuring the
management and employees are fully aware of the Group’s compliant marketing requirements in time. Furthermore,
the Group periodically organizes various online and offline compliance trainings. During the Reporting Period, the
Group ran the compliance training for a total of 15 times targeting the management and/or academic marketing
personnel of the Group.




                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        72
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2021
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




     The contents of the compliance promotion and training include but not limited to:

     •      Holding monthly compliance communication meeting with the promotion team, presenting and elaborating the
            latest performance and key points of compliance management
     •      Publishing, sharing and interpreting compliance policies on the Group’s internal digital communication
            platform on a monthly basis, to facilitate the learning of the latest compliance policies for the management and
            employees;
     •      Setting the “I want to ask a compliance question” column to provide an open channel for employees to ask
            compliance-related questions, which will be responded by the Compliance Department within a week. The
            corresponding responses to employees key concerns are published on the internal digital platform;
     •      Organizing monthly compliance induction training and quiz for new employees, with the quiz results linked
            to the annual incentive to and appraisal of the promotion team, to enhance the employees’ emphasis on
            compliance;
     •      Before and after a new regulation or policy is issued, promptly providing training and directions by means of
            video teaching, and requiring employees to pass related test, making sure they are familiar with and have a
            good command of the relevant regulation and policy.

     Marketing Compliance Monitoring and Assessment
     To strengthen employees’ awareness of compliance and the management’s engagement and control, the Compliance
     Department routinely conducts due diligence, unannounced inspection, compliance review of academic promotion
     activities, etc.; and regularly conducts special spot check, review of marketing vendor, and verification of information
     authenticity, etc. It produces monthly analysis, examination and assessment reports and the reports are submitted
     to the management on a regular basis. In addition, the Finance and Accounting Department of the Group scrutinizes
     the compliance of marketing activities from the perspective of the expense reimbursement by checking the related
     contracts, site photos, invoices and other vouchers. The Audit Department also carries out irregular audits of
     marketing activities, verifying the compliance of expenses incurrence, to further reinforce the compliance supervision.

     Moreover, the Group has established the Compliance Performance Assessment Policy that takes marketing
     compliance into considerations of the promotion personnel’s performance assessment. Therefore, if it is confirmed
     that any employee breaches the regulations, the employee’s bonus and promotion will be negatively affected, and
     dismissal will apply in serious cases. In order to show that the compliance assessment is originally intended for
     education instead of penalty, the Group builds a bonus pool with the fines related to compliance to award compliance
     outperformers, with an aim to provide positive guidance and encouragement. During the Reporting Period, the Group
     further improved the Compliance Performance Assessment Policy by refining the rules for punishing incompliant
     marketing activity and optimizing the process for employee appeal, to help achieve fairer and more effective
     compliance assessment management.




73   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                     (CONTINUED)




Marketing Compliance Communication, Complaint/Appeal
The Group has a Compliance Management Committee chaired by Mr. Lam Kong, the Chairman and Chief Executive
of the Group. Compliance Management Committee assesses the current situation of the Group’s compliance
management, optimize proposals, form resolutions and follow up their progress. Additionally, the Group has regional
compliance teams made up of regional managers and compliance specialists in all business regions to enhance the
efficiency of compliance information delivery and communication through a dedicated team. Moreover, the Group has
launched an open and transparent complaint and appeal system, by which all employees can communicate with and
lodge complaints and appeals to the Compliance Department, the compliance teams, and the management of the
Group via email, telephone, internal communication system, and other channels.


3.3 Whistleblowing Management
The Group maintains a strict and complete whistleblowing system, and continuously expands the reporting channels
and refines the handling process. During the Reporting Period, the Group newly established a website reporting
channel to improve the reporting accessibility for the general public. The Groups further refined the CMS Anti-fraud
Management Policy, specifying the reporting channels, handling process and whistleblower protection provisions to
ensure all complaints are duly handled.



                           • Telephone: 0755-82416868 ext. Compliance Department
                           • Email: compliance@cms.net.cn
                           • WeChat official account: CMS00867
                           • Mailing Address: Compliance Department, 6F, Block B, Majialong Chuangxin
                             Building, 198 Daxin Road, Nanshan District, Shenzhen, Guangdong Province,
                             China, 518052
                           • Website: www.cms.net.cn



                                         Figure 4 Main Reporting Channels




                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED      74
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2021
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




     3.3.1 Complaint Process
     The Group has established a structured reporting handling processes, and explained and clarified the processes
     including but not limited to complaint acceptance, handling, results notification, and appeal in the CMS Anti-fraud
     Management Policy.


                       The Group accepts various forms of real-name or anonymous reporting, makes and retains
       Acceptance      records of complaint and proof information accurately and completely during the process of
                       acceptance.


                       After a complaint is accepted, the content of the complaint and related information will be
                       verified and evaluated. If the reporting content is eligible for case opening, investigators will be
                       appointed according to the position of the person being reported against, and the investigation
                       results be recorded and analyzed. By the avoidance principle, the person being reported against
        Handling
                       shall not participate in the anti-fraud investigation against him/her as an investigator. Once
                       verified, the investigation records will be submitted to the management members for review. The
                       reporting case will be dealt with exactly in line with the Group’s evaluation results, followed by
                       announcement within the Group.


                       Within 3 working days after the case is handled, a reply on the handling progress and results will
                       be given to the whistle-blower in spoken or written, or by other proper forms. The whistle-blower
       Notification
                       has the right to ask the Group about the complaint handling progress and the reporting handling
                       personnel shall reply in a timely manner.


                       If an employee believes that his/her legal rights and interests are harmed, he/she will have the
         Appeal
                       right to make an appeal to the relevant department of the Company and request for a solution.


                       Anti-fraud personnel shall keep properly all the documents throughout the process of the
       Archives        acceptance, registration, investigation and reporting of the whistleblowing complaint. After the
      management       end of the whistleblowing examination / investigation, the relevant whistleblowing materials shall
                       be collected as confidential documents.


                                             Figure 5 Reporting Handling Process




75   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                   Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                           (CONTINUED)




3.3.2 Whistleblower Protection
The Group provides all-round protection of whistleblowers, taking all reasonable means to keep whistleblowers
from any harm. The CMS Anti-fraud Management Policy has clearly stated that anonymous reports are allowed,
the whistleblower’s personal information and reporting materials shall be kept confidential, and the whistleblower’s
identity shall not be disclosed without the whistleblower’s consent. In the case that any complaint handlers violate the
whistleblower protection provisions including intentionally disclosing the whistleblower’s information or the reporting
content, or reacting negatively or refusing to respond to the reasonable protection request made by the whistleblower
for being afraid of being/having been taken revenge on or treated unfairly, the whistleblower may directly report that
to the Board of Directors or the Board of Supervisors of the Group. The Group will take disciplinary actions against
the violator. Moreover, if any employee harasses or harms the whistleblower, such act will be deemed as serious
misconduct, and will be dealt with severely once confirmed.


4.     Product Liability
The Group takes “offering competitive products and services to meet China’s unmet medical needs” as its mission,
upholds the policy of “continuous improvement, quality first”, puts a high value on product liability, and strictly abides
by applicable national laws and regulations in terms of product and service quality, marketing compliance, privacy
protection, pharmacovigilance, protection of intellectual property rights, etc.

The Group has established a complete internal product quality management system that covers the entire process
from clinical research and development, registration and evaluation, manufacture management, launch and
medication, post-approval supervision up to product phase-out. The Group applies the digital drug tracing and
pharmacovigilance system throughout the product life cycle to guarantee the proper implementation of the product
liability system, to comprehensively control over product quality and prevent safety related risks, in order to guard the
health of Chinese people with accessible, affordable and reliable drugs.

During the Reporting Period, the Group did not violate any applicable laws or provisions that significantly impact the
Group in health and safety, advertising, labels, privacy, intellectual property rights for its products and services.




                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          76
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2021
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




                           Table 7 Laws, Regulations and CMS’ Rules and Policies Related to Product Liability


            Field                      Major laws and regulations                               CMS’ major rules and policies

                             The Drug Administration Law of the People’s          Quality Risk Management Policy, Internal Audit Management
                             Republic of China, Regulations for                   Policy of Quality Management System, Regulations on Drug
                             Implementation on Drug Administration Law of         Procurement, Regulations on Drug Check and Acceptance,
                             the People’s Republic of China,                      Regulations on Drug Maintenance, Regulations on
                             Provision for Drug Registration, Good                Purchaser’ Qualification Review, Management Procedures
                             Manufacture Practice of Pharmaceutical               for Production Process, Regulations on Drug Storage,
                             Products, Measures for the Supervision and           Derivation Management Procedures, Alteration Management
         Product and
                             Administration of Pharmaceutical Production,         Procedures, Management Procedures for Corrective and
        service quality
                             Provisions for Supervision of Circulation of         Preventive Measures, Regulations on Quality Responsibility,
                             Pharmaceuticals, Good Supply Practice of             Management Procedures for Unqualified Product, Regulations
                             Pharmaceutical Products, Administrative              on Drug Transportation, Regulations on Warehouse Fire
                             Measures for the Import of Drugs, Good               Safety Management, Regulations on Inspection, Maintenance
                             Supply Practice of Medical Devices, Law of the       and Servicing of Equipment and Facilities, Drug Traceability
                             People’s Republic of China on Safeguarding the       Management System, etc.
                             Consumer Rights and Interests , etc.

                             The Advertising Law of the People’s Republic of      Code of Promotional Conduct, Regulations on Drug Sale,
                             China, Interim Measures on the                       Regulations on Label Control, Regulations on Speakers,
                             Examination and Administration of Advertisement      Code of Management for Marketing Activities, Code for
         Marketing,          for Drugs, Medical Devices, Health Foods and         Management of Academic Promotion Materials, Promotion
       advertising, and      Foods for Special Medical Purposes, Provisions       Auxiliaries and Medical Items, Regulations on Advertisement,
          labelling          for Drug Insert Sheets and Labels , etc.             Operating Procedures for Advertisement Review, Regulations
                                                                                  on Academic Promotion Materials, Operating Procedures
                                                                                  for Design, Review and Approval of Printing and Packaging
                                                                                  Materials, etc.


                             Civil Code of the People’s Republic of China,        Employee Code of Professional Ethics, CMS Code of Conduct,
                             Personal Information Protection Law of the           CMS Confidentiality Regulations, Regulations on Information
                             People’s Republic of China, Cyber Security Law       Security Management, Management Procedures for Clinical
      Privacy protection     of the People’s Republic of China, Personal Data     Research , etc.
                             (Privacy) Ordinance (Law of Hong Kong Chapter
                             486), Good Clinical Practice , etc.


                             Good Pharmacovigilance Practice, Measures            Regulations on Drug Safety Information Management,
                             for Reporting and Monitoring of Adverse              Operating Procedures for Drug Safety Report Handling,
                             Drug Reactions, Guide for Reporting and              Operating Procedures for Medical Information Consultation
                             Monitoring of Adverse Drug Reactions (for Trial      and Processing, Operating Procedures for Pharmacovigilance
                             Implementation), Standard and Procedure for          System,Operating Procedures for Regular Safety Reporting
                             Rapid Reporting of Safety Data During Drug           Management, Operating Procedures for Group Adverse
      Pharmacovigilance      Clinical Trials, E2B (R2) Technical Specifications   Events Caused by Products, Operating Procedures for Drug
      and product recall     for Safety Message Processing and Individual         Safety Signal Detection, Operating Procedures for Document
                             Case Safety Reports, Administrative Measures         Retrieval for Product Safety Information, Operating Procedures
                             for Drug Recalls , etc.                              for Product Safety Event Handling Plan, Pharmacovigilance
                                                                                  Continuity Plan, Operating Procedures for Pharmacovigilance
                                                                                  Corrective and Preventive Measures, Regulations on Drug
                                                                                  Recall, Operating Procedures for Drug Recall , etc.



         Intellectual        The Patent Law of the People’s Republic of           CMS Intellectual Property Management Policy, CMS Anti-fraud
         properties          China, the Trademark Law of the People’s             Management Policy, CMS Code of Trademark Use , etc.
         protection          Republic of China , etc.




77   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                   Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                           (CONTINUED)




4.1 Quality of Product and Service
The finished drugs promoted and sold by the Group are mainly manufactured in countries of manufacturing origins
(the suppliers) such as Germany, Denmark, the United Kingdom and France. Pharmaceutical manufacturers in regions
or countries such as Europe and the United States have stricter code for quality management and higher quality
standards. A small fraction of the rest products are self-produced (during the Reporting Period, the sales contribution
from self-produced products only accounted for around 2.9% of the Group’s turnover in the case that all medicines
were directly sold by the Group). All drugs promoted and sold by the Group have been registered and approved by
NMPA. The subsidiaries with their core business in pharmaceutical promotions and sales have strictly complied with
Good Supply Practice of Pharmaceutical Products (GSP) and passed the relevant inspection, and the subsidiaries
with their core business in pharmaceutical manufacturing have strictly complied with Good Manufacture Practice of
Pharmaceutical Products (GMP) and passed the relevant inspection.

Meanwhile, the Group provides regular trainings on product quality and safety management for employees involved
in drug development and research, production and operation annually, including but not limited to relevant laws and
regulations, professional knowledge and skills, quality management system documents, etc.


4.1.1 Product Quality and Safety
For self-produced products, the Group has strict selection criteria for material suppliers and classifies suppliers
according to the importance of materials. Material suppliers, which have important impact on drug quality and
medication safety, are required to undergo on-site inspection and audit at least once a year. In addition, the Group
carefully inspects incoming materials, including checking information, sampling according to Sampling Management
Procedures and testing before putting them into use. Meanwhile, to comprehensively guarantee the quality of
production materials, the Group has built a traceable material information database for relevant processes and has
dedicated personnel to conduct filing management. For finished products, the Group inspects each batch to ensure
the products are qualified and well-packed before entering the market. For specific products, samples are taken
strictly according to national standards to test stability before outbound delivery, to ensure that products quality align
with national standards. The Group also regularly checks the status of production equipment, strictly records the
production parameters and the operation process, and has dedicated personnel to monitor the entire manufacturing
process.

For imported drug products, including the first imported batch of drugs, biological products, products of standard
change or manufacture process alteration and when the company deems necessary, strict inspections are carried out
by official professional institutions in accordance with the requirements of national regulations and Import inspection
Report shall be issued. The Quality Management Department of the Group conducts the inspection as per GSP
requirements once the imported drug products and domestic drug products arrive, and examines the inspection
reports(such as Import Inspection Report and/or Inspection Report of Manufacturer) to ensure quality compliance with
national requirements. If any product is found to be unqualified, the Group will process in accordance with Unqualified
Product Management Procedure and timely report in writing. If the products are confirmed as unqualified, the Storage
and Logistics Department will transfer the products to the “unqualified zone” for the separate storage. And these
products will be recalled and returned to the supplier, or applied to be discarded or destroyed if necessary.




                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          78
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2021
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




     The Group attaches great importance to the storage and warehousing safety of drugs, and has 25 warehouses
     with well-equipped storage facilities. The Group has formulated Regulations on Drug Storage and Regulations on
     Warehouse Handling Area Working Safety Management to specify the drug warehousing process and handling
     requirements. The Group has also formulated Regulations on Warehouse Hygiene, Regulations on Warehouse
     Fire Safety Management, Regulations on Inspection, Maintenance and Servicing of Equipment and Facilities and
     Regulations on Drug Maintenance to specify the warehouse hygiene conditions, fire safety management, equipment
     maintenance and drug maintenance. The Group has drug maintenance personnel in the warehouse to constantly
     monitor the equipment and the storage condition of the drugs, and quarterly summarize and analyse the drug storage
     and warehousing status.

     The Group has formulated the Drug Traceability Management System and established a complete product information
     database with the electronic trace code and the digital system conforming with GSP requirements. The electronic
     trace code of the drug packaging box, which provides a unique traceable marker for the minimum packaging unit,
     realizes the information-based traceability of the minimum packaging unit of drugs. Meanwhile, in order to satisfy the
     business development needs, the Group continuously optimizes the digital system, further providing more effective
     and comprehensive quality control support for the drug procurement, storage, sale, transportation, and others.

     In addition, the Group has Regulations on Internal Audit of Quality Management System and Operating Procedures
     for Internal Audit of Quality Management System in place to conduct the self-inspection and audit of all parts of the
     quality management system, and rectify the defects found in the internal audit annually. Meanwhile, the Group actively
     embraces routine inspections and rectification suggestions from external regulators, and effectively promotes the
     implementation and timely completion of the improvement plan.


     4.1.2 Product Labelling, Marketing and Advertising
     On the basis of complying with the national laws and regulations, the Group practices responsible marketing, and has
     formulated a series of internal regulations and codes of promotional conduct, such as Regulations on Advertisement,
     Operating Procedures for Advertisement Review, Code of Promotional Conduct, Regulations on Speakers, Code of
     Management for Marketing Activities, Code for Management of Product Academic Promotion Materials, Promotion
     Auxiliaries and Medical Items , to strictly prohibit any promotion that overstates the drug efficacy and etc. Various
     internal policies stipulate that the drug promotion materials shall be accurate, objective, fair and complete, timely reflect
     the updated drug information and shall be consistent with the information approved by national regulatory authorities.
     The promotional materials shall not be effective until they are submitted by the product team of the Marketing
     Department to the head of Marketing Department for approval, and their academic accuracy shall be examined and
     approved by multiple levels of responsible persons from the Medical Department of the Group. The Group also has
     set the Provisions for Label Control and Management and Operating Procedures for Design, Review and Approval
     of Printing and Packaging Materials to ensure that drug classification and packaging labelling comply with laws and
     regulations and the approval documents of regulatory authorities, and used anti-counterfeiting marks on the labels to
     solidify the foundation for responsible marketing. In addition, the Group rigorously abides by the publication rules of
     academic promotion advertisement, applies for advertising approval from relevant government departments according
     to law, and publishes the approved advertisements in professional magazines designated by the NMPA.




79   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                 Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                         (CONTINUED)




4.1.3 Product Complaints
Oriented with creating value for customers, the Group has established a complete customer complaint handling
system. For that, the Group has formed the Regulations on Quality Complaints and Operating Procedures for Quality
Complaints to specify the processes of receiving and handling customer complaints, communication and feedback,
providing overall guidance for efficient handling of after-sales complaints.

The Group offers diverse customer complaining and reporting channels, including telephone, fax, email, official
website, etc. After receiving quality complaints, the employee of the Group shall collect relevant materials as much
as possible, and transfer complaints to the Quality Management Department of the Group in time via internal
communication methods. After receiving complaints, the Quality Management Department will timely record relevant
information into the system and handle the complaints hierarchically. Through the investigation and evaluation, follow-
up handling, timely feedback, subsequent tracking and archiving and filing and other processing procedures, the
problems verification, effective handling and timely feedback can be realised.


                                                                                       Handing over adverse
                                                                                       reactions/events and other
                                                                                       safety information inquiries
                                                                                       to the Pharmacovigilance
                                                                                       Department to handle by
                                                                                       following the standardised
                                                                                       operation procedure




                                            Documenting the complaints
                                                                                       Verifying the quality problems
                                            in the system within a
  The Group receives quality                                                           via investigation to locate
                                            business day and classifying
  complaints and consolidates                                                          their source, sending the
                                            whether they are quality
  them to the Quality                                                                  production related problems
                                            issues or potential adverse
  Management Department                                                                back to the manufacturer for
                                            reactions/events or other
                                                                                       further investigation
                                            safety information inquiries




                                                                                       Proposing solutions, and
                                                                                       replying to complainants
  Carrying out annual
                                                                                       about the investigation via
  summary and analysis of                   Following up on the
                                                                                       written reply, telephone,
  the complaints to facilitate              complaints and solutions
                                                                                       verbal expression, email,
  process optimization
                                                                                       special visits, entrusting
                                                                                       relevant people to handle, etc.


                                   Figure 6 Customer Complaint Handling Process




                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         80
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2021
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




     During the Reporting Period, the Group’s product and service quality data is shown below:

                                 Table 8 Product and Service Quality Related Complaints data


                                                                                                Unit          Year 2021
      Number of product and service related complaints                                        number              160
      Response and handling rate for product and service quality related complaints              %                100


     4.2 Pharmacovigilance and Product Recall
     The Group stresses on the establishment and optimisation of pharmacovigilance and product recall mechanism. The
     Group has established a comprehensive pharmacovigilance and product recall management system, operational
     procedures and handling plans in accordance with regulations, industry guidelines and other requirements, so as to
     fully deploy and implement quality and safety assessment, risk identification and control throughout the product life
     cycle from clinical researching to post-marketing.


     4.2.1 Pharmacovigilance
     After being informed of adverse reactions/events and other safety information on a product, the Pharmacovigilance
     Department of the Group will follow the Group’s Operating Procedures for Safety Report Handling for Drugs to timely
     and truthfully record them using the digital pharmacovigilance system, investigate, analyse, assess and summarise
     the adverse reactions/events and other safety information, and then report them to the regulatory authorities in
     accordance with regulatory requirements. Moreover, the Pharmacovigilance Department of the Group also proactively
     collects adverse reaction information on products by various means, such as the official adverse event reporting
     channel, communicating with practitioners in medical institutions and third-party professional institutions, and
     consulting academic literature.

     The Group regularly assesses safety risks of products, including drugs approved for clinical trials and authorized
     for marketing in China, and generates the Periodic Safety Update report or Development Safety Update Report . In
     addition, the Group regulates the emergency plan for drug safety event according to the Operating Procedures for
     Product Safety Event Handling Plan , timely monitors, evaluates and controls potential risks, and takes immediate
     and effective measures to deal with the risk once it is identified to prevent further damage. In addition, the Group
     maintains close communication with domestic and overseas drug/medical device marketing authorization holders and
     other related partners as well as relevant regulatory authorities to further supervise the continuous improvement of the
     Group’s pharmacovigilance and quality system, ensuring the medication safety of patients.




81   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                            (CONTINUED)




                                                                                               Submitting reports to
                                                                The Pharmacovigilance          domestic and overseas
                                                                Department is responsible      regulators;
                                                                for call-back, assisting in
                                                                follow-up investigation;       Submitting the reports
                                 All employees shall report
                                                                                               to domestic or overseas
                                 the relevant information
                                                                For quality complaints,        partners or drug
                                 to the Pharmacovigilance
                                                                if any, submitting to the      marketing authorization
   Adverse reactions/            Department as per the
                                                                Quality Management             holders as required by
   events and other              principle of “immediate
                                                                Department for further         the safety data exchange
   safety information are        reporting in case of
                                                                handling;                      protocol;
   collected by a designated     suspicion”;
   fulltime employee of
                                                                Activating an emergency        Taking immediate and
   the Pharmacovigilance         Reports obtained from
                                                                plan in the event of a         effective measures based
   Department                    other sources are handled
                                                                major safety incident;         on the procedure in case
                                 in accordance with
                                                                                               of a major safety event/
                                 relevant processes and
                                                                Evaluating relevant            major change in safety
                                 timelines
                                                                reports in a hierarchical      information;
                                                                manner in compliance
                                                                with applicable laws and       Regularly assessing and
                                                                regulations                    controlling the risks of the
                                                                                               Group’s products




                                  Figure 7 Adverse Reaction/Event Handling Process

4.2.2 Product Recall
The Group has formed relatively complete and mature recall mechanisms and operating procedures, including
Regulations on Drug Recall and Operating Procedures for Drug Recall . If any hidden safety hazard occurs to products,
the Group will immediately initiate the recall process. The relevant departments and subsidiaries of the Group regularly
hold mock recall drills to ensure effective recall of defective products in the shortest time in case of an emergency, so
as to protect customers’ rights and interests.




                                                                                CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         82
                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2021
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




                                                                                                   Fully notifying all relevant
      Building a recall work         Drafting a drug recall         Issuing a Drug Recall          units and individuals
      team                           plan                           Notice                         that may be involved in
                                                                                                   the use of drugs


                                                                                                   Submitting the relevant
      Making unified and                                            Transporting back the
                                     Sealing the inventory                                         documents to the
      isolated storage                                              circulated products
                                                                                                   regulatory authorities



      Conducting a
                                     Conducting a full-             Making a written
      comprehensive
                                     process investigation          summary
      inspection


                                                   Figure 8 Drug Recall Process

     During the Reporting Period, the Group did not receive any sold or delivered product recalls due to safety and health
     issues.


     4.3 Privacy Protection and Information Security
     The Group attaches great importance to privacy rights of consumers and protects the privacy information of
     customers and other stakeholders in accordance with related laws and regulations as well as applicable contracts.
     The Group has formed the Employee Code of Professional Ethics, CMS Code of Conduct, CMS Confidentiality
     Regulations and other rules and policies to clarify the privacy and confidentiality principle of the third parties, and
     require all employees to maintain strict confidentiality of the privacy information of consumers.

     The Group has established an authorization mechanism for customer data access, requiring employees to inquire
     and maintain customer data with limited authorization. unauthorized employees have no access, export or copy any
     customer information. In addition, the Group has signed confidentiality agreements with all its employees to convey
     and emphasize the importance of confidentiality duties and the legal consequences of breach, with a view to further
     enhance employees’ awareness of confidentiality.

     Meanwhile, the Group sets the Regulations on Information Security Management to ensure the implementation of
     information security work. The Information Technology Management Department exercises comprehensive and
     systematic management of the information and network environment of the Group through internal document
     separation, document encryption, regular self-inspection, external professional third-party evaluation and other
     methods. During the Reporting Period, the Group organised annual information security training for employees to
     further standardise employees’ computer and network operations, upgrade their ability to prevent and respond to
     information security incidents, and better prevent information security incidents such as leakage of private information.

     Besides, the Group explicitly requires the digital pharmacovigilance system supplier and other suppliers who may
     have access to consumers’ privacy information to strictly safeguard the privacy rights of consumers through signing
     contracts and agreements.



83   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                   Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                            (CONTINUED)




4.4 Improvement of Healthcare Accessibility
The Group attaches great importance to the health needs of Chinese people, and proactively invests in and deploys
products globally aimed at meeting relatively large clinical needs, in an effort to provide safe, effective, accessible and
affordable treatment options for patients in different regions, of different ages and suffering from different diseases.
In addition, the Group proactively disseminates health knowledge and improve public health awareness in various
approaches, such as publishing general science articles of disease knowledge and setting up the “Disease Science
Popularization” column through official channels of the Group, making contribution to improving the accessibility of
disease knowledge to the public.

The Group’s existing products cover multiple specialist fields, including cardio-cerebrovascular, digestion,
ophthalmology, dermatology, paediatrics, etc., all of which have sufficient evidence-based medical evidence, good
reputation, relatively low daily treatment cost and high cost-effectiveness and are sold in China after fair pricing
through regional bidding procedures. In addition, as of 31 December 2021, among the Group’s 9 core products
available in market, 7 were included in the National Reimbursement Drug List and 2 were included in National Essential
Drug List, which effectively relieved the burden on patients and guaranteed fair accessibility for the general public. In
the meantime, the Group lays emphasis on the expansion and penetration of the county-level and lower-tier markets,
striving to improve the accessibility of medical products in the entire country and economically backward areas. As of
31 December 2021, the Group’s business covered about 50,000 hospitals/medical institutions and more than 200,000
drugstores in China.

The Group actively deploys clinically needed drugs globally and also pays attention to orphan drugs. As of 31
December 2021, the group had Tetrabenazine Tablets for the rare disease Huntington’s Disease. Moreover, capitalizing
on its own advantageous resources and capabilities, the Group has successfully deployed nearly 30 innovative pipeline
products with differentiated clinical advantages through collaborative innovative research. The New Drug Applications
of 3 innovative products had been accepted in China during the Reporting Period, including Diazepam Nasal Spray,
Tildrakizumab Solution for Injection, and Methotrexate Injection, Pre-filled Syringe (psoriasis).

                Table 9 Innovate Products Whose New Drug Application Has Been Accepted in China


     Innovative Product                                            Main Advantages

                                 The only FDA-approved spray product for acute repetitive seizures in patients aged
                                 6 and above; once approved in China, it will become a first-aid medicine for epileptic
 Diazepam Nasal Spray
                                 seizures that is safe and convenient to use outside the medical setting and has a
                                 very rapid onset of action for Chinese child and adult patients

 Tildrakizumab Solution for      It is expected to provide the most cost-effective monoclonal antibody treatment
 Injection                       option for patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis

                                 It is expected to be the first methotrexate pre-filled injection for the treatment of
 Methotrexate Injection, Pre-    psoriasis by subcutaneous administration in China, fulfilling the medication needs for
 filled Syringe (Psoriasis)      basic treatment of psoriasis patients. This drug is included in the Urgently Needed
                                 Drug List in China as an urgently needed clinical drug with short supply.




                                                                               CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          84
                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2021
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




     With a view to speeding up clinical research on innovative products, ensuring the compliance and effectiveness of
     clinical researches and enabling patients to use more affordable and high-quality innovative drugs as early as possible,
     the Group has established Regulations on Clinical Research Management , clarifying the operation specification in the
     entire process of clinical trials of drugs, and integrating quality management control in every step of clinical research.
     Besides, all human clinical trials of the Group have passed the ethical review as required by law and follow the ethical
     principles in the Declaration of Helsinki . Before participating in a clinical trial, all subjects are required to sign the
     Informed Consent Form of Subjects which clearly stipulates that they shall have the right to be informed and the right
     to choose, and that they can refuse or withdraw from the clinical trial at any time, thereby protecting their rights and
     interests.

     During the Reporting Period, the Group’s R&D expenditures was RMB 739.3 million (including capitalized and
     expensed expenditure), accounting for 8.0% of its turnover. In the future, the Group will further improve clinical
     efficiency, and deploy more innovative drugs in China and overseas to improve patients’ access to innovative drugs
     with real clinical value.


     4.5 Protection of Intellectual Properties Rights
     The Group focuses on the protection of independent intellectual property rights and regards intellectual property rights
     as important corporate assets, including but not limited to trademarks, patents, confidential information, production
     know-how, etc. The Group has formulated and announced CMS Intellectual Property Management Policy in February,
     2022 to regulate daily maintenance, risk identification and dispute management of intellectual property rights, so as
     to build a solid foundation for the management of intellectual property rights. Meanwhile, the Group has created an
     internal document database of intellectual property rights, covering the Group’s trademarks, patents, copyrights, etc.

     The Group manages intellectual property rights throughout the product life cycle, and comprehensively investigates,
     evaluates and analyses potential intellectual property risks in product introduction, research, registration, promotion
     and sales. In addition, the Group also expressly forbids employees to disclose corporate trade or technical secrets in
     CMS Anti-fraud Management Policy , and opens reporting channels such as email, telephone and official website to
     the public. If any suspected infringement on intellectual property rights is found, the Legal Department of the Group
     will protect the Group’s legitimate rights and interests by using administrative and judicial ways as appropriate, and
     document the process of defence.

     While protecting its own intellectual property rights, the Group respects and safeguards all intellectual property
     rights related to the corporate business and the interests of their owners. In strict compliance with relevant laws and
     regulations, the Group requires all its employees to use trademarks and patents of others for business activities with
     legal authorization, so as to avoid infringing on the intellectual property rights of others.


     5.     People-oriented Practice
     Based on the concept of “strivers-oriented”, the Group regards employees as its most valuable assets. The Group
     strictly abides by relevant national laws and regulations, and continues to optimise human resource management
     system and policies concerning employment compliance, employees’ rights and interests and occupational health
     and safety. The Group has established a well-developed human resource management framework to comprehensively
     support the Group’s needs for talent management; meanwhile, by coordinating and guiding the human resource
     management of each subsidiary from the perspective of the headquarters, the Group ensures smooth development of
     its overall human resource management.

85   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                 Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                        (CONTINUED)




The Group adheres closely to relevant national laws and regulations and its internal rules and policies in terms of
employment, occupational health and safety, and employees’ rights and interests, including but not limited to those
listed in the following table. During the Reporting Period, the Group did not violate any applicable law and regulation
that have significant impact on the Group.

        Table 10 Laws and Regulations and CMS’ Rules and Policies Related to Responsibilities to Employees


      Field                   Major laws and regulations                       CMS’ major rules and policies
                   The Labor Law of the People’s Republic of China,       Human Resource Policy, CMS Employee
                   Labor Contract Law of the People’s Republic            Manual, Rewarding Measures for Internal
                   of China, Employment Promotion Law of the              and External Talent Recommendation,
                   People’s Republic of China, Regulations on the         Regulations on Holiday Management,
  Employees’       Implementation of the Labor Contract Law of the        Internal Trainer Management Policy,
    rights         People’s Republic of China, Social Insurance Law       Provision on Employee Training Process,
 and interests     of the People’s Republic of China, Minimum Wage        Personnel Management Policy, etc.
                   Provisions, Regulations of the State Council on the
                   Hours of Work of Employees, Special Rules on the
                   Labor Protection of Female Employees, etc.

                   The Special Rules on the Protection of Juvenile        Measures for Recruitment Management,
                   Workers, Provisions on the Prohibition of Child        Social Recruitment Practice Manual,
  Employment       Labor, Law of the People’s Republic of China on the    Campus Recruitment Practice Manual,
  compliance       Protection of Minors, etc.                             Measures for Background Check
                                                                          Management, Personnel Management
                                                                          Policy, etc.

                   The Work Safety Law of the People’s Republic of        Provisions on Production Safety, Employee
                   China, Law of the People’s Republic of China on        Health Management Procedure, Fire
 Occupational      Prevention and Control of Occupational Diseases,       Safety Management Policy, Regulations
  health and       Regulations on Work-Related Injury Insurances,         on Governing Safety Prevention
    safety         Regulations on Occupational Safety and Health,         Responsibility, Emergency Plan, Office
                   Regulations on the Reporting, Investigation and        Building Emergency Plan, Provisions on
                   Disposition of Work Safety Accidents, etc.             Workplace Safety Management, etc.




                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         86
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2021
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




     5.1 Employment Compliance
     5.1.1 Legal and Compliant Employment
     The Group strictly abides by national laws and regulations and its internal relevant rules and policies, and sticks to
     legal and compliant employment. The Group follows the procedures for signing, amending, revoking or terminating
     the labour contracts with all employees, and highlights that employment relationship must be based on the principles
     of legality, fairness, honesty, mutual consent and willingness. Moreover, the Group has established Human Resource
     Policy, Personnel Management Policy and Measures for Background Check Management to standardise processes
     of employees’ background check, on-boarding, dismission and file management. The Personnel Management Policy
     expressly stipulates “prohibition of child labour/forced labour”, requiring the Human Resource Department to ensure
     that candidates’ identities are true and valid and meet legal employment requirement, by means of inquiry, information
     verification and candidate’s confirmation signature during the recruitment process, with an aim to eliminate child labour
     and forced labour. If any violation such as child labour or forced labour is found, the employment will be invalid, the
     labour contract will be immediately rescinded, and the payable wages and other remuneration prescribed by law will
     be paid. In addition, the relevant responsible persons will be punished according to the severity of the circumstances.

     During the Reporting Period, the Group employed no child labour or forced labour.

     The Group’s employment and turnover data in 2021 is shown below:

                                                Table 11 Employment Information


         Category                                      Indicator                                      Unit       Year 2021
           Overall       Total number of employees                                                  Person         5,292
                         - Number of male employees                                                 Person         2,444
                         - Number of female employees                                               Person         2,848
      By gender and
                         - Number of employees in mid-level and senior management                   Person          141
         position
                           - Number of male employees in mid-level and senior management            Person           97
                           - Number of female employees in mid-level and senior management          Person           44

        By types of      - Number of contracted employees                                           Person         5,292
        employment       - Number of dispatched employees                                           Person           0
                         - Number of employees aged under 30                                        Person         2,108
          By age         - Number of employees aged 30-50                                           Person         3,021
                         - Number of employees aged over 50                                         Person          163
                         - Number of Mainland China employees                                       Person         5,244
       By geography
                         - Number of HK, Macao, Taiwan and overseas employees                       Person           48




87   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                    Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                            (CONTINUED)




                                               Table 12 Employee Turnover


    Category                                       Indicator                                       Unit        Year 2021
     Overall        Turnover rate of employees                                                       %            17.8
                     - Turnover rate of male employees                                               %            17.8
    By gender
                     - Turnover rate of female employees                                             %            17.8
                     - Turnover rate of employees aged under 30                                      %            22.3
     By age          - Turnover rate of employees aged 30-50                                         %            15.3
                     - Turnover rate of employees aged over 50                                       %             9.7
                     - Turnover rate of Mainland China employees                                     %            17.9
  By geography
                     - Turnover rate of HK, Macao, Taiwan and overseas employees                     %            14.3


5.1.2 Protection of Employees’ Rights and Interests
Equal opportunity, anti-discrimination and diversification
The Group adheres to the principles of equal opportunity and anti-discrimination, and strictly observes national laws
and regulations to ensure that employees’ employment, holidays, working hours, remuneration , incentives, training
and promotion are not affected by their race, nationality, ethnicity, region, gender, religion, age, sexual orientation,
political faction, marital status, fertility status, disability and other factors. The Company has adopted a Board Diversity
Policy to ensure that all board appointments will be based on merit and fully takes diversity into account.

In addition, the Group ensures that female employees enjoy legal rights and interests and receive reasonable care
and consideration, and provides convenience for female employees by setting up mother-and-infant rooms and
other amenities. CMS Code of Conduct provides guidance for all employees including the management, to respect,
be kind and cooperate with each other, and to foster a positive, equal, diverse and inclusive working environment
together. Furthermore, the Group has established complaint and punishment mechanisms, showing zero tolerance for
prejudice, discrimination and harassment.

As of 31 December 2021, female employees accounted for 53.8%, female mid-level and senior managers accounted
for 31.2% and female board members accounted for 33.3%.




                                                                               CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           88
                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2021
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




     The Group puts high value on employees’ thoughts, practices equal communication, and constantly improves the
     mutual communication mechanism between employees and the management to keep smooth communication
     channels and create an open and fair communication environment. The Group encourages employees to
     communicate with the management through the internal ERP platform, email, and online or face-to-face conversation
     in a timely and effective manner. To address discrimination, the Group accepts real-name or anonymous whistle-
     blowing in a variety of ways, and puts in place the CMS Anti-fraud Management Policy to clarify provisions related
     to whistle-blowing channels, handling procedures and whistleblower protection, ensuring that all whistle-blowing are
     properly handled. The Group keeps strictly confidential whistleblowers’ personal information and whistle-blowing
     materials, and will not disclose whistleblowers’ identities without their consent. After receiving, verifying and evaluating
     tip-offs, the Group will put them on record and initiate investigations, and keep truthful and complete investigation
     records. The handling result will be notified within the Group and sent to the whistleblower within 3 working days. If
     the employee being reported against thinks his/her legal rights and interests are infringed, he/she is entitled to appeal
     to the relevant department of the Company, requesting to solve the problem. The Group also actively communicates
     with employees in forms of interviews after probation/resignation and regular questionnaire surveys. Meanwhile, the
     labour unions of the Group’s subsidiaries have established employee reception room, management reception day and
     feedback box, aiming to further guide and support employees to speak up.

     During the Reporting Period, the Human Resource Department of the Group conducted a organizational climate
     survey, which takes employee satisfaction and engagement into consideration, in a bid to fully understand the needs
     and expectations of employees. Improvement measures will be developed and promoted based on the survey results
     to further protect employees’ rights and interests.

     Recruitment
     The Group’s human resource recruitment plan always matches with the Company’s strategic needs for business
     development. Through regular analysis of existing positions and staffing, sorting of valid human resource information
     in combination with the regular talent demand feedback from each department, the Group forecasts possible changes
     in personnel mobility, and develops and adjusts the corresponding recruitment plan to build a sound basis for the
     talent team building. Aiming to ensure an organized recruitment process, the Group has established a mature human
     resource introduction and reserve channel combining social recruitment and campus recruitment, with systematic
     measures and manuals on internal management as enhancement, such as CMS Recruitment Management Measures,
     Social Recruitment Practice Manual, Measures for Background Check Management, Campus Recruitment Practice
     Manual and Rewarding Measures for Internal and External Talent Recommendation,.

     In order to further expand the sources of talents for certain core positions, on the basis of common social recruitment
     channels (such as professional human resource website and head hunters), the Group develops the channel for
     recommending excellent talents supported by an attractive incentive mechanism to motivate all employees and others
     to recommend suitable talents.

     Campus recruitment is an important source of the Group’s talent pool. By constantly exploring diversified campus
     recruitment methods, the Group strengthens its association and connection with colleges and universities to build a
     sustainable professionals reserve pool. During the Reporting Period, the Group vigorously carried out programs for
     trainees and interns, held more than 200 online/offline campus recruitment seminars across the country and issued
     offers to over 400 graduates.




89   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                  Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                          (CONTINUED)




Working Hours
The Group strictly forbids forced labour and implements standard working hours according to laws and regulations.
Meanwhile, employees may reasonably arrange working and leisure time according to their job content and the
work plan of their departments, so as to form a more efficient working system. In addition, as stipulated in the
CMS Employee Manual , employees who work overtime as demanded and with the Company’s approval will be
compensated. Meanwhile, all employees are entitled to statutory holidays and paid leave according to law, and their
posts will be 100% kept during the leave.

Remuneration
The Group’s remuneration system is inclined to strivers. The employees’ remuneration and benefits depend on
the Company’s performance and employees’ own performance. The Human Resource Department of the Group
dynamically reviews the employees’ remuneration level annually in reference to the reports of professional external
consultants to ensure that employees receive fair and competitive salaries and remuneration in the industry.
Meanwhile, the department constantly implements and optimises person-post matching certification and level-of-
position review to maintain a fair and effective remuneration evaluation system and adjustment rules of the Company.

According to the strategic planning and deployment, the Group establishes the evaluation basis for performance
appraisal and incentive system by decoding and dividing strategies to each department. Short-term, medium-term
and long-term multi-level incentive systems have been established, and quarterly routine performance review is carried
out to ensure fair and effective performance management and incentives. The result of performance appraisal is linked
up with the bonus of employees, and the related result will be synchronously sent to employees via the Group’s online
digital tool immediately after confirmation. In case of any disagreement, the employee can raise an appeal within 5
working days upon receipt of the appraisal result, and the Human Resource Department will organize independent
interviews, double check the performance appraisal result, and send the review result to the employee in time. In
addition, the Group further improves the honour and reward system, and continues to energize the organization.

Training
The Group organizes diversified training activities to systematically improve the professional competence of employees
and promote mutual development of the Company and employees. The Group has established the Internal Trainer
Management Policy and Provision on Employee Training Process to support the implementation and management of
training plans.

The Group has set up a dedicated training base in Pingshan, Shenzhen, which provides employees a good centralized
training environment and atmosphere. In order to further improve the accessibility and convenience of training, the
Group makes full use of digital tools to make available on-site, telephone-access, live streaming, and other ways for
employees to participate in training courses. The Group is also active in constructing a digital training management
system in an attempt to manage all kinds of training plans, appraisal records, suggestions and feedback systematically
and efficiently, so as to further boost its training management efficiency. Moreover, the Group continually improves
and leverages internal instructors and course resources, proactively expands cooperation with professional training
institutions, and establishes pools with abundant resources of instructors, courses and training institutions, to further
underpin the foundation of the Group’s long-term employee training.




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          90
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2021
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




     The Group constantly optimise the “Navigation” training system for full coverage of corporate strategy, corporate
     culture, professional skill and knowledge, job qualification assessment, management skill and leadership development,
     policy and regulation, etc. Through the combination of internal and external training, the Group systematically helps
     all employees improve their capability comprehensively. Besides, in order to better meet the business development
     needs, the Group actively takes advantage of its own training channels and advantageous resources to periodically
     carry out targeted professional training for key positions, and also provides financial support for employees in key
     positions to obtain relevant professional certification.




                                            Figure 9 “Navigation” Training System




91   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                   Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                           (CONTINUED)




                                            Table 13 Employee Training Data


                                                                                       Unit              Year 2021
 Total employees training expenditure                                              Million RMB               6.3
 Training coverage of employees                                                         %                   73.2
   - Training coverage of general employees                                             %                   97.2
   - Training coverage of mid-level and senior management                               %                    2.8
   - Training coverage of male employees                                                %                   48.6
   - Training coverage of female employees                                              %                   51.4
 Employees training duration per capita                                                Hour                 18.0
   - Training duration per capita for general employees                                Hour                 18.2
   - Training duration per capita for mid-level and senior management                  Hour                 12.3
   - Training duration per capita for male employees                                   Hour                 19.0
   - Training duration per capita for female employees                                 Hour                 17.2


Promotion
The Group adheres to the promotion mechanism that was oriented by competence and integrity and follows the
talent promotion principle of “internal selection, step-by-step promotion, classified training, spiral rise, and anomalous
promotion in special period”. In accordance with the guidelines and requirements of the promotion evaluation
mechanism and the performance management system, the Group matches different positions with clear development
paths. Meanwhile, the Group puts in place a promotion application system, by which employees can apply for
promotion certification on their own initiative. Successful promotion certification will be made public regularly in the
form of an appointment and removal announcement. Any employee objecting to the certification process or results
may appeal to the Human Resource Management Department, and the latter will make further verification and
feedback according to the facts to ensure fair, impartial and open promotion channels and opportunities.

Dismissal
Employee dismissal within the Group is subject to the Human Resource Policy, Personnel Management Policy and
other internal management regulations. The Human Resource Management Department assists employees who leave
the Group in handling transference of social insurance, files, and registered permanent residence as well as other
relevant formalities. In addition, the Group holds a demission interview with all quitting employees to figure out their
reasons for leaving, analyse specific problems and generate internal improvement plans, in a bid to further optimise
the internal human resource management.


5.2 Employees Care
5.2.1 Employees’ Health and Safety
The Group attaches great importance to the health and safety of its employees, putting in place Provisions on
Production Safety, Provisions on Fire Safety Management, Provisions on Workplace Safety Management, Employee
Health Management Procedure, Regulations on Governing Safety Prevention Responsibility, Emergency Plan, Office
Building Emergency Plan and other safety regulations and management procedures. Moreover, the Group constantly
improves the employee occupational health and safety system with production safety and occupational health as the
core to create a healthy, safe and agreeable working environment for employees.

                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          92
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2021
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




           Safety Record                                                     Health Check

     Occupational safety and health documents for employees           Annual health check is provided for all employees
     are established; safety assessment of storage and use of
     hazardous chemicals is completed timely and reported to the
     safety supervision authority



           Safety Protection                                                 Reassuring Fight against Pandemic

     Production safety bulletin boards are set up; safety warning     External professional institutions are engaged to conduct
     signs and first-aid kits are reasonably set, and employees       overall disinfection of the Company’s offices according to the
     at posts involving health and safety risk are supplied with      development of the pandemic, employees are encouraged and
     appropriate personal protective devices such as earplugs,        organised to receive COVID-19 vaccines, gathering activities
     protective gloves, activated carbon anti-toxic masks and         are reported in a timely manner, and consultation service and
     respirators; the placement, use and disposal of hazardous        information sharing on pandemic prevention and control are
     chemicals are strictly managed and supervised                    provided



           Safety Training                                                  Emotional Care

     A comprehensive production safety training system has been       Employees are provided with recreational places and various
     set up, which forms a training model with the combination        leisure activities to relieve their work stress; new employee
     of teaching and assessment by experts from the Ministry of       interviews and learning and development partners are arranged
     Emergency Management and internal experts, and employees         to understand the adaptation and emotional needs of new
     at special posts are required to attend internal and external    employees
     professional training and assessment on a regular basis, and
     to work with appropriate license



           Safety Inspection                                                Daily Maintenance

     The relevant subsidiaries set up leading groups for production   Employees’ health and safety are protected starting from daily
     safety inspection, implement production safety responsibility    trifles, for example: conducting maintenance and potential risk
     system, organise the “Production Safety Month” campaign,         identification of corporate vehicles as scheduled, providing
     conduct the assessment of safety production performances         regular physical examination of drivers, timely changing
     and safety production rewards and punishment, carry out          drinking water filters, regularly cleaning and disinfecting the
     regular assessments of major hazard risk in factories and        central air conditioning and carpets, regularly exterminating
     offices, make production safety inspections before and after     insects and rats, and optimising access control equipment to
     holidays, and monthly safety inspections of the workplace to     safeguard the safety of the Group’s employees and property
     prevent accidents



           Safety Drills

     During the Reporting Period, the Shenzhen subsidiary and
     Tianjin subsidiary of the Group worked with relevant property
     management companies to conduct safety and fire drills
     separately, the Hunan subsidiary conducted emergency drills
     for safety production and fire proof, and the Hebei subsidiary
     conducted emergency drill for hazardous waste leakage and
     ethanol spill accident




                                          Figure 10 Occupational Health and Safety System


93   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                    Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                     (CONTINUED)




The Group’s employee health and safety data in 2021 is shown below:

                                         Table 14 Employee Health and Safety Data


                                                                                     Unit           Year 2021
 Working days lost due to work-related injuries                                      Day               375
 Number of work-related fatalities                                                  Person               0
 Proportion of work-related fatalities                                                %                  0
 Proportion of employees with occupational health check benefit                       %                100


5.2.2 Employee Benefits
The Group provides employees with five statutory social insurance schemes (basic endowment insurance, basic
medical insurance, employment injury insurance, maternity insurance and unemployment insurance) and the
housing provident fund in strict accordance with national regulations. Besides, the Group continuously optimises its
employee relationship management by actively planning employee activities and providing caring benefits to enhance
organizational cohesion. During the Reporting Period, comprehensive employee benefits were provided to our staff,
included but were not limited to:


    Providing allowances to fund employees’ round trips for family visit once a year;
    Providing Taikang group accident insurance to employees;
    Implementing flexible working hours to provide convenience for employees to balance their work and life;
    Providing high-quality health check to help employees understand their health conditions;
    Setting a gym and cooperating with big sports venues for free use by employees, encouraging them to exercise;
    Setting up an employee book bar, and subscribing to newspapers and books for free reading and using by
     employees;
    Setting up an employee canteen to provide a variety of free afternoon refreshments and overtime dinners;
    Establishing a culture and sports association and multiple branches including badminton, swimming, basketball
     and yoga branches to regularly organise activities to enrich employees’ lives;
    Appropriating special funds to encourage team-building activities, enhancing friendships between employees;
    Setting up mother-and-child rooms to provide convenience for lactating employees;
    Providing festival gifts, benefits and blessings.




                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED      94
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2021
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




     6.     Cooperation and Mutual Benefit
     The Group pays high attention to the supply chain management, strictly abides by relevant national and local laws
     and regulations, and establishes a comprehensive system of internal supply chain management for a commitment to
     efficiently cooperate with the upstream and downstream supply chain enterprises to achieve win-win results, reducing
     procurement risks and protect the product quality and safety.

     Moreover, to jointly build a green supply chain, the Group actively takes a variety of measures to encourage and
     advocate compliance operation, environmental protection and social responsibilities among its domestic and overseas
     supply-chain partners, and strengthen the identification, supervision and control of environmental and social risks in
     each segment of the supply chain, in order to make progress together with upstream and downstream partners and
     contribute to the sustainable development of the supply chain.

              Table 15 Laws and Regulations and CMS’ Rules and Policies Related to Supply Chain Management


                   Major laws and regulations                                 CMS’ major rules and policies
      The Drug Administration Law of the People’s Republic        Regulations on First-time Supplier Qualification Review,
      of China, Good Supply Practice for Pharmaceutical           Regulations on First-time Variety Review, Operation
      Products, Good Manufacture Practice of Pharmaceutical       Provisions on Internal Quality Audit, Regulations on
      Products, Administrative Measures for the Import of         Drug Procurement, Provisions for Material Supplier
      Drugs, Provisions for Supervision of Circulation of         Management, Operation Procedure of Material Supplier
      Pharmaceuticals, Civil Code of the People's Republic of     Evaluation, Provisions for Material Procurement,
      China, Company Law of the People's Republic of China,       Regulations on Purchaser’ Qualification Review,
      Customs Law of the People’s Republic of China, etc.         Operation Procedures on Purchaser Qualification
                                                                  Review, Provisions on Management of Low Value
                                                                  Consumables, Admission and Review System for
                                                                  Commercial Partners, Admission and Evaluation System
                                                                  for Carriers, etc.


     6.1 Supply Chain Management
     The Group adheres to a strict admission for its supplies and distributors, and applies the regular review mechanism of
     its supply chain partners. In addition, the Group actively builds long-term cooperative relationships with its partners,
     lays a foundation for stable and efficient two-way communications and mutual trusts with them by phone, e-mails and
     exchange visits, and achieves common progress and win-win cooperation through mutual supervision and experience
     sharing.


     6.1.1 Supplier Management
     The Group has established the Regulations on First-time Supplier Qualification Review, Operation Provisions on
     Internal Quality Audit, Regulations on Drug Procurement, Provisions for Material Supplier Management, Operation
     Procedure of Material Supplier Evaluation, Provisions for Material Procurement, Provisions on Management of Low
     Value Consumables and other internal regulations and policies to guide and standardize the suppliers selection and
     monitoring, the procurement and other processes.



95   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                    Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                            (CONTINUED)




The drugs that the Group promotes and sells has been introduced through asset purchase or long-term sales
agreement to acquire their related products rights in specified regions, and the production is mainly conducted by
the original or entrusted manufacturers. Therefore, the Group has sustained long-term and stable strategic relations
with upstream suppliers. Moreover, Shenzhen Kangzhe, a business entity in the Group which is mainly responsible
for promoting and selling drugs, is certified as an advanced “Authorized Economic Operator (AEO)” by the customs,
representing the high-level general supply chain management as well as the excellent internal governance and trade
safety control.

The Group has formulated strict admission criteria for its suppliers and examines several aspects of the supplier,
including but not limited to company scale, company’s history, reputation in the industry and competitiveness,
qualifications, production conditions, product category, product quality, environmental protection and social
responsibility, to ensure that qualified and quality-reliable products are purchased from enterprises that are legally
qualified and take corporate responsibility.

Furthermore, the Group comprehensively reviews the completeness, truthfulness and legal validity of the enterprise’s
profile, and organizes a field inspection when necessary to evaluate the supplier’s quality management system. Once
a supplier is selected, the Group will sign a long-term supply agreement with it and dynamically conduct an annual
matching evaluation of the supplier’s medium- and long-term capability to ensure that the supplier’s capacity and
product quality meet the Group’s demands, thus reduce the terminal risk of the supply chain. Moreover, the Group
organizes the supplier quality review at least once a year, establishes the relevant review archives and forms the List of
Qualified Suppliers. In addition, the Group uploads the information of its suppliers to a digital platform for systematic
management, and the system will issue an alert before the qualification or license is about to expire. If any supplier
fails to provide valid supplementary information in time, it will be locked and the cooperation with it will be suspended
compulsorily for further prevention and control of supply chain management risks.

The Group actively and closely communicates with suppliers and purchases on demand. For imported drug
products, including the firstly imported drugs, biological products, products of standard change or manufacture
process alteration and when the company deems necessary, strict inspections are carried out by official professional
institutions in accordance with the requirements of national regulations and Import inspection Report shall be issued.
Once the imported drug products ans domestic drug products arrive, the Quality Management Department of the
Group conducts the inspection as per GSP requirements and examines the inspection reports to guarantee that the
products meet the drug standards approved by the national authorities, and takes records in the digital purchasing
archives in time.

Once any quality issue is found, the Group will immediately provide feedback to its supplier, urges the supplier to make
corrections and gives necessary supports. If any supplier fails to pass the sampling inspection of its drugs by the drug
regulatory authorities, has any major quality problem, is ordered to recall its drugs, or has a poor reputation for quality,
etc., the Group’s Quality Management Department will pay a field visit focusing on whether the supplier’s quality
management system is sound, the reason for the quality problem and whether the corrective measure is effective,
and will make a risk assessment. For unqualified suppliers, the Group has established the relevant exit mechanism to
ensure the product quality above the baseline.




                                                                               CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           96
                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2021
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




     All production material suppliers are selected as per Provisions for Material Suppliers Management , and their scales,
     qualifications, states of operations, production capacities, quality management, conditions of carriage, etc. are
     reviewed in detail, with the Manufacturer Questionnaire distributed in the preliminary supplier screening stage for more
     efficient communications and decision-making. In addition, the Group also selects cost-effective material suppliers
     through open and fair biddings. Before engaging a supplier, the Quality Management Department and other relevant
     departments will jointly conduct comprehensive qualification review and on-site quality audit, and inspect the samples,
     and a small batch trial production will be conducted when necessary. Only suppliers who have passed the full review
     are eligible to be included the Group’s qualified supplier list. According to the degree of importance of materials and
     the results of quality assessment, the Group implements hierarchical management to qualified suppliers, and maintains
     at least two qualified suppliers for any production material to ensure the supply of materials in emergency. The Group
     prioritizes the engagement with those suppliers with the higher assessment scores. Furthermore, the Group updates
     the list of qualified suppliers in time by annually reviewing the overall quality of the goods supplied; and additionally
     performs on-site audit of the production material suppliers who have a significant impact on drug quality and safety at
     least once a year for a further guarantee of the stable supply of materials and the Group’s production quality.

     If the materials provided by a qualified supplier do not meet the requirements, the Group will first re-inspect the
     samples to eliminate the problems in the inspection process. If the sample fails the re-inspection, a non-conformity
     report will be issued and sent to the supplier in time, and the supplier will be notified that the unqualified goods will be
     returned. Supplier who fails to meet the Group’s requirements twice a year will be disqualified. If goods with any severe
     defect or significant quality risks are found, the purchasing will be suspended.

     100% of the Group’s finished products and materials suppliers are managed in accordance with above standards.
     During the Reporting Period, there was no significant product supply delay from the Group’s suppliers.

     The Group’s suppliers data in 2021 is shown below:

                                                   Table 16 Quantity of Suppliers


                                                                                             Unit               Year 2021
      Total number of suppliers                                                            Number                   151
      - Number of Mainland China suppliers                                                 Number                   98
      - Number of HK, Macao, Taiwan and overseas suppliers                                 Number                   53


     6.1.2 Distributor Management
     The Group has established the Admission and Review System for Commercial Partners, Regulations on Carrier
     Admission and Appraisal, Regulations on Purchaser’ Qualification Review, Operation Procedures on Purchaser
     Qualification Review, and other regulations and policies to support distributor management. The Group prioritizes
     distributors that are Technology Asset Protection Association (TAPA) certified, GSP compliant, socially responsible and
     reputable through all-round appraisal and examination of distributors in terms of enterprise qualification, warehousing
     and distribution capacities, staffing, operations management, channel coverage, responsiveness, reputation in the
     industry, and dedication to environmental protection, to ensure product quality during the distribution process, and
     minimise the potential impacts of goods circulation on the surroundings. Moreover, the Group keeps the distributors
     aware of its series of requirements and standard provisions related to social responsibility to further maintain a
     sustainable drug circulation system.

97   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                    Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                                 (CONTINUED)




6.2 Sustainable Development of Supply Chain
The Group aims to work with its upstream and downstream partners in an attempt to build a green and efficient supply
chain system. While strictly controlling quality and safety, the Group makes all efforts to identify, monitor and control
the environmental and social responsibility risks in the three parts of the supply chain, namely supplier selection,
procurement and production, and distribution, propelling the sustainable and green development of supply chain.

For potential risks in each part of the supply chain, including social and environmental risks such as corruption, bribery,
unfair competition, illegal operation, inconformity to standard of products or raw materials, pollution of transportation
process to the environment, the Group has formulated corresponding prevention and control measures, including but
not limited to the followings:

        Table 17 Abstract of Environmental and Social Risks Prevention and Control Measures in Supply Chain


                          •       Adhering to the principle of openness, impartiality and fairness, preventing and controlling
                                  possible corruption risks in the bidding process with participation of multiple departments
                          •       Including human rights, environmental and social factors into the supplier review;
                                  encouraging and tending to choose suppliers advocating the green environmental
  Supplier selection              protection concept or with relevant qualifications, including but not limited to: ISO 14000,
                                  ISO 45001, SA8000, AEO, TAPA, etc.
                          •       If the candidates are on a par, the one in closer proximity will be preferred for more
                                  convenient transportation, to reduce the potential pollution to the environment during the
                                  shipment

                          •       Signing agreement with all suppliers, clearly stating quality credibility and supply integrity
                                  in the agreement, in order to manage supply chain integrity
                          •       Stating anti-bribery and anti-corruption requirements in the supplier’s contract, and
                                  requiring suppliers to comply with the local regulatory requirements for operations and
                                  production, so as to prevent relevant social risks
                          •       Initiate the signing of Proposal for Suppliers in order to advocate suppliers to comply with
  Procurement and
                                  compliance operation, business ethics, human rights and labour standards, protect the
     production                   environment and respect culture and community
                          •       In view of the possible impact of packaging materials used in the production process on
                                  product quality and environmental pollution risk, suppliers are required to use packaging
                                  materials in compliance with the environmental protection standards. The inner
                                  packaging in contact with drugs is required to be at least the food-grade packaging to
                                  ensure product safety and realize green packaging

                          •      Preferring large distributors with comprehensive distribution channels coverage and
                                 dedication to environmental protection so as to reduce the negative environmental
                                 impact in logistics
                          •      Making available Standard for Ethics and Compliance, Third Party Compliance Policy,
                                 Basic Code for Interactions with Medical Personnel, Medical Institutions and Non-
     Distribution
                                 profit Organisations, Self-Testification of Third Party Compliance, and other provisions,
                                 to ensure that partners are aware of and comply with the Group’s requirements and
                                 criteria for anti-corruption, fair competition, intellectual property protection, data privacy,
                                 employment practice, environment, health and safety, encouraging distributors to take
                                 social responsibility during the course of the contract

                                                                                  CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED            98
                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2021
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




     The Group has also made available multiple feedback channels to suppliers and distributors such as email, telephone,
     and face-to-face communication. Besides, the Group set up a new whistleblowing channel of anti-fraud control via its
     official website during the Reporting Period. Any incompliant act such as bribery and corruption, unfair competition,
     disclosure of the Company’s trade secret or know-how, and abuse of power of any employee of the Group can be
     reported via the website. This further facilitates the open communication between the parties and risk identification
     in the supply chain management. In the meantime, the Group is active in promoting the signing of the Proposal for
     Suppliers . During the Reporting Period, more than 50% of the suppliers have signed the Proposal for Suppliers (as of
     31 December 2021, the total number of the Group’s suppliers is 151), this program is still underway.

                                          Table 18 Abstract of Proposal for Suppliers


              Field                                                       Abstract
                               •   Complying with applicable laws, regulations, standards, guidelines and criteria, including
                                   but not limited to the GSP, advertising law and patent law, etc.
                               •   Providing high-quality, safe and effective products and services that comply with applicable
          Compliance               laws, regulations, quality requirements and standards
         operation and         •   Resolutely resisting on bid rigging, bidding collusion, acceptance of kickbacks and other
        business ethics            unfair competition, and keeping zero tolerance for any form of corruption, extortion or
                                   bribery
                               •   Valuing business partners’ privacy and confidential information, and ensuring no data or
                                   intellectual property right is abused

                               •   Respecting the protection of internationally recognized human rights and avoiding human
                                   rights violation
                               •   Avoiding all forms of child labour, forced and compulsory labour
                               •   Respecting personal dignity, privacy and rights, abiding by the maximum working hours
       Human rights and            stipulated by relevant laws, and providing fair remuneration
       labour standards        •   Promoting equal opportunity and treatment of employees, and rejecting discrimination or
                                   harassment for any reason
                               •   Complying with laws and standards related to occupational health and safety, and providing
                                   safe working environment


         Environmental         •   Complying with environmental laws and standards
           protection          •   Establishing a reasonable internal environmental management system

                               •   Facilitating the economic and social development of the community
      Community culture        •   Ensuring the full respect for the human rights, dignity, culture, and the survival by reliance
                                   on natural resources




99   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                   Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                           (CONTINUED)




7.     Environmental Protection
In compliance with the concept of green development, the Group is committed to sustaining environmental protection
actions in all parts of production and operations, encouraging its subsidiaries related to the pharmaceutical production
business, agriculture and livestock business, sales and marketing business, and others to enhance their contribution
to environmental protection. All parties across the Group continuously improve the environment management
system, keep increasing the resources utilisation efficiency, actively manage and control the impact of production
and operations on the surrounding environment, and persistently fulfil the corporate social responsibility for ecological
environment protection, in an effort to achieve a common sustainable development between the enterprise and the
environment.

The Group’s highest governance organisation for environmental management is the Board of Directors. As assisted
by the sub-committee, ESG Committee, the Board of Directors oversees the management guidelines, policies and
structures in connection with environmental protection, guarantees the compliance of the Group’s environmental
performance with legal and regulatory requirements. It also identifies ESG related risks and opportunities, and joins
hands with the Audit Department in risk management and solution. The ESG Working Group ensures the execution of
environmental management activities, and develops the specific environmental management work plans. In addition,
the ESG Working Group conducts regular statistics and analysis of the environmental performance, sets environmental
goal, tracks its accomplishment progress, and reports that to the ESG Committee on a regular basis. During the
Reporting Period, the Group has newly set environmental targets related to the hazardous waste intensity, non-
hazardous waste, electricity use and water consumption, which have been approved by the Board of Directors.

During the Reporting Period, the Group’s Audit Department conducted a comprehensive environmental internal audit
on Kangzhe Hunan, its pharmaceutical production subsidiary, focusing on environmental issues such as pollutant
emission management, resource management, ecological protection, and climate change risk responses, etc, and
formulated a Special Environmental Audit Report to elaborate the environmental governance and gave risk alerts in
details. The Group’s Audit Department worked with the relevant department heads to assess each risk point and
deliver an improvement plan and submit it to the management for review and approval, and then continuously followed
up on the implementation of the corrections to ensure standardized environmental governance and prevent and
control compliance risks. Hunan Agriculture and Livestock is subject to unscheduled relevant enforcement inspection
by local environmental protection authority. The local agricultural quality and safety authority and the green food office
periodically inspect the agricultural quality and the environment of plantation base. During the Reporting Period, no
major environmental issue was found in all the inspections.

The Group strictly adheres to the requirements of various laws and regulations and CMS’ Rules and Policies on
environmental protection, including but not limited to:




                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          100
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report
      (CONTINUED)




                Table 19 Environmental Protection-related Laws and Regulations and CMS’ Rules and Policies


           Field                 Major laws and regulations                       CMS’ major rules and policies
                       Environmental Protection Law of the People’s          Integrated Emergency Response Plan for
                       Republic of China, Law of the People’s Republic of    Environmental Incidents, Regulations on
       Environmental
                       China on Environmental Impact Assessment, etc.        Environmental Protection, Regulations on
         protection
                                                                             Sanitation Management in Plant Area

                       Law of the People’s Republic of China on the          Regulations of Boilers Management,
                       Prevention and Control of Atmospheric Pollution,      Operation Regulation of Exhaust Gas,
                       Law of the People’s Republic of China on the          Exhaust Gas Emission Management
                       Prevention and Control of Environmental Pollution     Procedures, Operation Regulation of
                       by Solid Waste, Law of the People’s Republic of       Exhaust Gas, Wastewater Management
                       China on Prevention and Control of Environmental      Procedures, Standard Operation
                       Noise Pollution, Law of the People’s Republic         Procedures for Use, Maintenance, and
                       of China on Prevention and Control of Water           Overhaul of Wastewater Treatment
                       Pollution, Emission Control Standard of Volatile      Facility, Regulations on Hazardous Waste,
                       Organic Compounds for Industrial Enterprises,         Regulations on Hazardous Chemicals,
                       Discharge Standard of Pollutants for Livestock        Solid Waste Management Procedures,
                       and Poultry Breeding, Emission Standard of            Provisions on Quality-Control Laboratory
         Emission
                       Air Pollutants for Boiler, Integrated Wastewater      Waste Management
          control
                       Discharge Standard, Wastewater Quality
                       Standards for Discharge to Municipal Sewers,
                       Discharge Standard of Pollutants for Municipal
                       Wastewater Treatment Plants, Emission Standard
                       for Industrial Enterprises Noise at Boundary,
                       Standard for Pollution Control on the Storage and
                       Disposal Site of General Industrial Solid Wastes,
                       Standard for Pollution Control on Hazardous Waste
                       Storage, Administrative Measures for Hazardous
                       Waste Transfer, Regulation on the Administration of
                       Permitting of Pollutant Discharges, etc.

                       Law of the People’s Republic of China on              Management Regulations on Energy
                       Conserving Energy, Law of the People’s Republic       Conservation and Consumption Reduction,
                       of China on Promoting Clean Production, Circular      Regulations on Green Agriculture and
        Resource       Economy Promotion Law of the People’s Republic        Livestock, Regulations on Resource
       management      of China, etc.                                        Conservation Management, Vehicle
                                                                             Management Regulations, Regulations on
                                                                             Material Distribution




101   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                  Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                        (CONTINUED)




7.1 Emission Control
The Group’s business mainly includes pharmaceutical promotion and marketing business, pharmaceutical production
business, and agriculture and livestock business. Among them, the pharmaceutical promotion and marketing business
is the main business. The pharmaceutical production business is mainly carried out by Kangzhe (Hunan) Medical Co,
Ltd. (“Kangzhe Hunan”), Hebei Xinglong Xili Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Hebei Xili”) and Pingshan Manufacture Base of
Shenzhen Kangzhe Pharmaceutical Co, Ltd. (“Pingshan Factory”) (which did not carry out any production during the
Reporting Period), and Lengshuijiang Kangzhe Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Lengshuijiang Kangzhe”) (which was in the
trial production stage during the Reporting Period and was not officially put into use yet). The Group has small-scale
pharmaceutical production business. During the Reporting Period, the sale of self-produced products only accounted
for around 2.9% of the Group’s turnover in the case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group. The agriculture
and livestock business is mainly carried out by Hunan Kangzhe Agricultural and Livestock Development Co., Ltd.
(“Hunan Agriculture and Livestock”). The products provided by Hunan Agriculture and Livestock are for internal
consumption and did not contribute to the Group’s turnover during the Reporting Period.

Due to the Group’s business characteristic, the total amount of environmental pollutants produced was limited, and the
impact on the environment and natural resources was insignificant. The Company and its subsidiaries have formulated
a series of internal management regulations such as Regulations on Environmental Protection, Operation Regulation of
Exhaust Gas, Standard Operation Procedures for Use, Maintenance, and Overhaul of Wastewater Treatment Facility,
etc., covering the requirements for the management of emissions in the production and operation process, including
exhaust gas, wastewater, solid waste, and noise pollution; a relatively comprehensive management system has been
formed. During the Reporting Period, the Group updated the Regulations on Environmental Protection , which further
clarified the requirements for the management of clean production, conservation of natural resources, and responses
to climate change.

During the Reporting Period, the Group did not have any significant pollution incident.


7.1.1 Water Pollutant Management
The Company and its subsidiaries strictly comply with national and local laws and regulations, and have formulated
and abided by internal management regulations such as Standard Operation Procedures for Use, Maintenance, and
Overhaul of Wastewater Treatment Facility and Wastewater Management Procedures to standardize management of
wastewater discharge. The wastewater produced by the Group mainly includes domestic and production wastewater,
of which domestic wastewater mainly enters the urban sewage network through sewage pipes and its discharge is
reduced mainly through water conservation measures in daily office activities; production wastewater is discharged
after reasonable treatment till it meets the standard. The Group’s management measures for wastewater include but
are not limited to:




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        102
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report
      (CONTINUED)




        Measures to control domestic         Measures to control wastewater in                      Measures to control
        wastewater in office areas           pharmaceutical production areas                        wastewater in
                                                                                                    agricultural and livestock
                                                                                                    areas

           Issuing Proposal for Energy         After production wastewater treatment                 The manure water
            Conservation and Emission            by the self-built integrated wastewater                from agricultural and
            Reduction in Offices , setting       treatment station, the wastewater that                 livestock farms is
            up bulletin boards for               meets regulatory standards is discharged               collected through
            promoting environmental              into the municipal network and finally flows           sedimentation ponds
            protection and resource              into the municipal wastewater treatment                and then made into
            conservation to raise the            plant;                                                 organic fertilizers to
            awareness of all employees          During the Reporting Period, the new                   achieve the purpose of
            on water conservation;               wastewater treatment station of the                    recycling;
           Strengthening the inspection         Kangzhe Hunan was put into service to                 Plants such as turf
            of pantries and washrooms,           significantly increase the daily treatment             are grown around the
            upgrading some aged                  capacity; additionally, the coagulation                animal enclosure and
            automatic flush valves, and          and sedimentation system was added at                  park to absorb the
            replacing water-saving taps;         the end of the new wastewater treatment                animal manure water
           Conducting commissioning             system to further eliminate suspended                  left outdoors.
            of auto flush facilities in          solids in water and improve outgoing
            office areas to shorten the          water quality.
            automatic flushing time.



                                      Table 20 Wastewater and Pollutant Components Data


                                                                                            Unit                Year 2021
                                                                                                3
       Wastewater                                                                               m                84,294.4
       Wastewater Intensity                                                           m3/million RMB               9.13
       Ammonia Nitrogen (NH3-N)                                                             Ton                     0.2
       Chemical Oxygen Demand (COD)                                                         Ton                     2.3


      7.1.2 Air Pollutant Management
      The Company and its subsidiaries have formulated internal management policies such as Regulations of Boiler
      Management, Operation Regulation of Exhaust Gas , and Exhaust Gas Emission Management Procedures to
      strengthen the management of air pollutant emission and ensure that exhaust gas emission complies with the
      requirements of national and local laws and regulations. During the Reporting Period, most exhaust gas of the Group
      was from the pharmaceutical production business. The Company and its subsidiaries took active measures to
      minimize the negative impact of exhaust gas emission from pharmaceutical production on the environment:




103   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                  Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                         (CONTINUED)




                    Kangzhe Hunan                                                   Hebei Xili

     Long-term use of natural gas-fueled boilers;               The environment-friendly alcohol-based liquid fuel
     Boiler exhaust gas is first adsorbed by activated           is used for boilers;
      carbon to remove nitrogen oxides, sulfur oxides            Insisting on purchasing quality fuel to reduce the
      and particulate matter from the smoke, then wet-            emission of exhaust pollutants;
      sprayed, and discharged at a specified altitude            A third-party professional inspection institute is
      after reaching the standard. The wastewater                 commissioned to sample and test the organized
      generated after the wet-spray enters the self-built         exhaust gas emitted by steam boilers on a quarterly
      sewage treatment station of factories for treatment         basis. During the Reporting Period, monitoring
      and recycling;                                              results showed that exhaust gas emissions met the
     The cutting and shredding equipment for “pre-               specified emission limits for atmospheric pollutants;
      treatment” in the Chinese medicine extraction              The exhaust gas equipment in the wastewater
      workshop was upgraded in 2021, with a built-                treatment station was rectified and attached with
      in dust collector, and the large whirlwind bag-             an exhaust pipe, the secondary activated carbon
      type dust removers were added to allow dust                 adsorption treatment device was installed in the
      and exhaust gas to meet the standard and be                 laboratory and passed the acceptance inspection
      discharged at a high altitude after multi-stage             of environmental protection facilities.
      treatment;
     A new sewage treatment station was officially put
      into use in 2021, adopting a deodorization system
      to treat exhaust gas;
     A third-party professional inspection agency is
      engaged to sample the organized exhaust gas
      emitted by steam boilers on a quarterly basis.
      During the Reporting Period, monitoring results
      showed that all exhaust gas emissions met the
      specified emission limits for atmospheric pollutants.


                                         Table 21 Air Pollutant Emission Data


                                                                                     Unit               Year 2021
 Sulfur Dioxide (SO2)                                                                 Kg                  103.2
 Nitrogen Oxide (NOx)                                                                 Kg                 1,693.7
 Particulate Matter (PM)                                                              Kg                  143.3


7.1.3 Noise Pollution Management
In accordance with national and local laws and regulations, the Company and its subsidiaries exercise strict control
over noise generated during the production and operation process, monitor noise regularly, and require susceptible
employees to wear protection equipment. Kangzhe Hunan used the horizontal centrifuges in its oral liquid powder
workshop to reduce noise, set noise barriers outside the equipment room, and added sound insulation cotton inside
to further reduce the impact of equipment noise on employees and surrounding residents.

During the Reporting Period, the noise monitoring results of the Group met the requirements and did not have a
significant negative impact on the staff’s occupational health and the local ecological environment.


                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         104
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report
      (CONTINUED)




      7.1.4 Solid Waste Management
      The Group have formulated internal management regulations such as Solid Waste Management Procedures,
      Regulations on Hazardous Waste, Regulations on Hazardous Chemicals, and Provisions on Quality-Control Laboratory
      Waste Management to control hazardous and non-hazardous waste by category. Hazardous waste is under strict
      management and transferred to qualified third parties for treatment, domestic waste is classified for treatment, and
      non-hazardous waste is recovered or recycled, thereby comprehensive waste reduction is achieved. In order to
      manage and control the generation of solid waste effectively, the Group is committed to reducing the hazardous waste
      intensity by at least 5%, and the non-hazardous waste intensity by at least 2% by 2023 compared to 2020.


                                         Measures to control non-hazardous waste

                           ü    Issuing the Proposal for Energy Conservation and Emission Reduction in Offices ,
                                advocating the reuse of recyclable supplies, encouraging paperless office as the preferred
                                choice, and reducing the use of disposable office supplies, promotional items, etc.

                           ü    Increasing the number of microwave ovens in canteens, encouraging employees to bring
                                their own lunch boxes for dining and use less disposable tableware, and getting food from
         Office areas
                                canteens as per the need;

                           ü    Encouraging the classification of garbage: non-recyclable garbage is regularly and centrally
                                disposed of by the building property company; recyclable garbage such as paper, metal,
                                plastic, and glass is recovered or recycled.


                           ü    Chinese herb residues are mainly particle filter residues (lignin) and a small amount of
                                insoluble extractives, which are non-hazardous solid waste. The Company transports
                                the residues to the compost workshop in Hunan Agriculture and Livestock as one of the
                                ingredients for making organic fertilizers; the subsidiary Hunan Agriculture and Livestock
                                has set up storage tanks to receive the waste medicine residues from Kangzhe Hunan,
                                which will ferment after mixing with organic fertilizers in a certain proportion to produce
                                efficient fertilizers for crops, realizing the ecologic and organic recycling of non-hazardous
       Pharmaceutical
                                waste;
         production
           areas           ü    Recyclable waste such as waste paper, waste cartons, and waste plastic buckets
                                produced by various workshops and departments is classified and collected for rational
                                recycling or disposal;

                           ü    The operating procedure is strictly carried out in the wastewater treatment station to
                                control impurities. In addition, oil separation tanks and septic tanks are established for
                                primary treatment of the sludge.


                           ü    Adopting automatic collection devices to collect animal excrement and making it into
       Agriculture and
                                organic fertilizers for crops via biological fermentation.
       livestock areas




105   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                 Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                      (CONTINUED)




                                     Measures to control hazardous waste
 Hazardous waste is mainly from the inspection at laboratories in the pharmaceutical production business:
  Strictly complying with the management requirements for the use of related chemicals reagents, ordering and
     using according to the needs;
  Standardizing the operation process of inspection and testing, and minimizing the production of chemical
     waste residue and waste liquor;
  The used chemical reagent or expired chemical reagent are collected and stored in the temporary hazardous
     waste storage room in time, and a third-party specialized disposal company for hazardous waste is engaged
     to transfer and dispose of those hazardous wastes on a regular basis.



                                             Table 22 Solid Waste Data


                                                                                   Unit              Year 2021
 Hazardous waste                                                                    Ton                  3.2
 Hazardous waste intensity                                                    Ton/million RMB         0.00035
 Non-hazardous waste                                                                Ton               1,515.6
 – Chinese herb residue                                                             Ton               1,301.0
 – Sewage sludge                                                                    Ton                 63.1
 – Household garbage                                                                Ton                151.5
 Non-hazardous waste intensity                                                Ton/million RMB           0.16


7.2 Resource Management
The Group attaches great importance to resource management. It has formulated Management Regulations on Energy
Conservation and Consumption Reduction, Regulations on Resource Conservation Management , etc. to manage the
efficient utilization of resources such as energy, water, packaging materials, and paper. It always focuses on energy
conservation and emission reduction in production and operation, in an effort to reduce the impact on the environment
and natural resources and promote the sustainable and harmonious development of enterprises and the environment.

The Group advocates a “green and low-carbon” office culture. During the Reporting Period, it further added hygiene,
recovery and recycling in the Proposal for Energy Saving and Consumption Reduction , encouraging employees to
strengthen effective measures for energy conservation and consumption reduction such as the reuse of recyclables,
and enhancing the awareness of all employees on environmental protection.


7.2.1 Energy Conservation
The Group constantly promotes conservation and efficient utilization of energy and reduces greenhouse gas emissions
from energy use. Compared to 2020, the conversion of electricity for comprehensive energy consumption intensity of
the Group is reduced by 21.5% in 2021. In addition, the electricity consumption intensity of the Group is expected to
be reduced by at least 2% by the end of 2023 comparing with 2020, and the Group takes the following measures to
manage various energy consumption.




                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        106
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report
      (CONTINUED)




                        Electricity is mainly used in pharmaceutical production and daily office:
                         Scheduling production reasonably to reduce the production time in hot summer and
                             reduce the energy consumption of workshops;
                         Assigning dedicated personnel to conduct routine supervision and inspection of the use of
                             electricity, and shut down the powered equipment in a timely manner;
                         Replacing old electric appliances, installing energy-saving lamps such as LED lamps, and
         Electricity         adopting solar equipment for street lamps and surveillance facilities;
                         Setting the air conditioning temperature to 26 degrees Celsius, and regularly maintaining
                             the air conditioners to reduce energy consumption;
                         Rearranging unreasonable layout of electrical wiring that waste electric power in office
                             areas;
                         Posting slogans in workshops, office areas and other spaces to promote energy
                             conservation and emission reduction.

                        Fuel is used mainly by boilers in the pharmaceutical production process:
                         Small gas boilers have been put into use, and their use is reasonably adjusted according to
                              the production load to reduce unnecessary fuel consumption;
                         Strictly preventing the energy waste due to steam and liquid leakage or dripping, etc.;
         Boiler fuel
                         Maintaining boilers regularly to ensure reasonable and efficient use of gas boilers;
                         Detecting and repairing the leakage of volatile organic compounds on a regular basis to
                              reduce emission and leakage of the sealing points;
                         Purchasing high-quality clean fuels to ensure efficient fuel utilization.
                        Gasoline is used mainly by vehicles for business use:
                         Strictly implementing the Regulations on Vehicle Management , implementing vehicle
                            registration and approval system for vehicle use, and encouraging employees to travel
                            together to reduce the frequency of vehicle use; requiring drivers of corporate vehicles to
                            do mileage registration and standardizing the use of corporate vehicles;

          Gasoline
                         Regularly inspecting and maintaining vehicles to ensure their normal operation and reduce
                            fuel consumption;
                         Encouraging employees to walk or take the battery-powered bicycles in the industry park
                            as much as possible;
                         Replacing vehicles that have been used for many years and consume a lot of fuel with
                            vehicles of smaller engines, and preferring new-energy vehicles during purchase of new
                            vehicles.

                        Diesel oil is used mainly by greenhouses’ insulation equipment and vehicles for the agricultural
                        and livestock business, and standby power generators for the pharmaceutical production
                        business:

          Diesel oil     Reasonably scheduling transportation, to reduce the number of transportation times and
                             the frequency of diesel engine use;
                         Diesel generators are standby power generators for production; the pharmaceutical
                             production department reduces the frequency of diesel generator use through staggered
                             production peak scheduling, and regularly maintains diesel generators.


      The Group’s GHG emissions mostly come from direct emissions (Scope 1) of energy consumption of natural gas,
      gasoline, diesel oil, etc., and indirect emissions of purchased electricity (Scope 2).

107   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                  Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                                                           (CONTINUED)




                                                           Table 23 GHG Emission Data

                                                                                                        Unit                             Year 2021
    Direct GHG emission (Scope 1)1                                                                    Ton CO2e                             5,540.3
    Indirect GHG emission (Scope 2)2                                                                  Ton CO2e                             4,866.8
    Total GHG emission (Scope 1 + 2)                                                                  Ton CO2e                            10,407.1
    Total GHG emission (Scope 1 + 2) intensity                                                   Ton CO2e/million RMB                        1.13

In line with China’s “dual carbon” goals, the Group set a target in 2020, expecting that by the end of 2023, the total
GHG emission intensity will decline by no less than 5% from 2020 levels. Through the consumption control of various
types of energy, the Group’s GHG emissions have been successfully controlled, the GHG emission intensity has
decreased by 33.7% in 2021 Compared to 2020.

7.2.2 Water Conservation
The Group’s water consumption mainly derives from production and cleaning in drug plants, agricultural irrigation and
livestock cultivation, as well as daily use by employees. Through internal policies such as the Resource-conserving
Management Regulations, Management Regulations on Energy Conservation and Consumption Reduction, and
Regulations on Green Agriculture and Livestock , the Group strengthens the management of water consumption
and enhances employees’ awareness of water conservation. During the Reporting Period, Kangzhe Hunan carried
out comprehensive inspection of the pipeline network across the factory to prevent leakage and dripping and fixed
all problems with hidden risks, thereby reducing the water waste. The Group has set a target to reduce the water
consumption intensity by at least 5% by the end of 2023, comparing with 2020 and urges all water-using units to
implement water-saving measures.

                                            Installing multi-level water meters in each workshop to effectively monitor the water
                                             consumption of key segments;
                                            Comprehensively checking, maintaining, and repairing the water supply system in the
       Production area                       factory to reduce the waste of water;
      in pharmaceutical                     Recycling and reusing the cooling water for production in workshops;
           factories                        Collecting the domestic wastewater and production wastewater to the self-built sewage
                                             treatment station for treatment, and then recycling
                                            Avoiding excessive, irrigation water use, making the maximum use of the water treated
                                             by the sewage treatment station for watering, and extending the watering cycle properly.

                                            Upgrading the livestock and poultry breeding water equipment to automatic water-
                                             saving equipment;
       Agricultural and
                                            Replacing spray irrigation by drip irrigation in the greenhouse to reduce the water waste;
       livestock areas
                                            Using reservoirs and pipeline ditches to store rainwater, and basically realizing the use of
                                             natural water for greenhouse irrigation.

                                            Promoting water conservation and punishing act of water wasting from the source;
                                            Substituting water-saving taps in office areas, dormitories, canteens, and other places,
    Employees’ office and
                                             and adjusting properly the auto-flushing interval;
        living areas
                                            Upgrading some aged automatic flush valves to prevent water waste due to the aging of
                                             equipment.


1
 Direct GHG emission: refers to emission from sources owned or controlled by a company, such as emission from coal-fired boilers, fuel vehicles, or processes
owned or controlled by a company. ---- GHG Protocol Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard (Revised Edition)
2
 Indirect GHG emission: refers to emission that is caused by the activities of a company but occurs from emission sources owned or controlled by other
companies. ---- GHG Protocol Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard (Revised Edition)


                                                                                                      CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED                     108
                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report
      (CONTINUED)




      Each subsidiary of the Group regularly monitors and measures the risk of water use in operation; Kangzhe Hunan
      conducts a routine inspection of purified water once a week and a systematic verification once a year in accordance
      with the methods specified in the Pharmacopoeia of the People’s Republic of China ; according to the requirements of
      national standards, drinking water is inspected once a month, and a qualified third-party institution is commissioned
      for audit and inspection every year. Hebei Xili engaged a third-party institution to inspect the tap water every year.
      Hunan Agriculture and Livestock formulated the Hunan Agriculture and Livestock Water Testing Methods , adopting
      the inspection methods of “seeing, smelling, observing, drinking, tasting and checking”, inspects the tap water every
      month, and invites health inspection and quarantine authorities to come to the site for centralized inspection and
      testing once a year, thereby ensuring that the water quality meets the standard and guaranteeing water safety.


      7.2.3 Packaging Material and Paper Conservation
      The Group requires warehouse management personnel to use packaging materials as per the need, and strictly
      control the quantity of packaging materials to reduce unnecessary waste according to the Material Distribution
      Regulations . In addition, the Group has taken the following measures to promote the recycling of packaging materials
      and reduce the quantity of packaging materials:


                     Recycling packaging materials                                 Reducing packaging materials

            Hunan Agriculture and Livestock stipulates that all              Using machines for packaging and carrying
             packaging materials shall meet environmental protection           out training on packaging operations to reduce
             requirements, and packaging recycling marks that meet             waste of packaging materials;
             national standards shall be clearly printed on them;             Delivering goods in the whole package
            Setting up packaging material recovery sites at                   whenever possible and reducing the use of
             warehouses, so that the recyclable packaging materials            packaging materials.
             generated from the returned products and in other
             processes are classified and recovered;
            Recovering reusable materials such as damaged and
             old separation films, and using them as other fillers.



      The Group imposes corresponding environmental requirements for packaging material suppliers, insists on choosing
      environment-friendly packaging materials with higher cost-effectiveness, and requires cooperative packaging material
      suppliers to provide their environmental evaluation certificates and material quality inspection certificates for production
      materials. The amount of formaldehyde released from cartons, pearl cotton, blister boxes and adhesives of various
      packaging materials shall meet the E2-level requirements of GB18580-2001 Indoor Decorating and Renovating
      Materials - Limit of Formaldehyde Emission of Wood-based Panels and Finishing Products .

      The Group insists on regulated paper use, and suggests double-sided printing and the diversified use of paper; waste
      paper recovery bins are provided to encourage the secondary use of the paper not bearing confidential information, to
      fully promote a paperless office environment.




109   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                   Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                          (CONTINUED)




                                      Table 24 Energy and Resource Utilization Data


                                                                                      Unit              Year 2021
 Conversion of electricity for comprehensive energy consumption                       kWh              31,030,740.3
 – Purchased electricity                                                              kWh              7,970,635.2
 – Purchased electricity intensity                                              kWh/million RMB           863.54
                                                                                         3
 – Natural gas                                                                         m               1,101,296.0
 – Alcohol-based liquid fuel                                                           Ton                1,664.4
 – Gasoline                                                                           Liter              69,872.7
 – Diesel oil                                                                         Liter                857.5
 – Liquefied gas                                                                       Kg                  855.0
 Conversion of electricity for comprehensive energy consumption intensity       kWh/million RMB          3,361.87
                                                                                         3
 Total water consumption                                                               m                206,317.2
 Total water consumption intensity                                               m3/million RMB            22.35
 Total packaging material                                                              Ton                 831.7
 – Paper product                                                                       Ton                 476.5
 – Glass bottle                                                                        Ton                 213.1
 – Plastics                                                                            Ton                 142.1
 Total packaging material intensity                                             Ton/million RMB            0.09
 Office paper                                                                          Ton                 11.7


7.3 Environment and Natural Resource
The Group focuses on developing employees’ awareness of environmental protection, delivering green business
philosophy, constantly exploring the operation mode of harmonious coexistence with nature, protecting biodiversity,
and promoting green, harmonious and sustainable development with stakeholders. The Group’s operating process
has not involved the extraction and utilization of large quantities of natural resources, nor has had any material
environmental impact. The Group has developed regulations such as Factory Environment Sanitation Management
Procedures and Comprehensive Contingency Plan for Environmental Emergencies to implement internal management
and protect the environment and natural resources.

The Group pays continuous attention to the protection of biodiversity in surrounding areas in pharmaceutical
production business and agriculture and livestock business. The Group’s business does not involve animal testing,
none of its products and services have had any significant impact on biodiversity, and none of its operation sites have
been set up in critical areas for nature conservation.

The Group’s subsidiary Hunan Agriculture and Livestock has formulated the Regulations on Green Agriculture and
Livestock to actively drive the realization of harmless agricultural and livestock production technology, systematic
conservation of ecological environment, and environmentally friendly agricultural and livestock products, in an effort to
control and mitigate environmental pollution. The Group’s protection measures for environmental and natural resources
include but are not limited to:


                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          110
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report
      (CONTINUED)




                Office areas              Pharmaceutical production areas              Agriculture and livestock areas

           Promoting green office           Standardizing procurement to            Cleaning animal enclosure every day,
            program in a top-down             prevent environmental damages            and carrying out regular sanitary
            manner, starting from             such as over-harvesting and              inspection to reduce the impact of
            daily trifles to reduce           destruction of biodiversity, etc.;       the breeding area on the surrounding
            resource consumption;            Strengthening greening project           air and water area;
           Effectively managing              in factories and protecting             Setting up double-layer protection in
            the waste generated               surrounding water and soil               the breeding area to strictly prevent
            in daily work and life,           resources.                               the pollution to the surrounding
            proposing and practicing                                                   environment;
            cyclic utilization to lower                                               Collecting and using natural
            impacts on surrounding                                                     precipitation for irrigation to reduce
            environment.                                                               the consumption of purchased water
                                                                                       sources.



      7.4 Climate Change Response
      The Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosure (TCFD) was created by the Financial Stability Board (FSB)
      in 2015 to develop consistent guidelines for enterprises in order to assist them in making voluntary climate-related
      financial risk disclosures. Aligned with the recommendations of the TCFD, the Group voluntarily discloses climate-
      related information for the four sections of governance, strategy, risk management and metrics and targets through
      the consistent, comparable, reliable, clear and efficient framework, and will gradually improve the disclosure content in
      the coming years.


      7.4.1 Governance
      The main responsibilities of the ESG Committee under the Board of Directors of the Group include formulating and
      reviewing the Group’s climate change-related management policies, strategies and structures, identifying trends, risks
      and opportunities related to climate change, and supervising the setting and accomplishment of the Group’s climate
      change-related targets.


      7.4.2 Strategy
      The Group acknowledges that climate change will bring a variety of risks and opportunities to the Group’s business.
      During the year, the Group identified physical risks and transition risks with significant impacts and likelihood from the
      perspective of business and day-to-day operations, explored potential opportunities, and actively took into account
      the results of analysis in making the Group’s strategic decisions.




111   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                                (CONTINUED)




                                         Table 25 Identified Climate-related Risks


Risk type               Implication                           Potential risks                 Potential financial impact
Physical Risk

              Asset losses caused by               Damage to the Group's fixed assets       Write-offs and early retirement of
              increasingly frequent extreme        such as office properties, plant         existing assets;
              weather and climate-related          buildings, equipment and office          Reduced revenue due to
              natural disasters such as            facilities, operation and production     diminished operation and
Acute risk    typhoons, heavy rains, floods,       interruption, and threats to the         production capacity resulting
              fires, heat waves, and other         normal operations and labor safety       from transportation difficulties,
              weather events.                      of enterprises and the supply chain,     supply chain interruption, and
                                                   caused by extreme weather.               staff’s health and safety issues
                                                                                            caused by disasters.

              Long-term shifts in climate          Change in the supply of raw materials    Reduced revenue due to supply
              patterns, such as rising global      for pharmaceutical production, as a      chain interruption caused by raw
              temperatures, rising sea levels,     result of the animal and plant growth    material shortages;
 Chronic      reduced water resources,             environment change caused by             Increased use and operating
  risk        biodiversity loss and changes in     climate change.                          costs of resources and energy
              land productivity.                                                            due to continuous temperature
                                                                                            rise.

Transition Risk

              Risks arising from relevant          Potential impact on the Group of         Increased compliance costs;
              policy regulations, such as          policies to be launched regarding        Write-off of existing assets, asset
              energy efficiency requirements       the reduction of greenhouse gas          impairment, and early retirement
              and guidelines, more aggressive      emissions, use of less polluting         due to policy changes.
              carbon reduction strategies          energy, implementation of energy-
              adopted by countries, carbon         saving solutions, implementation
Policy risk
              pricing or carbon tax regimes        of water-saving measures, etc.
              implemented in the markets           and potentially stricter disclosure
              in which the Group operates,         requirements from exchanges under
              and stricter public disclosure       China's "dual carbon" goal.
              requirements.


              Change in the supply and             Changes in the incidence and             R&D costs for enhancing the
              demand of existing products          infection rates of certain diseases,     effectiveness of pharmaceutical
              and services due to the              and increased requirements from          products and services.
Market risk   intensified impact of factors        patients for the effectiveness of
              related to climate change.           corresponding medical products and
                                                   services due to the impact of climatic
                                                   factors.

              If enterprises fail to take timely   Given investors' growing demand          Reduced revenue due to
              measures, the production and         and expectations for environment-        reduced demand for products/
              operation process will have a        friendly and low-carbon financing        services;
              long-term destructive impact         and investment, potential risks of       Additional costs resulting from
Reputation
              on the climate, which will in turn   failing to meet the expectations of      the transition to low-emission
   risk
              have a negative impact on the        customers, staff, business partners,     production processes;
              reputation of enterprises.           and investors in the Group’s             Decreased available funds.
                                                   environmental performance.



                                                                                  CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           112
                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report
      (CONTINUED)




                                        Table 26 Identified Climate-related Opportunities


       Opportunity
                                Implication                Potential opportunities             Potential financial impact
          type

                      With the development and          In the operation process, the       Reduced operating costs;
                      iteration of technology and       Group effectively controls          Increased production capacity and
                      the optimization of operation     the use of resources in             increased revenue.
                      processes, the efficiency of      pharmaceutical production,
                      the use of various types of       agriculture and livestock, office
         Resource     resources in the operation        work and other aspects by
        opportunity   process of enterprises            implementing the resource
                      continues to improve.             management system and
                                                        equipment renewal, so as
                                                        to improve the efficiency of
                                                        resource use.

                      Opportunities brought by          Change in the Group’s energy        Lowered levelized cost of energy,
                      transformation of energy          use structure and carbon            and lowered operating costs of
                      sources and supply methods for    market trading opportunities        the Group;
                      enterprise energy consumption,    brought by the vigorous             Lowered carbon costs or
                      thanks to the evolving            promotion of the new energy         additional profit through carbon
                      technology.                       industry by the policy and          trading;
          Energy                                        technological environment and       Reduced financing difficulties and
        opportunity                                     the establishment of the carbon     increased availability of capital for
                                                        market under China's "dual          low-carbon enterprises;
                                                        carbon" goal.                       Improved reputation leading to
                                                                                            increased consumers' demand
                                                                                            for products and services ,which
                                                                                            contributes to higher revenue.

                      New opportunities in products     Under the broad trend of            Increased revenue thanks to
                      and services brought by           consumption upgrade driven          consumers’ demand for low-
                      consumers' willingness to pay     by the rapid development            emission products and services.
                      for the added value of products   of China's economy, the
                      and changes in consumer           preference of consumption has
                      preferences.                      changed, and more attention
         Product                                        is paid to the transmission of
        opportunity                                     values in purchasing behavior.
                                                        The Group's carbon emission
                                                        control may give the brand an
                                                        additional implication of low
                                                        carbon and environmental
                                                        protection to cater for the needs
                                                        of consumers.

                      Changes in the market             Due to the impact of climate        Increased demand for existing
                      landscape due to climate          change, the infection rates         products results in revenue
                      change, including the changes     and incidence of diseases           growth;
                      in the volumes of existing        change, which leads to the          Sales of innovative drugs drives
          Market      product and service markets       changes in demand for different     additional revenue.
        opportunity   and the emergence of new          pharmaceutical products and
                      markets.                          services, and the emergence
                                                        of the demand for innovative
                                                        drugs.



113   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                   Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                             (CONTINUED)




7.4.3 Risk Management
In accordance with the classification of climate-related risks and potential financial impacts in the guidance issued
by the TCFD, the Group carries out the climate-related risk identification work based on its business type and
its operations. The Emergency Response Plan for Environmental Incident and the Regulations on Environmental
Protection have been formulated that cover relevant management regulations on response to climate change with an
aim to adapt to climate change and mitigate disaster risks. To effectively address the identified climate-related risks,
the Group has taken a number of measures:


               To address physical risks:                                     To address transition risks:

     Augmenting investment in energy-saving and                    When building new plants in the future, the Group
      emission-reduction measures, such as increasing                will carefully select construction sites, improve
      the proportion of renewable energy used and                    the quality of construction materials, and change
      reducing dependence on fossil fuels;                           for high-quality equipment to reduce or avoid the
     Setting up an emergency team to strengthen                     impact of extreme weather;
      routine inspection of office areas and factories,             Continuously tracking changes in diseases
      check that equipment is in good operation, and try             worldwide, including pandemics, and adjusting
      to eliminate safety risks (e.g., strengthening routing         pharmaceutical production plans and innovative
      inspection, and taking further thermal insulation              drug deployment plans based on analysis results.
      measures for water pipes in cold winter, etc.).


7.4.4 Metrics and Targets
To supervise and review the Group’s performance on climate change management, the Group will disclose climate-
related quantitative indicators in its annual reports, and the ESG Working Group will be responsible for setting the
Group’s climate change-related targets and conducting regular follow-up reviews after they are checked and approved
by the Board of Directors.

                                  Table 27 Climate change-related metrics and targets


                      Metrics                                     Year 2021                        Target
 Direct GHG emission (Scope 1)                                 5,540.3 Ton CO2e         To reduce total GHG emission
 Indirect GHG emission (Scope 2)                               4,866.8 Ton CO2e         intensity by no less than 5% in
 Total GHG emission (Scope 1 + 2) intensity            1.13 Ton CO2e /million RMB         2023 comparing with 2020




                                                                                CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED      114
                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report
      (CONTINUED)




      8.     Community Dedication
      The Group considers the efforts in promoting medical advancement as a momentum for its development, continuously
      pays close attention to the needs of communities, incorporates social service undertakings into the Group’s long-
      term planning, and actively assumes corporate social responsibility. During the Reporting Period, the Group vigorously
      carried out a number of community service and public welfare activities such as health care, disease science
      popularization and charitable donations, to help build a healthy, harmonious and sustainable community environment.


      8.1 Promoting Medical Advancement
      The Group actively organises disease education activities for general patients. By cooperating with social groups,
      academic social organizations, and others, and utilising digital conference platforms, the Group promotes the
      dissemination and popularization of professional medical knowledge, and deepens the understanding and prevention
      of various diseases among community residents. During the Reporting Period, the Group continued to carry out
      various activities to contribute to the medical advancement, including but not limited to:

      •     Live-streaming event on National Eye Health Day
      The Group joined hands with JD Health to hold a large live-streaming event under the theme of “Actively Prevent
      and Control Myopia and Build a Bright Future Together”. Multiple well-known ophthalmologists were invited to give
      speeches. The live-streaming event attracted more than 10,000 people who watched and liked the event.

      •      Public lecture on inflammatory bowel disease
      The Group teamed up with the Gastroenterology Branch of Chinese Medical Association, to hold a large-scale public
      lecture on World Inflammatory Bowel Disease Day, inviting experts in the field to talk about some of the most typical
      topics that patients were most concerned about. The total number of viewers online and offline exceeded 2,000.

      •      Public service event on hypertension
      Over the years, the Group has continuously held public service consultation and health education activities for
      hypertension patients. During the Reporting Period, partnering with the Hypertension Branch of the Chinese Geriatrics
      Society, the Group held the “October - the Hypertension Publicity Month” activity, during which 30 offline public service
      consultation and patient education sessions were held, more than 200 medical staff participated, more than 700
      patients attended.


      8.2 Participation in Public Service Activities
      In order to continuously fulfill social responsibilities and provide management standards for various public service
      activities, the Group has formulated and released the External Donation Management Policy to further define the
      principles of community public service donations, types of donations, internal approval procedures and rules. The
      Group requires that donations be made for legal, compliant, voluntary and non-profit purposes, that continuous
      attention be given to recipients of donations or their communities and the influence of donations be tracked. By
      preparing an annual quantitative tracking summary, the Group ensures that its donations serve the intended purposes
      and play a role in promoting community development.




115   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                   Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                           (CONTINUED)




During the Reporting Period, the Group took initiative to explore and grasp social activity opportunities that contributed
to the development of public services, and successfully held a number of public service activities. The total amount of
donation for public services in communities was about RMB1.2 million, including but not limited to:

•      The Group actively contributed to the reconstruction work in Henan Province which was devastated by
       torrential rains and floods by donating RMB1.00 million to Henan Charity General Federation. All the donated
       funds have been used to support Henan’s anti-flood program according to continuous tracking and follow-up.

•      Since 2003, the Group’s subsidiary in Hunan has been conducting long-term donation and funding for
       education to local educational institutions in Li County, Hunan Province. During the Reporting Period, it donated
       education funds of RMB130,000, all of which were used to reward and support outstanding teachers and
       poverty students. As of the end of 2021, its accumulated funding for local education bureaus and schools
       totaled about RMB1.15 million.

•      Since 2017, the Group’s subsidiary in Hunan has continuously carried out its nursing home support program,
       regularly providing benefits to local nursing homes in Li County, Hunan Province. During the Reporting Period,
       the Group provided seasonal fruits to over 40 elderly people in nursing homes, donating materials worth about
       RMB25,000.

•      Since 2016, the Group’s subsidiary in Hunan has provided free agricultural technology guidance to farmers
       around Li County, Hunan Province, as well as hired an annual average of about 5,000 local farmers, driving the
       re-employment of the local farmers in the neighborhood.

•      For 3 consecutive years, the Group’s Shenzhen subsidiary participated in the “Urban Superman” activity
       in Majialong Community in Shenzhen, donated about RMB25,000 accumulatively to 7 residents living in
       difficulties, and received the title of “Ambassador for Making Dreams Come True” from the local community.

•      The Group’s Shenzhen subsidiary donated consolation supplies to anti-pandemic and vaccination staff in
       Majialong Community in Shenzhen, expressing gratitude to the frontline anti-pandemic staff in communities
       through real actions.




                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          116
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report
      (CONTINUED)




      Appendix 1 Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide Content Index

             Environmental, Social and Governance General Disclosure and KPIs                                  Chapter
       A. Environmental
                                    Information on:
                                    (a) the policies; and
                                    (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have
                        General
                                    a significant impact on the issuer                               7. Environmental Protection
                       Disclosure
                                    relating to air and greenhouse gas emissions, discharges
                                    into water and land, and generation of hazardous and non-
                                    hazardous waste.
                                                                                                     7.1 Environmental Protection
                          A1.1      The types of emissions and respective emissions data
                                                                                                     Emission Control
                                                                                                     7.2 Environmental Protection
                                    Direct (Scope 1) and energy indirect (Scope 2) greenhouse
                                                                                                     Resource Management
                          A1.2      gas emissions (in tonnes) and, where appropriate, intensity
                                                                                                     7.4 Environmental Protection
                                    (e.g. per unit of production volume, per facility).
                                                                                                     Climate Change Response
       A1: Emissions
                                    Total hazardous waste produced (in tonnes) and, where
                                                                                                     7.1 Environmental Protection
                          A1.3      appropriate, intensity (e.g. per unit of production volume,
                                                                                                     Emission Control
                                    per facility).

                                    Total non-hazardous waste produced and, where
                                                                                                     7.1 Environmental Protection
                          A1.4      appropriate, intensity (e.g. per unit of production volume,
                                                                                                     Emission Control
                                    per facility).

                                    Description of emission target(s) set and steps taken to         7.1 Environmental Protection
                          A1.5
                                    achieve them                                                     Emission Control

                                    Description of how hazardous and non-hazardous wastes
                                                                                                     7.1 Environmental Protection
                          A1.6      are handled, and a description of reduction target(s) set
                                                                                                     Emission Control
                                    and steps taken to achieve them.

                        General     Policies on the efficient use of resources, including energy,
                                                                                                     7. Environmental Protection
                       Disclosure   water and other raw materials.

                                    Direct and/or indirect energy consumption by type (e.g.
                                                                                                     7.2 Environmental Protection
                          A2.1      electricity, gas or oil) in total (kWh in ’000s) and intensity
                                                                                                     Resource Management
                                    (e.g. per unit of production volume, per facility).

                                    Water consumption in total and intensity (e.g. per unit of       7.2 Environmental Protection
                          A2.2
                                    production volume, per facility).                                Resource Management
       A2: Use of
       Resources                    Description of energy use efficiency target(s) set and steps     7.2 Environmental Protection
                          A2.3
                                    taken to achieve them.                                           Resource Management

                                    Description of whether there is any issue in sourcing water
                                                                                                     7.2 Environmental Protection
                          A2.4      that is fit for purpose, water efficiency target(s) set and
                                                                                                     Resource Management
                                    steps taken to achieve them.

                                    Total packaging material used for finished products (in
                                                                                                     7.2 Environmental Protection
                          A2.5      tonnes) and, if applicable, with reference to per unit
                                                                                                     Resource Management
                                    produced.




117   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                         (CONTINUED)




Appendix 1 Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide Content Index - continued

      Environmental, Social and Governance General Disclosure and KPIs                             Chapter
A. Environmental

                                                                                         7.3 Environmental Protection
               General     Policies on minimizing the issuer’s significant impacts on
                                                                                         Environment and Natural
A3: The       Disclosure   the environment and natural resources.
                                                                                         Resource
Environment
and Natural
Resources                  Description of the significant impacts of activities on the   7.3 Environmental Protection
                   A3.1    environment and natural resources and the actions taken       Environment and Natural
                           to manage them.                                               Resource

                           Policies on identification and mitigation of significant
               General                                                                   7.4 Environmental Protection
                           climate-related issues which have impacted, and those
              Disclosure                                                                 Climate Change Response
                           which may impact, the issuer.
A4: Climate
Change
                           Description of the significant climate-related issues which
                                                                                         7.4 Environmental Protection
                   A4.1    have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer,
                                                                                         Climate Change Response
                           and the actions taken to manage them.

B. Social
Employment and Labour Practices


                           Information on:
                           (a) the policies; and
                           (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have
               General     a significant impact on the issuer                            5.1 People-oriented Practice
              Disclosure   relating to compensation and dismissal, recruitment and       Employment Compliance
                           promotion, working hours, rest periods, equal opportunity,
B1:                        diversity, anti-discrimination, and other benefits and
Employment                 welfare.


                           Total workforce by gender, employment type (for example,      5.1 People-oriented Practice
                   B1.1
                           full- or part-time), age group and geographical region.       Employment Compliance

                           Employee turnover rate by gender, age group and               5.1 People-oriented Practice
                   B1.2
                           geographical region.                                          Employment Compliance

                           Information on:
                           (a) the policies; and
               General     (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have   5.2 People-oriented Practice
              Disclosure   a significant impact on the issuer relating to providing a    Employees Care
                           safe working environment and protecting employees from
                           occupational hazards.
B2: Health
and Safety                 Number and rate of work-related fatalities occurred in each   5.2 People-oriented Practice
                   B2.1
                           of the past three years including the reporting year.         Employees Care

                                                                                         5.2 People-oriented Practice
                   B2.2    Lost days due to work injury.
                                                                                         Employees Care

                           Description of occupational health and safety measures        5.2 People-oriented Practice
                   B2.3
                           adopted, and how they are implemented and monitored.          Employees Care




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED      118
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report
      (CONTINUED)




       Appendix 1 Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide Content Index - continued

             Environmental, Social and Governance General Disclosure and KPIs                               Chapter
       B. Social
       Employment and Labour Practices

                                   Policies on improving employees’ knowledge and skills
                                   for discharging duties at work. Description of training
                       General                                                                    5.1 People-oriented Practice
                                   activities.
                      Disclosure                                                                  Employment Compliance
                                   Note: Training refers to vocational training. It may include
       B3:                         internal and external courses paid by the employer.
       Development
       and Training                The percentage of employees trained by gender and
                                                                                                  5.1 People-oriented Practice
                        B3.1       employee category (e.g. mid-level and senior management,
                                                                                                  Employment Compliance
                                   general employees).

                                   The average training hours completed per employee by           5.1 People-oriented Practice
                        B3.2
                                   gender and employee category.                                  Employment Compliance

                                   Information on:
                                   (a) the policies; and
                       General                                                                    5.1 People-oriented Practice
                                   (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have
                      Disclosure                                                                  Employment Compliance
                                   a significant impact on the issuer
       B4: Labour                  relating to preventing child and forced labour.
       Standards
                                   Description of measures to review employment practices         5.1 People-oriented Practice
                        B4.1
                                   to avoid child and forced labour.                              Employment Compliance

                                   Description of steps taken to eliminate such practices         5.1 People-oriented Practice
                        B4.2
                                   when discovered.                                               Employment Compliance
       Operating Practices
                      General      Policies on managing environmental and social risks of the     6. Cooperation and Mutual
                      Disclosure   supply chain.                                                  Benefit

                                                                                                  6.1 Cooperation and Mutual
                      B5.1         Number of suppliers by geographical region.                    Benefit
                                                                                                  Supply Chain Management

                                   Description of practices relating to engaging suppliers,
                                                                                                  6.1 Cooperation and Mutual
                                   number of suppliers where the practices are being
                      B5.2                                                                        Benefit
                                   implemented, and how they are implemented and
                                                                                                  Supply Chain Management
                                   monitored.

       B5: Supply                                                                                 6.1 Cooperation and Mutual
       Chain                                                                                      Benefit
       Management                  Description of practices used to identify environmental        Supply Chain Management
                      B5.3         and social risks along the supply chain, and how they are      6.2 Cooperation and Mutual
                                   implemented and monitored.                                     Benefit
                                                                                                  Sustainable Development of
                                                                                                  Supply Chain

                                                                                                  6.1 Cooperation and Mutual
                                                                                                  Benefit
                                   Description of practices used to promote environmentally       Supply Chain Management
                      B5.4         preferable products and services when selecting suppliers,     6.2 Cooperation and Mutual
                                   and how they are implemented and monitored.                    Benefit
                                                                                                  Sustainable Development of
                                                                                                  Supply Chain

119   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                   Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                               (CONTINUED)




Appendix 1 Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide Content Index - continued

      Environmental, Social and Governance General Disclosure and KPIs                                   Chapter
B. Social
Operating Practices

                              Information on:
                              (a) the policies; and
                              (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have
                 General
                              a significant impact on the issuer                              4. Product Liability
                 Disclosure
                              relating to health and safety, advertising, labelling and
                              privacy matters relating to products and services provided
                              and methods of redress.

                                                                                              4.2 Product Liability
                              Percentage of total products sold or shipped subject to
                 B6.1                                                                         Pharmacovigilance and
                              recalls for safety and health reasons.
                                                                                              Product Recall

                              Number of products and service related complaints               4.1 Product Liability
                 B6.2
B6: Product                   received and how they are dealt with.                           Quality of Product and Service
Responsibility
                                                                                              4.5 Product Liability
                              Description of practices relating to observing and
                 B6.3                                                                         Protection of
                              protecting intellectual property rights.
                                                                                              Intellectual Properties Rights

                                                                                              4.1 Product Liability
                                                                                              Quality of Product and Service
                              Description of quality assurance process and recall
                 B6.4                                                                         4.2 Product Liability
                              procedures.
                                                                                              Pharmacovigilance and
                                                                                              Product Recall

                                                                                              4.3 Product Liability
                              Description of consumer data protection and privacy
                 B6.5                                                                         Privacy Protection and
                              policies, and how they are implemented and monitored.
                                                                                              Information Security


                              Information on:
                              (a) the policies; and
                 General
                              (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have     3. Compliance Operation
                 Disclosure
                              a significant impact on the issuer
                              relating to bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering.


                              Number of concluded legal cases regarding corrupt
                              practices brought against the issuer or its employees           3.1 Compliance Operation
                 B7.1
B7: Anti-                     during the Reporting Period and the outcomes of the             Anti-corruption Management
corruption                    cases.

                              Description of preventive measures and whistle-
                 B7.2         blowing procedures, and how they are implemented and            3. Compliance Operation
                              monitored.

                                                                                              3.1 Compliance Operation
                                                                                              Anti-corruption Management
                              Description of anti-corruption training provided to directors
                 B7.3                                                                         3.2 Compliance Operation
                              and staff.
                                                                                              Compliant Marketing and
                                                                                              Promotion


                                                                                CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          120
                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report
      (CONTINUED)




       Appendix 1 Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide Content Index - continued

             Environmental, Social and Governance General Disclosure and KPIs                             Chapter
       B. Social
       Community

                                  Policies on community engagement to understand the
                     General      needs of the communities where the issuer operates
                                                                                               8. Community Dedication
                     Disclosure   and to ensure its activities take into consideration the
                                  communities’ interests.


                                                                                               8.1 Community Dedication
       B8:                                                                                     Promoting Medical
       Community                  Focus areas of contribution (e.g. education, environmental   Advancement
                     B8.1
       Investment                 concerns, labour needs, health, culture, sport).             8.2 Community Dedication
                                                                                               Participation in Public Service
                                                                                               Activities


                                                                                               8.2 Community Dedication
                                  Resources contributed (e.g. money or time) to the focus
                     B8.2                                                                      Participation in Public Service
                                  area.
                                                                                               Activities




121   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                                                                (CONTINUED)




Appendix 2 Key Environmental KPIs3

                             KPIs                                                 Unit                    Year 2019           Year 2020            Year 2021
    Air Pollutants
    Sulfur Dioxide (SO2)4                                                          Kg                         26.4                  0.0               103.2
                               4
    Nitrogen Oxide (NOx)                                                           Kg                       1,698.6              2,046.1             1,693.7
                                   4
    Particulate Matter (PM)                                                        Kg                         238.4               165.5               143.3
    Wastewater and Pollutants
    Wastewater                                                                     m3                      57,536.7             71,298.0            84,294.4
                                                                            3
    Wastewater intensity                                                  m /million RMB                      8.97                 9.64                9.13
                                       5
    Ammonia Nitrogen (NH3-N)                                                      Ton                          0.1                  0.1                 0.2
                                                   5
    Chemical Oxygen Demand (COD)                                                  Ton                          1.2                  0.8                 2.3
           6
    GHG
    Total GHG emission (Scope 1 + 2)8                                           Ton CO2e                   12,081.5             12,581.5            10,407.1
                                                             8
    Total GHG emission (Scope 1 + 2) intensity                       Ton CO2e /million RMB                    1.88                 1.70                1.13
                                               7
      Direct GHG emission (Scope 1)                                             Ton CO2e                    5,854.1              5,895.3             5,540.3
      Indirect GHG emission (Scope 2)                                           Ton CO2e                    6,227.4              6,686.2             4,866.8
    Solid Waste
    Hazardous waste                                                               Ton                          0.2                  4.3                 3.2
    Hazardous waste intensity                                            Ton/million RMB                    0.00003             0.00058             0.00035
    Non-hazardous waste                                                           Ton                       1,676.8              1,531.3             1,515.6
    Non-hazardous waste intensity                                        Ton/million RMB                      0.26                 0.21                0.16


3
  From 2021 onwards, the Group adopts the revenue “in the case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group” for the calculation of the intensity of
environmental indicators, that is, the total amount of emissions or use divided by the revenue “in the case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group”
(RMB million) during the corresponding reporting period. The intensity data of environmental indicators in 2019 and 2020 have been restated accordingly.
4
  The annual emission of air pollutants is the estimated value, which is calculated from the total natural gas consumption of the boiler, the fixed gas consumption
rated of the boiler and the emission rate. The emission rate comes from the test report of a professional third party hired by the Group so the emission rate is
related to the production status and fuel quality at the test time point. In addition, the calculation method of air pollutants was changed. In the past, the annual
emission was calculated according to the rate of a single test report during the Reporting Period. In 2021, the emission was calculated according to the average
rate of multiple test reports during the Reporting Period. For details of the calculation formula, please refer to Appendix 4 “Calculation of Key Environmental KPIs”
5
  During the Reporting Period, the increase in NH3-N and COD was mainly due to: (1) The calculation method was changed. In the past, the annual emission
was calculated according to the rate of a single test report during the Reporting Period. In 2021, the emission was calculated according to the average rate of
multiple test reports during the Reporting Period. For details of the calculation formula, please refer to Appendix 4 “Calculation of Key Environmental KPIs”; (2)
The increase in production and the increase in the trial production of new drugs lead to an increase in production wastewater; (3) The change in market demand
leads to the adjustment of the production structure, resulting in a change of pollutants in the production wastewater.
6
 The emission factors used in the calculation of GHGs in 2021 come from the revised version of HKEX Appendix II: Guidelines on Reporting Environmental Key
Performance Indicators in May 2021. The emission factors used in the calculation of GHGs from 2019 to 2020 come from the version of HKEX Appendix II:
Guidelines on Reporting Environmental Key Performance Indicators before May 2021 and after 2020.
7
    During the Reporting Period, the GHG emission (Scope 1) included the GHG reduction of newly planted 45 trees by Kangzhe Hunan in 2021.




                                                                                                          CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED                         122
                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report
      (CONTINUED)




      Appendix 2 Key Environmental KPIs - continued

                                        KPIs                                            Unit              Year 2019              Year 2020        Year 2021
           Energy
           Conversion of electricity for comprehensive
                                                                                        kWh             30,443,173.8           31,675,959.7      31,030,740.3
           energy consumption8
           Conversion of electricity for comprehensive                             kWh/million
                                                                                                            4,744.66                 4,283.31      3,361.87
           energy consumption intensity8                                             RMB
            Purchased electricity                                                       kWh              7,010,258.4            7,520,182.0      7,970,635.2
                                                                                   kWh/million
            Purchased electricity intensity                                                                 1,092.58                 1,016.90      863.54
                                                                                     RMB
            Natural gas                                                                    m3              875,788.0            1,057,711.0      1,101,296.0
            Alcohol-based liquid fuel                                                      Ton               2,095.3                  1,914.8      1,664.4
                        8
            Gasoline                                                                    Liter               80,272.9                 67,814.2      69,872.7
                         9
            Diesel oil                                                                  Liter                1,616.9                  2,117.3       857.5
                              10
            Liquefied gas                                                                  Kg                 480.0                   435.0         855.0
           Water Resources
           Total water consumption11                                                       m3              204,687.8                 282,658.0    206,317.2
                                                                                       3
                                                                                    m /million
           Total water consumption intensity                                                                  31.90                   38.22         22.35
                                                                                     RMB
           Packaging Materials/Office paper
           Total packaging materials                                                       Ton                659.3                   932.1         831.7
                                                                                    Ton/million
           Total packaging material intensity                                                                  0.10                    0.13          0.09
                                                                                      RMB
           Office paper12                                                                  Ton                  8.0                     8.3          11.7



      8
           During the Reporting Period, the Group conducted a completeness and consistency review of the environmental data, and found that some production
      gasoline consumption data were missing in 2020. The Group restated the gasoline consumption data in 2020 in this Reporting Period. Relevant data in 2020 are
      also restated, such as comprehensive energy consumption converted electricity and its intensity, and total GHG emissions (scope 1+2) and its intensity.

      9
       During the Reporting Period, most of the diesel oil was consumed by Hunan Agriculture and Livestock. Due to the decline in output, diesel consumption
      decreased.

      10
         During the Reporting Period, all liquefied gas consumption was consumed by Hunan Agriculture and Livestock. As it added a canteen, the consumption of
      liquefied gas for cooking increased.

      11
        During the Reporting Period, Kangzhe Hunan improved the water efficiency through extensive investigation and maintenance of potential water leakage
      problems, resulting in a decrease in the water consumption.

      12
           During the Reporting Period, the number of employees in office increased, resulting in an increase in office paper use.




123   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                       Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                                                                  (CONTINUED)




Appendix 3 Key Social KPIs

                                      KPIs                                          Unit           Year 2019                 Year 2020              Year 2021
     Employment
     Total number of employees                                                    Person              4,052                      4,372                 5,292
      Number of male employees                                                    Person              1,903                      2,024                 2,444
      Number of female employees                                                  Person              2,149                      2,348                 2,848
      Number of employees in mid-level and senior
                                                                                  Person        Non-disclosure            Non-disclosure                 141
     management
       Number of male employees in mid-level and senior
                                                                                  Person        Non-disclosure            Non-disclosure                  97
     management
       Number of female employees in mid-level and senior
                                                                                  Person        Non-disclosure            Non-disclosure                  44
     management
      Number of contracted employees                                              Person              4,052                      4,372                 5,292
      Number of dispatched employees                                              Person                 0                          0                      0
      Number of employees aged under 30                                           Person              2,150                      2,180                 2,108
      Number of employees aged 30-50                                              Person              1,782                      2,042                 3,021
      Number of employees aged over 50                                            Person                120                       150                    163
      Number of Mainland China employees                                          Person        Non-disclosure            Non-disclosure               5,244
      Number of HK, Macao, Taiwan. and overseas
                                                                                  Person        Non-disclosure            Non-disclosure                  48
     employees
     Employee Turnover
     Turnover rate of employees                                                      %                 18.6                      13.9                   17.8
      Turnover rate of male employees                                                %                 19.9                      14.2                   17.8
      Turnover rate of female employees                                              %                 17.3                      13.7                   17.8
      Turnover rate of employees aged under 30                                       %                 20.1                      19.3                   22.3
      Turnover rate of employees aged 30-50                                          %                 17.4                       7.9                   15.3
      Turnover rate of employees aged over 50                                        %                  5.5                       6.8                    9.7
      Turnover rate of Mainland China employees                                      %          Non-disclosure            Non-disclosure                17.9
      Turnover rate of HK, Macao, Taiwan and overseas
                                                                                     %          Non-disclosure            Non-disclosure                14.3
     employees
     Occupational Health and Safety
     Working days lost due to work-related injury13                                 Day                 338                       240                    375
     Number of work-related fatalities                                            Person                 0                          0                      0
     Proportion of work-related fatalities                                           %                   0                          0                      0
     Proportion of employees with occupational health
                                                                                     %                  100                       100                    100
     check benefit


13
     During the Reporting Period, the causes of employees’ work injuries included traffic accidents, collisions and accidental falls on the way to and from work.



                                                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED                    124
                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report
      (CONTINUED)




      Appendix 3 Key Social KPIs - continued

                                          KPIs                                              Unit           Year 2019          Year 2020           Year 2021
           Training and Development
           Total employees training expenditure                                        Million RMB              2.9                5.3                 6.3
           Training coverage of employees                                                    %                 83.0               70.7                73.2
                                                              14
            Training coverage of general employees                                           %                 99.6               98.1                97.2
                                                                                 14
            Training coverage of mid-level and senior management                             %                  0.4                1.9                 2.8
                                                                                                              Non-
            Training coverage of male employees14                                            %                                    47.5                48.6
                                                                                                           disclosure
                                                                                                              Non-
            Training coverage of female employees14                                          %                                    52.5                51.4
                                                                                                           disclosure
           Employees training duration per capita                                          Hour                34.1               18.5                18.0
            Training duration per capita for general employees                             Hour                34.4               18.6                18.2
            Training duration per capita for mid-level and senior
                                                                                           Hour                 3.2               12.6                12.3
           management
                                                                                                              Non-
            Training duration per capita for male employees                                Hour                                   20.2                19.0
                                                                                                           disclosure
                                                                                                              Non-
            Training duration per capita for female employees                              Hour                                   17.0                17.2
                                                                                                           disclosure
           Supplier Management
           Total number of suppliers                                                     Number                106                 116                151
            Number of Mainland China suppliers                                           Number                 87                  78                 98
            Number of HK, Macao, Taiwan and overseas suppliers                           Number                 19                  38                 53
           Quality and Safety of Product and Service
           Response and handling rate for product and service
                                                                                             %                 100                 100                100
           quality related complaints
           Percentage of sold and delivered product recalls due to
                                                                                             %                   0                   0                  0
           safety and health problems
           Number of product and service related complaints                              Number                150                 137                160
           Anti-corruption
           Corruption lawsuits                                                           Number                  0                   0                  0
           Participation in Public Service Activities
           Total donation amount of public service activities                          Million RMB              0.2               18.8                 1.2



      14
        During the Reporting Period, the Group adjusted the calculation method of the training coverage rate of general employees, mid-level and senior management,
      male employees and female employees according to the HKEX Appendix III: Guidelines on Reporting Social Key Performance Indicators. Use the formula:
      Coverage of trained employees by related categories = number of trained employees in related categories/total number of trained employees. The Group has
      restated relevant data for 2019 and 2020 according to this calculation method.




125   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                               (CONTINUED)




Appendix 4 Calculation of Key Environmental KPIs

Statistical targets: the Company, its wholly owned subsidiaries and majority owned subsidiaries
Intensity KPIs: From 2021 onwards, the Group adopts the revenue “in the case that all medicines were directly sold
by the Group” for the calculation of the intensity of environmental indicators, that is, the total amount of emissions or
use divided by the revenue “in the case that all medicines were directly sold by the Group”(RMB million) during the
corresponding reporting period.


   Indicator                 Data source                     Calculation method                 Parameter usage
                                                         Total natural gas
                   Total natural gas consumption:
  Sulfur Dioxide                                         consumption/rated gas          Rate of emission: average value of
                   calculated according to the
      (SO2)                                              consumption of boilers*rate    tests in the environmental test report
                   environmental test report
                                                         of emission

                                                         Total natural gas
                   Total natural gas consumption:
 Nitrogen Oxide                                          consumption/rated gas          Rate of emission: average value of
                   calculated according to the
      (NOx)                                              consumption of boilers*rate    tests in the environmental test report
                   environmental test report
                                                         of emission

                                                         Total natural gas
                   Total natural gas consumption:
   Particulate                                           consumption/rated gas          Rate of emission: average value of
                   calculated according to the
   Matter (PM)                                           consumption of boilers*rate    tests in the environmental test report
                   environmental test report
                                                         of emission

                   Office/domestic wastewater:
                   Water consumption* estimated
                   coefficient or calculated according
   Wastewater      to monitoring result                  /                              /
                   Production wastewater: calculated
                   according to the monthly ledger of
                   sewage treatment amount

                                                         Ammonia nitrogen
    Ammonia        Production wastewater: calculated                                    Ammonia nitrogen concentration:
                                                         concentration*total amount
    Nitrogen       according to the monthly ledger of                                   average value of tests in the
                                                         of production wastewater
     (NH3-N)       sewage treatment amount                                              environmental test report
                                                         discharged

   Chemical        Production wastewater: calculated     COD concentration*total
                                                                                        COD concentration: average value of
    Oxygen         according to the monthly ledger of    amount of production
                                                                                        tests in the environmental test report
 Demand (COD)      sewage treatment amount               wastewater discharged

                                                                                        Carbon dioxide emission coefficient/
                                                         Fuel consumption*(carbon
                                                                                        methane emission coefficient/
                                                         dioxide emission coefficient
                                                                                        methane GWP/nitrous oxide
   Direct GHG                                            + methane emission
                                                                                        emission coefficient/nitrous oxide
     emission      Consumption of fuels                  coefficient*methane GWP
                                                                                        GWP: Appendix 2: Revised version
    (Scope 1)                                            + nitrous oxide emission
                                                                                        of HKEX Appendix II: Guidelines
                                                         coefficient*nitrous oxide
                                                                                        on Reporting Environmental Key
                                                         GWP)
                                                                                        Performance Indicators in May 2021

                                                                                        Power grid carbon emission
  Indirect GHG                                           Electricity consumption        factor: Revised version of HKEX
                   Total amount of purchased
     emission                                            amount*power grid carbon       Appendix II: Guidelines on Reporting
                   electricity
    (Scope 2)                                            emission factor                Environmental Key Performance
                                                                                        Indicators in May 2021



                                                                                   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         126
                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report
      (CONTINUED)




      Appendix 4 Calculation of Key Environmental KPIs - continued

              Indicator                  Data source                    Calculation method         Parameter usage
                                                                    Household garbage per
                               Estimated based on production
       Household garbage                                            day*production days or     /
                               days or working days
                                                                    working days
                                                                    The number of sludge
                               Estimated according to the work
       Sewage sludge                                                bags produced per day *    /
                               record ledger
                                                                    the weight of each bag
                               Total weight of the Chinese
       Chinese herb residue                                         /                          /
                               medicine input

       Amount of waste
                               Calculated according to transfer
       chemicals generated                                          /                          /
                               records of hazardous waste
       in laboratories

                                                                                               Standardized coal
                                                                                               coefficient and electric
                                                                                               power equivalent value:
                                                                    Fuel consumption *         National Standard of
       Comprehensive           Total amount of fuel consumption     standard coal conversion   the People’s Republic
       energy consumption      and purchased electricity            coefficient * electric     of China, General Rules
                                                                    power equivalent value     for Calculation of the
                                                                                               Comprehensive Energy
                                                                                               Consumption (GB/
                                                                                               T2589-2020)

                               Calculated according to the
       Purchased electricity                                        /                          /
                               financial invoice
                               Calculated according to the
       Natural gas                                                  /                          /
                               financial invoice
       Alcohol-based liquid    Calculated according to the
                                                                    /                          /
       fuel                    financial invoice
                               Calculated according to the
       Gasoline                                                     /                          /
                               financial invoice
                               Calculated according to the
       Diesel oil                                                   /                          /
                               financial invoice
                               Calculated according to the
       Liquefied gas                                                /                          /
                               accounting documents
                               Calculated according to the
       Water consumption                                            /                          /
                               financial invoice
                               Calculated according to the actual
       Packaging materials                                          /                          /
                               amount used
                               Calculated according to the actual
       Office Paper                                                 /                          /
                               amount used




127   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                     iNDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF
CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
康哲藥業控股有限公司
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


Opinion

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of China Medical System Holdings Limited (the “Company”)
and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as “the Group”) set out on pages 133 to 253, which comprise the
consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2021, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss
and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash
flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant
accounting policies.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of
the Group as at 31 December 2021, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for
the year then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) and have been properly
prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


Basis for Opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the Hong Kong
Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described
in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are
independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”),
and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence
we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


Key Audit Matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit
of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a
separate opinion on these matters.




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          128
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
      (CONTINUED)




      TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF
      CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED - continued
      康哲藥業控股有限公司
      (incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


      Key Audit Matters - continued

       Key audit matter                                             How our audit addressed the key audit matter

       Impairment of Goodwill


       We identified the impairment of goodwill allocated to a      Our procedures in relation to the impairment of
       cash generating unit of Tianjin Kangzhe Pharmaceutical       goodwill included:
       Technology Development Co., Ltd. (“Tianjin Kangzhe”) as
       a key audit matter due to the involvement of significant     •   Making inquiries with management on their
       judgment of the management in determining the                    bases and assumptions used in relation to the
       impairment of goodwill.                                          preparation of the value in use calculation;

       The impairment of goodwill allocated to a cash generating    •   Checking the mathematical accuracy of the value
       unit of Tianjin Kangzhe is determined based on the higher        in use calculation;
       of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use of
       the cash generating unit. The recoverable amount has         •   Evaluating the reasonableness of the key
       been determined based on value in use calculation,               assumptions including growth rates, discount
       which is based on the cash flow forecasts prepared by            rate and the forecast performance used by the
       management. The impairment model is sensitive to                 management with reference to the historical
       changes in the key assumptions including growth rates,           performance;
       discount rate and the forecast performance based on
       management's view of future business prospects.              •   Checking the inputs used in the cash flow forecast
                                                                        against supporting documentation;
       As at 31 December 2021, the carrying value of goodwill
       allocated to a cash generating unit of Tianjin Kangzhe       •   Evaluating the sensitivity analysis prepared by the
       was RMB990 million. Details relating to the Group's              management on discount rate and growth rates
       goodwill and key sources of estimation uncertainty are set       to assess the extent of impact on the value in use
       out in Note 19 and Note 4 to the consolidated financial          calculation;
       statements, respectively.
                                                                    •   Evaluating the independent professional external
                                                                        valuer’s competence, capabilities and objectivity;
                                                                        and

                                                                    •   Involving our internal valuation specialists to assess
                                                                        the appropriateness of valuation methodology and
                                                                        discount rate adopted.




129   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                             INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
                                                                                                           (CONTINUED)




TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF
CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED - continued
康哲藥業控股有限公司
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


Other Information

The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
information included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s
report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any
form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information
and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial
statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the
work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required
to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


Responsibilities of Directors and Those Charged with Governance for the Consolidated
Financial Statements

The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a
true and fair view in accordance with IFRSs and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance,
and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial
statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic
alternative but to do so.

Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.


Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We
do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable
assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will
always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered
material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of
users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          130
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
      (CONTINUED)




      TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF
      CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED - continued
      康哲藥業控股有限公司
      (incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

      Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements - continued

      As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional
      skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

      •   Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
          fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is
          sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement
          resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional
          omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

      •   Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
          appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
          Group’s internal control.

      •   Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
          related disclosures made by the directors.

      •   Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on
          the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast
          significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty
          exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated
          financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based
          on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may
          cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

      •   Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
          disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events
          in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

      •   Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities
          within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the
          direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

      We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing
      of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during
      our audit.




131   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                           INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
                                                                                                         (CONTINUED)




TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF
CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED - continued
康哲藥業控股有限公司
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

Auditor’s Responsibili ties for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements - continued

We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may
reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or
safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit
matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about
the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our
report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest
benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in the independent auditor’s report is Sy, Sunnie.




Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong
15 March 2022




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         132
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR
      LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021



                                                              NOTES       2021           2020
                                                                       RMB’000        RMB’000

      Revenue                                                   5      8,337,221      6,945,964
      Cost of goods sold                                              (2,090,283)    (1,811,749)
      Gross profit                                                     6,246,938      5,134,215
      Other income                                              6        146,947        107,958
      Other gains and losses                                    7        111,525       (181,438)
      Selling expenses                                                (2,540,147)    (2,053,233)
      Administrative expenses                                           (440,995)      (251,180)
      Finance costs                                             8         (28,270)       (27,520)
      Research and development expenses                                 (114,761)        (66,517)
      Share of results of associates                                       75,352       153,804
      Profit before tax                                               3,456,589      2,816,089
      Income tax expense                                       11      (431,325)      (260,389)
      Profit for the year                                      12     3,025,264      2,555,700
      Item that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
        Fair value loss on equity instruments at fair value
          through other comprehensive income                             (25,315)        (9,327)
      Items that may be reclassified subsequently to
        profit or loss:
        Share of other comprehensive expense
          of associates                                                  (10,541)       (34,127)
        Exchange differences arising from translation of
          foreign operations                                                 991            227
        Change in fair value on cash flow hedges
         - fair value gain (loss)                                          3,929         (5,746)
         - deferred tax relating to change in fair value                    (731)           948
      Other comprehensive expense
       for the year, net of income tax                                   (31,667)       (48,025)
      Total comprehensive income for the year                         2,993,597       2,507,675
      Profit for the year attributable to:
       Owners of the Company                                          3,017,402      2,530,398
       Non-controlling interests                                          7,862         25,302
                                                                      3,025,264      2,555,700
      Total comprehensive income
       for the year attributable to:
         Owners of the Company                                        2,985,735      2,482,373
         Non-controlling interests                                        7,862         25,302
                                                                      2,993,597      2,507,675

                                                                           RMB            RMB
      Earnings per share                                       14
       Basic                                                             1.2228          1.0237



133   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                            Consolidated Statement of
                                                    Financial Position
                                                                                      AT 31 DECEMBER 2021



                                                         NOTES                2021                2020
                                                                           RMB’000             RMB’000
Non-current assets
 Property, plant and equipment                             15               453,154             474,823
 Right-of-use assets                                       16                76,713              56,862
 Interests in associates                                   17             2,687,286           2,639,711
 Intangible assets                                         18             2,215,697           2,239,588
 Goodwill                                                  19             1,691,179           1,214,535
 Equity instruments at fair value through
   other comprehensive income                             20(b)             400,471             415,585
 Deposits paid for acquisition of intangible assets        23               790,483             628,989
 Amount due from an associate                              24                30,000              30,000
 Derivative financial instruments                          32                     -                 682
 Loan receivable                                                             31,879                   -
 Deposit paid for acquisition of a subsidiary              45                15,000                   -
 Deferred tax assets                                       31                36,299              21,759
                                                                          8,428,161           7,722,534
Current assets
 Inventories                                               21               472,598             381,215
 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss    20(a)             977,874               3,884
 Trade and other receivables and prepayments               22             2,204,002           1,705,606
 Tax recoverable                                                             19,469              12,082
 Derivative financial instruments                          32                     -                  49
 Amount due from an associate                              24               320,036             207,271
 Bank balances and cash                                    25             3,385,739           2,668,426
                                                                          7,379,718           4,978,533
Current liabilities
 Trade and other payables                                  26               629,547             619,284
 Lease liabilities                                         27                16,922               7,266
 Contract liabilities                                      28                23,715              14,406
 bank borrowings                                           29             1,103,760                  10
 Deferred consideration payables                           30                 2,000               2,929
 Tax payable                                                                305,310             268,068
                                                                          2,081,254             911,963
Net current assets                                                        5,298,464           4,066,570
Total assets less current liabilities                                    13,726,625          11,789,104
Capital and reserves
 Share capital                                             33                84,177              84,634
 Reserves                                                  34            12,668,267          10,949,508
Equity attributable to owners of the Company                             12,752,444          11,034,142
Non-controlling interests                                                    94,543              68,573
                                                                         12,846,987          11,102,715




                                                                  CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED     134
                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
      (CONTINUED)
      AT 31 December 2021




                                                                    NOTES                   2021                2020
                                                                                        RMB’000            RMB’000
      Non-current liabilities
       Deferred tax liabilities                                         31               123,575              86,133
       Lease liabilities                                                27                17,810               5,640
       Deferred consideration payables                                  30                   736               1,487
       Bank borrowings                                                  29               573,813             587,241
       Derivative financial instruments                                 32                11,291               5,888
       Obligation arising from put options                             42(a)             152,413                    -

                                                                                         879,638             686,389

                                                                                      13,726,625         11,789,104




      The consolidated financial statements on pages 133 to 253 were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of
      Directors on 15 March 2022 and are signed on its behalf by:




                           _____________________________              ____________________________
                                    LAM Kong                                  CHEN Yanling
                                    DIRECTOR                                   DIRECTOR




135   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                              Consolidated Statement of
                                                                                      Changes in Equity
                                                                                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021



                                                                                              Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                                                               Share-                                                  Attributable
                                                                               Surplus                          Investments based                                                        to non-
                                            Share    Share           Capital reserve Translation Hedging revaluation payment Other Accumulated Dividend                                controlling
                                            capital premium          reserve    fund    reserve      reserve      reserve     reserve reserve profits reserve          Sub-total        interests      Total
                                           RMB’000 RMB’000          RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000               RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000              RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                                    (Note 34) (Note 34)

Balance at 1 January 2020                  84,963     2,391,513     19,545 355,453       17,568        (119)   (31,859)        -           -   6,320,537 315,260       9,472,861          43,271      9,516,132

Profit for the year                             -             -           -         -          -          -         -          -           -    2,530,398               2,530,398          25,302      2,555,700
Share of other comprehensive expense
 of associates                                  -             -           -         -    (34,127)         -         -          -           -            -         -        (34,127)              -        (34,127)
Exchange differences arising from
 translation of foreign operations              -             -           -         -       227           -         -          -           -            -         -           227                -           227
Fair value loss on equity instruments at
 fair value through other
 comprehensive income                           -             -           -         -          -          -     (9,327)        -           -            -         -         (9,327)              -         (9,327)
Change in fair value on cash flow
 hedges
 - fair value loss                              -             -           -         -          -     (5,746)        -          -           -            -         -         (5,746)              -         (5,746)
 - deferred tax relating to change in
   fair value                                   -             -           -         -          -       948          -          -           -            -         -           948                -           948

Total comprehensive (expense) income
 for the year                                   -             -           -         -    (33,900)    (4,798)    (9,327)        -           -    2,530,398         -     2,482,373          25,302      2,507,675
Repurchase of ordinary shares (Note
 33)                                          (329)      (86,634)         -        -           -          -         -          -           -            -         -         (86,963)             -         (86,963)
Dividends paid (Note 13)                         -             -          -        -           -          -         -          -           -     (520,095) (314,034)      (834,129)              -       (834,129)
Dividends proposed (Note 13)                     -             -          -        -           -          -         -          -           -     (501,080) 501,080                -              -               -
Transfer of reserves                             -             -          -      815           -          -         -          -           -         (815)        -               -              -               -
Release of surplus reserve fund upon
 deregistration of a subsidiary                 -             -           -    (1,500)         -         -          -          -           -       1,500          -                -             -              -

Balance at 31 December 2020              84,634       2,304,879      19,545   354,768    (16,332)    (4,917)   (41,186)        -           -    7,830,445   502,306    11,034,142          68,573     11,102,715
Profit for the year                           -               -           -         -          -          -          -         -           -    3,017,402         -     3,017,402           7,862      3,025,264
Share of other comprehensive expense
 of associates                                -               -           -         -    (10,541)         -         -          -           -            -         -        (10,541)              -        (10,541)
Exchange differences arising from
 translation of foreign operations            -               -           -         -       991           -         -          -           -            -         -           991                -           991
Fair value loss on equity instruments at
 fair value through other
 comprehensive income                         -               -           -         -          -          -    (25,315)        -           -            -         -        (25,315)              -        (25,315)
Change in fair value on cash flow
 hedges
 - fair value gain                            -               -           -         -          -     3,929          -          -           -            -         -         3,929                -         3,929
 - deferred tax relating to change in
   fair value                                 -               -           -         -          -       (731)        -          -           -            -         -           (731)              -           (731)

Total comprehensive (expense) income
 for the year                                    -             -          -         -      (9,550)   3,198     (25,315)        -           -    3,017,402         -     2,985,735           7,862      2,993,597
Repurchase of ordinary shares (Note 33)       (457)     (151,062)         -         -           -        -           -         -           -            -         -       (151,519)             -        (151,519)
Acquisition of a subsidiary (Note 42(a))         -             -          -         -           -        -           -         -      57,264            -         -        57,264         106,500        163,764
Acquisition of a subsidiary (Note 42(b))         -             -          -         -           -        -           -         -           -            -         -              -         18,108         18,108
Transfer of Employment Share to an
 employee
 (as defined and detailed in Note 42(a))        -             -           -         -          -          -         -     (54,588)    19,088            -         -        (35,500)        35,500               -
Recognition of equity-settled share-
 based payments                                 -             -           -         -          -          -         -     17,156           -            -         -        17,156                -        17,156
Recognition of obligation arising from
 put options (Note 42(a))                       -             -           -        -           -         -          -          -           -            -         -              -        (142,000)      (142,000)
Dividends paid (Note 13)                        -             -           -        -           -         -          -          -           -     (652,528) (502,306)    (1,154,834)              -     (1,154,834)
Dividends proposed (Note 13)                    -             -           -        -           -         -          -          -           -     (557,594) 557,594               -               -              -
Transfer of reserves                            -             -           -    7,383           -         -          -          -           -       (7,383)        -              -               -              -

Balance at 31 December 2021                84,177 2,153,817         19,545 362,151       (25,882)    (1,719)   (66,501) (37,432) 76,352        9,630,342 557,594 12,752,444               94,543 12,846,987




                                                                                                                                     CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED                                            136
                                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      Consolidated Statement of
      Cash Flows
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021



                                                          NOTES      2021          2020
                                                                  RMB’000       RMB’000
      OPERATING ACTIVITIES
      Profit before tax                                           3,456,589     2,816,089
      Adjustments for:
       Amortisation of intangible assets                   18      164,196       161,942
       Impairment loss on intangible assets                              -        57,598
       Impairment loss on goodwill                                  20,000       170,000
       Impairment loss on financial assets
         under expected credit loss model                             1,305            -
       Interest expenses                                             17,608       27,203
       Depreciation of property, plant and equipment       15        41,853       35,117
       Depreciation of right-of-use assets                 16        13,771       11,257
       Loss on disposal of property, plant and
         equipment                                                      225           145
       Release on deferred difference on initial
         recognition of financial instruments                         (1,929)      (1,929)
       Imputed interest expense on deferred
         consideration payables                                         249           317
       Imputed interest expense on obligation
         rising from put options                                     10,413              -
       Share of results of associates                               (75,352)     (153,804)
       Interest income                                              (81,853)       (61,031)
       Net foreign exchange loss (gain)                               8,014        (26,684)
       Change in fair value of derivative financial
         instruments                                                 10,063       13,827
       Change in fair value of financial assets at fair
         value through profit or loss                              (115,656)          567
       Share-based payment expense                                   17,156             -
      Operating cash flows before movements in
        working capital                                           3,486,652     3,050,614
      (Increase) decrease in inventories                             (90,865)      25,843
      Increase in trade and other receivables
        and prepayments                                            (367,886)     (132,767)
      Increase in amount due from an associate                     (112,765)       (52,651)
      (Decrease) increase in trade and other payables                (33,867)     246,488
      Increase in contract liabilities                                 9,309         1,467
      Cash generated from operations                              2,890,578     3,138,994
      People’s Republic of China (“PRC”) Enterprise
       Income Tax paid                                             (268,482)     (170,175)
      Hong Kong Profits Tax paid                                      (2,340)       (6,758)
      Macau Complementary Income Tax paid                          (125,904)             -
      Malaysian Corporate Income Tax paid                                  -     (270,034)

      NET CASH FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES                          2,493,852     2,692,027




137   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                                         (CONTINUED)
                                                                   FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




                                                         NOTES               2021              2020
                                                                          RMB’000           RMB’000
INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Interest received                                                            81,853            61,031
Dividends received from an associate                                         47,235            70,125
Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                   (23,347)          (37,558)
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant
  and equipment                                                               2,998              374
Proceeds from disposal of right-of-use asset                                      -           12,993
Purchase of financial assets at fair value
  through profit or loss                                                   (858,334)            (1,715)
Purchase of equity instruments at fair value
  through other comprehensive income                                         (10,201)        (155,208)
Payments for rental deposits                                                   (2,451)              -
Deposits paid for acquisition of intangible assets                         (161,494)         (303,863)
Acquisition of an associate                                                  (30,000)               -
Deposit paid for acquisition of a subsidiary                                 (15,000)               -
Loan to a third party                                                        (31,879)               -
Net cash outflow on acquisition of subsidiaries                            (518,905)                -
NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES                                    (1,519,525)         (353,821)
FINANCING ACTIVITIES
New bank borrowings raised                                                1,077,375           630,594
Repayment of deferred consideration payables                                        -            (9,810)
Interest paid                                                                (17,608)          (27,203)
Dividends paid                                            13             (1,154,834)         (834,129)
Repayment of bank borrowings                                                      (10)       (696,939)
Repayments of lease liabilities                                              (11,796)          (10,106)
Payment on repurchase of shares                                            (151,519)           (86,963)
NET CASH USED IN FINANCING ACTIVITIES                                      (258,392)       (1,034,556)
NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                                  715,935         1,303,650

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENT AT THE
 BEGINNING OF YEAR                                                       2,668,426         1,365,008
Effects of exchange rate changes on the balance
 of cash held in foreign currencies                                           1,378               (232)
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENT AT THE END
 OF YEAR REPRESENTED BY BANK
 BALANCES AND CASH                                                       3,385,739         2,668,426




                                                                 CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED     138
                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
      STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021



      1.    GENERAL INFORMATION
            China Medical System Holdings Limited (the “Company”) was incorporated as an exempted company with
            limited liability in the Cayman Islands on 18 December 2006. On 26 June 2007, the Company was listed on
            the Alternative Investment Market (“AIM”) operated by the London Stock Exchange plc. The Company was
            listed on the Main Board operated by The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited on 28 September 2010 and it
            was delisted from the AIM on the same date. The Company’s ultimate holding company and immediate holding
            company is Treasure Sea Limited, a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands. The address of the
            Company’s registered office is P.O. Box 309, Ugland House, Grand Cayman, KY1-1104, Cayman Islands. The
            address of its principal place of business is Unit 2106, 21/F, Island Place Tower, 510 King’s Road, North Point,
            Hong Kong.

            The Company is an investment holding company. The principal activities of its subsidiaries are production of
            medicines, marketing, promotion and sale of drugs.

            The consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), which is also the functional currency
            of the Company and majority of its subsidiaries.


      2.    APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL
            REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”)
            Amendments to IFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year

            In the current year, the Group has applied the following amendments to IFRSs for the first time, which are
            mandatorily effective for the annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2021 for the preparation of the
            consolidated financial statements:


            Amendment to IFRS 16                                    Covid-19 Related Rent Concessions
            Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39,                           Interest Rate Benchmark Reform - Phase 2
             IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and IFRS 16


            In addition, the Group applied the agenda decision of the IFRS Interpretations Committee (the “Committee”)
            of the International Accounting Standards Board issued in June 2021 which clarified the costs an entity
            should include as “estimated costs necessary to make the sale” when determining the net realisable value of
            inventories.

            Except as described below, the application of the amendments to IFRSs in the current year has had no material
            impact on the Group’s financial positions and performance for the current and prior years and/or on the
            disclosures set out in these consolidated financial statements.




139   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                          (CONTINUED)
                                                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




2.   APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL
     REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”) - continued
     Amendments to IFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year - continued

     Impacts on application of Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39, IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and IFRS 16
     Interest Rate Benchmark Reform - Phase 2

     The Group has applied the amendments for the first time in the current year. The amendments relate to
     changes in the basis for determining the contractual cash flows of financial assets, financial liabilities and lease
     liabilities as a result of interest rate benchmark reform, specific hedge accounting requirements and the related
     disclosure requirements applying IFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures (“IFRS 7”).

     As at 1 January 2021, the Group has several financial liabilities, the interests of which are indexed to benchmark
     rates that will or may be subject to interest rate benchmark reform. The following table shows the total amounts
     of these outstanding contracts. The amounts of financial liabilities are shown at their carrying amounts.

                                                                                                      London Interbank
                                                                                                          Offered Rate
                                                                                                             (“LIBOR”)
                                                                                                             RMB’000
     Financial liabilities
      Bank borrowings                                                                                          587,241

     The amendments have had no impact on the consolidated financial statements as none of the relevant
     contracts has been transitioned to the relevant replacement rates during the year. The Group will apply
     the practical expedient in relation to the changes in contractual cash flows resulting from the interest rate
     benchmark reform for bank borrowings measured at amortised cost. Additional disclosures as required by IFRS
     7 are set out in note 36.

     Impacts on application of the agenda decision of the Committee - Cost necessary to
     sell inventories (IAS 2 Inventories)

     In June 2021, the Committee, through its agenda decision, clarified the costs an entity should include as
     “estimated costs necessary to make the sale” when determining the net realisable value of inventories. In
     particular, whether such costs should be limited to those that are incremental to the sale. The Committee
     concluded that the estimated costs necessary to make the sale should not be limited to those that are
     incremental but should also include costs that an entity must incur to sell its inventories including those that are
     not incremental to a particular sale.

     The Group’s accounting policy prior to the Committee’s agenda decision was to determine the net realisable
     value of inventories taking into consideration incremental costs only. Upon application of the Committee’s
     agenda decision, the Group changed its accounting policy to determine the net realisable value of inventories
     taking into consideration both incremental costs and other cost necessary to sell inventories. The new
     accounting policy has been applied retrospectively.

     The application of the Committee’s agenda decision has had no material impact on the Group’s financial
     positions and performance.

                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          140
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




      2.    APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL
            REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”) - continued
            New and amendments to IFRSs in issue but not yet effective

            The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to IFRS Standards that have been issued
            but are not yet effective:

                IFRS 17                                            Insurance Contracts and the related Amendments3
                Amendments to IFRS 3                               Reference to the Conceptual Framework2
                Amendments to IFRS 10                              Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor
                  and IAS 28                                         and its Associate or Joint Venture4
                Amendments to IFRS 16                              Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions beyond
                                                                     30 June 20211
                Amendments to IAS 1                                Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current3
                Amendments to IAS 1 and                            Disclosure of Accounting Policies3
                 IFRS Practice Statement 2
                Amendments to IAS 8                                Definition of Accounting Estimates3
                Amendments to IAS 12                               Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities
                                                                    arising from a Single Transaction3
                Amendments to IAS 16                               Property, Plant and Equipment - Proceeds before
                                                                    Intended Use2
                Amendments to IAS 37                               Onerous Contracts - Cost of Fulfilling a Contract2
                Amendments to IFRSs                                Annual Improvements to IFRSs 2018 - 20202


            1	Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 April 2021
            2	Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022
            3	Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023
            4	Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined

            Except for the new and amendments to IFRSs mentioned below, the directors of the Company anticipate that
            the application of all other new and amendments to IFRSs will have no material impact on the consolidated
            financial statements in the foreseeable future.

            Amendments to IFRS 3 Reference to the Conceptual Framework

            The amendments:

            •     update a reference in IFRS 3 Business Combinations so that it refers to the Conceptual Framework for
                  Financial Reporting issued by International Accounting Standards Board in March 2018 (the “Conceptual
                  Framework”) instead of the International Accounting Standards Committee’s Framework for the
                  Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements (replaced by the Conceptual Framework for Financial
                  Reporting issued in September 2010);
            •     add a requirement that, for transactions and other events within the scope of IAS 37 Provisions, Contingent
                  Liabilities and Contingent Assets or IFRIC 21 Levies, an acquirer applies IAS 37 or IFRIC 21 instead of
                  Conceptual Framework to identify the liabilities it has assumed in a business combination; and
            •     add an explicit statement that an acquirer does not recognise contingent assets acquired in a business
                  combination .



141   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                        (CONTINUED)
                                                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




2.   APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL
     REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”) - continued
     New and amendments to IFRSs in issue but not yet effective - continued

     Amendments to IFRS 3 Reference to the Conceptual Framework - continued

     The application of the amendments is not expected to have significant impact on the financial position and
     performance of the Group.

     Amendments to IFRSs Annual Improvements to IFRSs 2018 - 2020

     The annual improvements make amendments to the following standards.

     IFRS 9 Financial Instruments

     The amendment clarifies that for the purpose of assessing whether modification of terms of original financial
     liability constitutes substantial modification under the “10 per cent” test, a borrower includes only fees paid or
     received between the borrower and the lender, including fees paid or received by either the borrower or the
     lender on the other’s behalf.

     IFRS 16 Leases

     The amendment to Illustrative Example 13 accompanying IFRS 16 removes from the example the illustration of
     reimbursement relating to leasehold improvements by the lessor in order to remove any potential confusion.

     IAS 41 Agriculture

     The amendment ensures consistency with the requirements in IFRS 13 Fair Value Measurement by removing
     the requirement in paragraph 22 of IAS 41 to exclude taxation cash flows when measuring the fair value of a
     biological asset using a present value technique.

     The application of the amendments is not expected to have significant impact on the financial position and
     performance of the Group.


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
     3.1       Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements

                The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRSs. For the
                purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial statements, information is considered material if
                such information is reasonably expected to influence decisions made by primary users. In addition,
                the consolidated financial statements include applicable disclosures required by the Rules Governing
                the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“Listing Rules”) and by the
                Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

                The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for
                certain financial instruments that are measured at fair values at the end of each reporting period, as
                explained in the accounting policies set out below.



                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          142
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




      3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
            STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
            3.1      Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements - continued

                      Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for goods
                      and services.

                      Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an
                      orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether
                      that price is directly observable or estimated using another valuation technique. In estimating the
                      fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group takes into account the characteristics of the asset or
                      liability if market participants would take those characteristics into account when pricing the asset or
                      liability at the measurement date. Fair value for measurement and/or disclosure purposes in these
                      consolidated financial statements is determined on such a basis, except for share-based payment
                      transactions that are within the scope of IFRS 2 Share-based Payment , leasing transactions that
                      are accounted for in accordance with IFRS 16 and measurements that have some similarities to fair
                      value but are not fair value, such as net realisable value in IAS 2 Inventories or value in use in IAS 36
                      Impairment of Assets .

                      For financial instruments which are transacted at fair value and a valuation technique that
                      unobservable inputs is to be used to measure fair value in subsequent periods, the valuation
                      technique is calibrated so that at initial recognition the results of the valuation technique equals the
                      transaction price.

                      In addition, for financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are categorised into Level 1,
                      2 or 3 based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable and
                      the significance of the inputs to the fair value measurement in its entirety, which are described as
                      follows:

                      •   Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
                          that the entity can access at the measurement date;
                      •   Level 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are observable
                          for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly; and
                      •   Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.


            3.2      Significant accounting policies

                      Basis of consolidation

                      The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and
                      entities controlled by the Company and its subsidiaries. Control is achieved when the Company:

                      •   has power over the investee;
                      •   is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and
                      •   has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.


143   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   (CONTINUED)
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
     3.2   Significant accounting policies - continued

           Basis of consolidation - continued

           The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that
           there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.

           Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases
           when the Group loses control of the subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses of a subsidiary
           acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss
           and other comprehensive income from the date the Group gains control until the date when the
           Group ceases to control the subsidiary.

           Profit or loss and each item of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the
           Company and to the non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income of subsidiaries is
           attributed to the owners of the Company and to the non-controlling interests even if this results in
           the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance.

           When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their
           accounting policies in line with the Group’s accounting policies.

           All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions
           between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

           Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are presented separately from the Group’s equity therein,
           which represent present ownership interests entitling their holders to a proportionate share of net
           assets of the relevant subsidiaries upon liquidation.

           Business combinations

           Acquisitions of businesses are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration
           transferred in a business combination is measured at fair value, which is calculated as the sum
           of the acquisition-date fair values of the assets transferred by the Group, liabilities incurred by
           the Group to the former owners of the acquiree and the equity interests issued by the Group in
           exchange for control of the acquiree. Acquisition-related costs are generally recognised in profit or
           loss as incurred.

           Except for certain recognition exemptions, the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed
           must meet the definitions of an asset and a liability in the International Accounting Standards
           Committee’s Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements (replaced by
           the Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting issued in September 2010).


                                                                      CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          144
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




      3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
            STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
            3.2      Significant accounting policies - continued

                      Business combinations - continued

                      At the acquisition date, the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed are recognised at
                      their fair value, except that:

                      •   deferred tax assets or liabilities, and assets or liabilities related to employee benefit
                          arrangements are recognised and measured in accordance with IAS 12 Income Taxes and IAS
                          19 Employee Benefits respectively;
                      •   liabilities or equity instruments related to share-based payment arrangements of the acquiree or
                          share-based payment arrangements of the Group entered into to replace share-based payment
                          arrangements of the acquiree are measured in accordance with IFRS 2 at the acquisition date
                          (see the accounting policy below);
                      •   assets (or disposal groups) that are classified as held for sale in accordance with IFRS 5 Non-
                          current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations are measured in accordance with
                          that standard; and
                      •   lease liabilities are recognised and measured at the present value of the remaining lease
                          payments (as defined in IFRS 16) as if the acquired leases were new leases at the acquisition
                          date. Right-of-use assets are recognised and measured at the same amount as the relevant
                          lease liabilities, adjusted to reflect favourable or unfavourable terms of the lease when compared
                          with market terms.

                      Goodwill is measured as the excess of the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any
                      non-controlling interests in the acquiree, and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held equity
                      interest in the acquiree (if any) over the net amount of the identifiable assets acquired and the
                      liabilities assumed as at acquisition date. If, after re-assessment, the net amount of the identifiable
                      assets acquired and liabilities assumed exceeds the sum of the consideration transferred, the
                      amount of any non-controlling interests in the acquiree and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously
                      held interest in the acquiree (if any), the excess is recognised immediately in profit or loss as a
                      bargain purchase gain.

                      Non-controlling interests that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a
                      proportionate share of the relevant subsidiary’s net assets in the event of liquidation are initially
                      measured at the non-controlling interests’ proportionate share of the recognised amounts of the
                      acquiree’s identifiable net assets or at fair value.

                      Goodwill

                      Goodwill arising on an acquisition of a business is carried at cost as established at the date of
                      acquisition of the business less accumulated impairment losses, if any.


145   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                      (CONTINUED)
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
     3.2   Significant accounting policies - continued

           Goodwill - continued

           For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group’s cash-
           generating units (or group of cash-generating units) that is expected to benefit from the synergies
           of the combination, which represent the lowest level at which the goodwill is monitored for internal
           management purposes and not larger than an operating segment.

           A cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) to which goodwill has been allocated
           is tested for impairment annually or more frequently when there is indication that the unit may be
           impaired. For goodwill arising on an acquisition in a reporting period, the cash-generating unit (or
           group of cash-generating units) to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment before
           the end of that reporting period. If the recoverable amount is less than its carrying amount, the
           impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill and then to the other
           assets on a pro rata basis based on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit (or group of cash-
           generating units).

           On disposal of the relevant cash-generating unit or any of the cash-generating unit within the group of
           cash-generating units, the attributable amount of goodwill is included in the determination of the amount
           of profit or loss on disposal. When the Group disposes of an operation within the cash-generating unit
           (or a cash-generating unit within a group of cash-generating units), the amount of goodwill disposed of
           is measured on the basis of the relative values of the operation (or the cash-generating unit) disposed of
           and the portion of the cash-generating unit (or the group of cash-generating units) retained.

           The Group’s policy for goodwill arising on the acquisition of an associate is described below.

           Interests in associates

           An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence. Significant influence is the
           power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but is not control
           or joint control over those policies.

           The results and assets and liabilities of associates are incorporated in these consolidated financial
           statements using the equity method of accounting. The financial statements of associates used for
           equity accounting purposes are prepared using uniform accounting policies as those of the Group
           for like transactions and events in similar circumstances. Under the equity method, an investment
           in an associate is initially recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost and
           adjusted thereafter to recognise the Group’s share of the profit or loss and other comprehensive
           income of the associate. Changes in net assets of the associate other than profit or loss and
           other comprehensive income are not accounted for unless such changes resulted in changes in
           ownership interest held by the Group. When the Group’s share of losses of an associate exceeds
           the Group’s interest in that associate (which includes any long-term interests that, in substance, form
           part of the Group’s net investment in the associate), the Group discontinues recognising its share of
           further losses. Additional losses are recognised only to the extent that the Group has incurred legal
           or constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the associate.


                                                                        CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           146
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




      3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
            STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
            3.2      Significant accounting policies - continued

                      Interests in associates - continued

                      An interest in an associate is accounted for using the equity method from the date on which the
                      investee becomes an associate. On acquisition of the interest in an associate, any excess of the
                      cost of the investment over the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and
                      liabilities of the investee is recognised as goodwill, which is included within the carrying amount of
                      the investment. Any excess of the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and
                      liabilities over the cost of the investment, after reassessment, is recognised immediately in profit or
                      loss in the period in which the investment is acquired.

                      The Group assesses whether there is an objective evidence that the interest in an associate may
                      be impaired. When any objective evidence exists, the entire carrying amount of the investment
                      (including goodwill) is tested for impairment in accordance with IAS 36 as a single asset by
                      comparing its recoverable amount (higher of value in use and fair value less costs of disposal)
                      with its carrying amount. Any impairment loss recognised is not allocated to any asset, including
                      goodwill, that forms part of the carrying amount of the investment. Any reversal of that impairment
                      loss is recognised in accordance with IAS 36 to the extent that the recoverable amount of the
                      investment subsequently increases.

                      When a group entity transacts with an associate of the Group, profits and losses resulting from the
                      transactions with the associate are recognised in the Group’s consolidated financial statements only
                      to the extent of interests in the associate that are not related to the Group.

                      Property, plant and equipment

                      Property, plant and equipment including buildings are tangible assets that are held for use in the
                      production or supply of goods or services, or for administrative purposes (other than properties
                      under construction as described below). Property, plant and equipment are stated in the
                      consolidated statement of financial position at cost, less subsequent accumulated depreciation and
                      subsequent accumulated impairment losses, if any.

                      Properties in the course of construction for production, supply or administrative purposes are
                      carried at cost, less any recognised impairment loss. Costs include any costs directly attributable
                      to bringing the asset to the location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in
                      the manner intended by management. Depreciation of these assets, on the same basis as other
                      property assets, commences when the assets are ready for their intended use.




147   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   (CONTINUED)
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
     3.2   Significant accounting policies - continued

           Property, plant and equipment - continued

           When the Group makes payments for ownership interests of properties which includes both
           leasehold land and building elements, the entire consideration is allocated between the leasehold
           land and the building elements in proportion to the relative fair values at initial recognition. To the
           extent the allocation of the relevant payments can be made reliably, interest in leasehold land is
           presented as “right-of-use assets” in the consolidated statement of financial position. When the
           consideration cannot be allocated reliably between non-lease building element and undivided
           interest in the underlying leasehold land, the entire properties are classified as property, plant and
           equipment.

           Depreciation is recognised so as to write off the cost of assets (other than construction in progress)
           less their residual values over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line method. The
           estimated useful lives, residual values and depreciation method are reviewed at the end of each
           reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.

           An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future
           economic benefits are expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss
           arising on the disposal or retirement of an item of property, plant and equipment is determined as
           the difference between the sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and is recognised
           in profit or loss.

           Intangible assets


           Intangible assets acquired separately

           Intangible assets with finite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at costs less
           accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses. Amortisation for intangible assets
           with finite useful lives is recognised on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. The
           estimated useful life and amortisation method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with
           the effect of any changes in estimate being accounted for on a prospective basis.


           Internally-generated intangible assets -research and development expenditure

           Expenditure on research activities is recognised as an expense in the period in which it is incurred.




                                                                      CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          148
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




      3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
            STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
            3.2      Significant accounting policies - continued

                      Intangible assets - continued

                      Internally-generated intangible assets -research and development expenditure - continued

                      An internally-generated intangible asset arising from development activities (or from the development
                      phase of an internal project) is recognised if, and only if, all of the following have been demonstrated:

                      •   the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or
                          sale;
                      •   the intention to complete the intangible asset and use or sell it;
                      •   the ability to use or sell the intangible asset;
                      •   how the intangible asset will generate probable future economic benefits;
                      •   the availability of adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development
                          and to use or sell the intangible asset; and
                      •   the ability to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during its
                          development.

                      The amount initially recognised for internally-generated intangible asset is the sum of the expenditure
                      incurred from the date when the intangible asset first meets the recognition criteria listed above.
                      Where no internally-generated intangible asset can be recognised, development expenditure is
                      recognised in profit or loss in the period in which it is incurred.

                      Subsequent to initial recognition, internally-generated intangible assets are reported at cost less
                      accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses (if any), on the same basis as
                      intangible assets that are acquired separately.

                      Intangible assets acquired in a business combination

                      Intangible assets acquired in a business combination and recognised separately from goodwill and
                      are initially recognised at their fair value at the acquisition date (which is regarded as their cost).

                      Subsequent to initial recognition, intangible assets acquired in a business combination with finite
                      useful lives are reported at costs less accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment
                      losses, on the same basis as intangible assets that are acquired separately.

                      An intangible asset is derecognised on disposal, or when no future economic benefits are expected
                      from use or disposal. Gains and losses arising from derecognition of an intangible asset, measured
                      as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset, are
                      recognised in profit or loss when the asset is derecognised.


149   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   (CONTINUED)
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
     3.2   Significant accounting policies - continued

           Impairment on property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets, deposits paid for acquisition of
           intangible assets and intangible assets other than goodwill (see the accounting policy in respect of
           goodwill above)

           At the end of each reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its property, plant
           and equipment, right-of-use assets, deposits paid for acquisition of intangible assets and intangible
           assets with finite useful lives to determine whether there is any indication that these assets have
           suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the relevant
           asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss (if any).

           The recoverable amount of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets, deposits paid for
           acquisition of intangible assets and intangible assets are estimated individually. When it is not
           possible to estimate the recoverable amount individually, the Group estimates the recoverable
           amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.

           In testing a cash-generating unit for impairment, corporate assets are allocated to the relevant
           cash-generating unit when a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be established, or
           otherwise they are allocated to the smallest group of cash generating units for which a reasonable
           and consistent allocation basis can be established. The recoverable amount is determined for
           the cash-generating unit or group of cash-generating units to which the corporate asset belongs,
           and is compared with the carrying amount of the relevant cash- generating unit or group of cash-
           generating units.

           Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In assessing
           value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax
           discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks
           specific to the asset (or a cash-generating unit) for which the estimates of future cash flows have not
           been adjusted.

           If the recoverable amount of an asset (or a cash-generating unit) is estimated to be less than its
           carrying amount, the carrying amount of the asset (or the cash-generating unit) is reduced to its
           recoverable amount. For corporate assets or portion of corporate assets which cannot be allocated
           on a reasonable and consistent basis to a cash-generating unit, the Group compares the carrying
           amount of a group of cash-generating units, including the carrying amounts of the corporate assets
           or portion of corporate assets allocated to that group of cash-generating units, with the recoverable
           amount of the group of cash-generating units. In allocating the impairment loss, the impairment loss
           is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill (if applicable) and then to the other
           assets on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit or the group of
           cash-generating units. The carrying amount of an asset is not reduced below the highest of its fair
           value less costs of disposal (if measurable), its value in use (if determinable) and zero. The amount
           of the impairment loss that would otherwise have been allocated to the asset is allocated pro rata to
           the other assets of the unit or the group of cash-generating units. An impairment loss is recognised
           immediately in profit or loss.



                                                                      CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          150
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




      3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
            STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
            3.2      Significant accounting policies - continued

                      Impairment on property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets, deposits paid for acquisition of
                      intangible assets and intangible assets other than goodwill (see the accounting policy in respect of
                      goodwill above) - continued

                      Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or cash-
                      generating unit or a group of cash-generating units) is increased to the revised estimate of its
                      recoverable amount, but so that the increased carrying amount does not exceed the carrying
                      amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset
                      (or a cash-generating unit or a group of cash-generating units) in prior years. A reversal of an
                      impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

                      Inventories

                      Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Costs of inventories are
                      determined on a weighted average method. Net realisable value represents the estimated selling
                      price for inventories less all estimated costs of completion and costs necessary to make the sale.
                      Costs necessary to make the sale include incremental costs directly attributable to the sale and non-
                      incremental costs which the Group must incur to make the sale.

                      Financial instruments

                      Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when a group entity becomes a party to the
                      contractual provisions of the instruments. All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are
                      recognised and derecognised on a trade date basis. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases
                      or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the time frame established by
                      regulation or convention in the market place.

                      Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value, except for the trade
                      receivables arising from contracts with customers which are initially measured in accordance with
                      IFRS 15. Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial
                      assets and financial liabilities (other than financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through
                      profit or loss (“FVTPL”)) are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or
                      financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs directly attributable to the
                      acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at FVTPL are recognised immediately in profit or
                      loss.




151   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                       (CONTINUED)
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
     3.2   Significant accounting policies - continued

           Financial instruments - continued

           If the transaction price differs from fair value at initial recognition, the Group will account for such
           difference as follows:

           •   if fair value is evidenced by a quoted price in an active market for an identical asset or liability
               or based on a valuation technique that uses only data from observable markets, then the
               difference is recognised in profit or loss on initial recognition (i.e. day 1 profit or loss);
           •   in all other cases, the fair value will be adjusted to bring it in line with the transaction price (i.e.
               day 1 profit or loss will be deferred by including it as a separate line item on the consolidated
               statement of financial position).

           After initial recognition, the deferred gain or loss will be released to profit or loss on a rational basis,
           only to the extent that it arises from a change in time value of options that market participants would
           take into account when pricing the asset or liability.

           The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or
           financial liability and of allocating interest income and interest expense over the relevant period. The
           effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts and payments
           (including all fees and points paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate,
           transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) through the expected life of the financial asset
           or financial liability, or, where appropriate, a shorter period, to the net carrying amount on initial
           recognition.

           Financial assets

           Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets

           Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:

           •   the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash
               flows; and
           •   the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of
               principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.




                                                                         CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED            152
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




      3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
            STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
            3.2      Significant accounting policies - continued

                      Financial instruments - continued

                      Financial assets - continued

                      Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets - continued

                      Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at fair value through
                      other comprehensive income ("FVTOCI"):

                      •     the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both selling
                            and collecting contractual cash flows; and
                      •     the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of
                            principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

                      All other financial assets are subsequently measured at FVTPL, except that at initial recognition of
                      a financial asset the Group may irrevocably elect to present subsequent changes in fair value of
                      an equity investment in other comprehensive income if that equity investment is neither held for
                      trading nor contingent consideration recognised by an acquirer in a business combination to which
                      IFRS 3 Business Combinations applies, and except derivative designated in a qualifying hedging
                      relationship.

                      In addition, the Group may irrevocably designate financial assets that are required to be measured at
                      the amortised cost or FVTOCI as measured at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces
                      an accounting mismatch.

                      (i)      Amortised cost and interest income

                               Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method for financial assets
                               measured subsequently at amortised cost and debt instruments/receivables subsequently
                               measured at FVTOCI. Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest
                               rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset, except for financial assets that
                               have subsequently become credit-impaired (see below). For financial assets that have
                               subsequently become credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the
                               effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset from the next reporting
                               period. If the credit risk on the credit- impaired financial instrument improves so that the
                               financial asset is no longer credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the
                               effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset from the beginning
                               of the reporting period following the determination that the asset is no longer credit-
                               impaired.


153   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                  (CONTINUED)
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
     3.2   Significant accounting policies - continued

           Financial instruments - continued

           Financial assets - continued

           Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets - continued

           (ii)	Equity instruments designated as at FVTOCI

                   Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI are subsequently measured at fair value with
                   gains and losses arising from changes in fair value recognised in other comprehensive
                   income and accumulated in the investments revaluation reserve; and are not subject to
                   impairment assessment. The cumulative gain or loss will not be reclassified to profit or loss
                   on disposal of the equity investments, and will be transferred to accumulated profits.

                   Dividends from these investments in equity instruments are recognised in profit or loss
                   when the Group's right to receive the dividends is established, unless the dividends clearly
                   represent a recovery of part of the cost of the investment.

           (iii)	Financial assets at FVTPL

                   	Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost or
                   FVTOCI or designated as FVTOCI are measured at FVTPL.

                   	Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period,
                   with any fair value gains or losses recognised in profit or loss and is included in the "other
                   gains and losses" line item.

           Impairment of financial assets

           The Group performs impairment assessment under expected credit loss ("ECL") model on financial
           assets (including trade and other receivables, loan receivable, amount due from an associate and
           bank balances) which are subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9. The amount of ECL is
           updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition.

           Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the expected
           life of the relevant instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL ("12m ECL") represents the portion
           of lifetime ECL that is expected to result from default events that are possible within 12 months
           after the reporting date. Assessment are done based on the Group's historical credit loss
           experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and
           an assessment of both the current conditions at the reporting date as well as the forecast of future
           conditions.

           The Group always recognises lifetime ECL for trade receivables.


                                                                     CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          154
                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




      3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
            STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
            3.2      Significant accounting policies - continued

                      Financial instruments - continued

                      Financial assets - continued

                      Impairment of financial assets - continued

                      For all other instruments, the Group measures the loss allowance equal to 12m ECL, unless when
                      there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, in which case the Group
                      recognises lifetime ECL. The assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be recognised is based on
                      significant increases in the likelihood or risk of a default occurring since initial recognition.

                      (i)	Significant increase in credit risk

                              In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition,
                              the Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the
                              reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date
                              of initial recognition. In making this assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and
                              qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable, including historical experience
                              and forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort.

                              In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit
                              risk has increased significantly:

                              •    an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument's external (if
                                   available) or internal credit rating;
                              •    significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk, e.g. a significant
                                   increase in the credit spread, the credit default swap prices for the debtor;
                              •    existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that
                                   are expected to cause a significant decrease in the debtor's ability to meet its debt
                                   obligations;
                              •    an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor;
                              •    an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or
                                   technological environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the
                                   debtor's ability to meet its debt obligations.

                              Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit
                              risk has increased significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments are more
                              than 30 days past due, unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information that
                              demonstrates otherwise.


155   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   (CONTINUED)
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
     3.2   Significant accounting policies - continued

           Financial instruments - continued

           Financial assets - continued

           Impairment of financial assets - continued

           (i)	Significant increase in credit risk - continued

                   	The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there
                   has been a significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that
                   the criteria are capable of identifying significant increase in credit risk before the amount
                   becomes past due.

           (ii)    Definition of default

                   	For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default occurs when
                   information developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor
                   is unlikely to pay its creditors, including the Group, in full (without taking into account any
                   collaterals held by the Group).

                   Irrespective of the above, the Group considers that default has occurred when a financial
                   asset is more than 90 days past due unless the Group has reasonable and supportable
                   information to demonstrate that a more lagging default criterion is more appropriate.

           (iii)   Credit-impaired financial assets

                   	A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events of default that have a
                   detrimental impact on the estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred.
                   Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes observable data about the
                   following events:

                   (a)   significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;
                   (b)   a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;
                   (c)    the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the
                          borrower's financial difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the
                          lender(s) would not otherwise consider; or
                   (d)    it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial
                          reorganisation.




                                                                      CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          156
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




      3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
            STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
            3.2      Significant accounting policies - continued

                      Financial instruments - continued

                      Financial assets - continued

                      Impairment of financial assets - continued

                      (iv)	Write-off policy

                              	The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the
                              counterparty is in severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery,
                              for example, when the counterparty has been placed under liquidation or has entered into
                              bankruptcy proceedings, or in the case of trade receivables, when amounts are over three
                              years past due, whichever occurs sooner. Financial assets written off may still be subject
                              to enforcement activities under the Group's recovery procedures, taking into account legal
                              advice where appropriate. A write-off constitutes a derecognition event. Any subsequent
                              recoveries are recognised in profit or loss.

                      (v)	Measurement and recognition of ECL

                              The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e.
                              the magnitude of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment
                              of the probability of default and loss given default is based on historical data adjusted
                              by forward-looking information. Estimation of ECL reflects an unbiased and probability-
                              weighted amount that is determined with the respective risks of default occurring as the
                              weights. The Group uses a practical expedient in estimating ECL on trade receivables
                              using a provision matrix taking into consideration historical credit loss experience, adjusted
                              for forward looking information that is available without undue cost or effort.

                              Generally, the ECL is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to
                              the Group in accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to
                              receive, discounted at the effective interest rate determined at initial recognition.

                              Lifetime ECL for certain trade receivables are considered on a collective basis taking into
                              consideration past due information and relevant credit information such as forward looking
                              macroeconomic information.

                              For collective assessment, the Group takes into consideration the following characteristics
                              when formulating the grouping:

                              •   Past-due status; and
                              •   Nature, size and industry of debtors.



157   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    (CONTINUED)
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
     3.2   Significant accounting policies - continued

           Financial instruments - continued

           Financial assets - continued

           Impairment of financial assets - continued

           (v)	Measurement and recognition of ECL - continued

                   The grouping is regularly reviewed by management to ensure the constituents of each
                   group continue to share similar credit risk characteristics.

                   Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial asset
                   unless the financial asset is credit impaired, in which case interest income is calculated
                   based on amortised cost of the financial asset.

                   The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments
                   by adjusting their carrying amount, with the exception of trade receivables where the
                   corresponding adjustment is recognised through a loss allowance account.

           Derecognition of financial assets

           The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from
           the asset expire. If the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards
           of ownership and continues to control the transferred asset, the Group recognises its retained
           interest in the asset and an associated liability for amounts it may have to pay. If the Group retains
           substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of a transferred financial asset, the Group
           continues to recognise the financial asset and also recognises a collateralised borrowing for the
           proceeds received.

           On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the
           asset's carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised in
           profit or loss.

           On derecognition of an investment in equity instrument which the Group has elected on initial
           recognition to measure at FVTOCI, the cumulative gain or loss previously accumulated in the
           investments revaluation reserve is not reclassified to profit or loss, but is transferred to accumulated
           profits.




                                                                       CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          158
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




      3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
            STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
            3.2      Significant accounting policies - continued

                      Financial instruments - continued

                      Financial liabilities and equity instruments

                      Classification as debts or equity

                      Debt and equity instruments are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance with
                      the substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity
                      instrument.

                      Equity instruments

                      An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity
                      after deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recognised at the
                      proceeds received, net of direct issue costs.

                      Repurchase of the Company's own equity instruments is recognised and deducted directly in equity.
                      No gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the
                      Company's own equity instruments.

                      Financial liabilities

                      All financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest
                      method or at FVTPL.

                      Financial liabilities at FVTPL

                      Financial liabilities are classified as at FVTPL when the financial liability is (i) contingent consideration
                      of an acquirer in a business combination to which IFRS 3 applies, or (ii) it is designated as at FVTPL.

                      A financial liability is held for trading if:

                      •    it has been acquired principally for the purpose of repurchasing it in the near term; or
                      •    on initial recognition it is part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group
                           manages together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or
                      •    it is a derivative, except for a derivative that is a financial guarantee contract or a designated
                           and effective hedging instrument.




159   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                          (CONTINUED)
                                                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
     3.2   Significant accounting policies - continued

           Financial instruments - continued

           Financial liabilities and equity instruments - continued

           Financial liabilities at FVTPL - continued

           A financial liability other than a financial liability held for trading or contingent consideration of an
           acquirer in a business combination may be designated as at FVTPL upon initial recognition if:

           •    such designation eliminates or significantly reduces a measurement or recognition inconsistency
                that would otherwise arise; or
           •    the financial liability forms part of a group of financial assets or financial liabilities or both,
                which is managed and its performance is evaluated on a fair value basis, in accordance with
                the Group's documented risk management or investment strategy, and information about the
                grouping is provided internally on that basis; or
           •    it forms part of a contract containing one or more embedded derivatives, and IFRS 9 permits
                the entire combined contract to be designated as at FVTPL.

           For financial liabilities that are designated as at FVTPL, the amount of change in the fair value of the
           financial liability that is attributable to changes in the credit risk of that liability is recognised in other
           comprehensive income, unless the recognition of the effects of changes in the liability's credit risk
           in other comprehensive income would create or enlarge an accounting mismatch in profit or loss.
           For financial liabilities that contain embedded derivatives, such as derivative financial instruments,
           the changes in fair value of the embedded derivatives are excluded in determining the amount to be
           presented in other comprehensive income. Changes in fair value attributable to a financial liability's
           credit risk that are recognised in other comprehensive income are not subsequently reclassified to
           profit or loss; instead, they are transferred to accumulated profits upon derecognition of the financial
           liability.

           Financial liabilities at amortised cost

           Financial liabilities, including trade and other payables, bank borrowings, deferred consideration
           payables and obligation arising from put obligations, are subsequently measured at amortised cost,
           using the effective interest method.

           Bank borrowings

           Bank borrowings are recognised initially at fair value of proceeds received, net of transaction costs
           incurred. Transaction costs are incremental costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition
           or issue of a financial liability. Bank borrowings are subsequently stated at amortised cost. Any
           difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the redemption value is amortised to
           profit or loss over the period of the bank borrowings using the effective interest method.




                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED             160
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




      3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
            STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
            3.2      Significant accounting policies - continued

                      Financial instruments - continued

                      Financial liabilities and equity instruments - continued

                      Deferred consideration payables

                      The deferred consideration payables are initially measured at the present value of the contractual
                      future payments that are not paid at that date. Deferred consideration payables are subsequently
                      measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.

                      Obligation arising from put options

                      Put options written to a non-controlling shareholder which will be settled by exchange of fixed
                      amount of cash for a fixed number of shares in a subsidiary is treated as derivative and is recognised
                      at fair value upon initial recognition. Any changes of fair value in subsequent dated are recognised in
                      profit or loss.

                      The gross financial liability arising from the put options is recognised when contractual obligation
                      to repurchase the shares in a subsidiary is established even if the obligation is conditional on
                      the counterparty exercising a right to sell back the shares to the subsidiary. The liability for the
                      share redemption amount is initially recognised and measured at present value of the estimated
                      repurchase price with the corresponding debit to non-controlling interests. In subsequent periods,
                      the remeasurement of the present value of the estimated gross obligation under the written put
                      options to the non-controlling shareholder is recognised in profit or loss.

                      Derecognition of financial liabilities

                      The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are
                      discharged, cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial
                      liability derecognised and the consideration paid and payable is recognised in profit or loss.

                      Changes in the basis for determining the contractual cash flows as a result of interest rate
                      benchmark reform

                      For changes in the basis for determining the contractual cash flows of a financial asset or financial
                      liability to which the amortised cost measurement applies as a result of interest rate benchmark
                      reform, the Group applies the practical expedient to account for these changes by updating the
                      effective interest rate, such change in effective interest rate normally has no significant effect on the
                      carrying amount of the relevant financial asset or financial liability.


161   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    (CONTINUED)
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
     3.2   Significant accounting policies - continued

           Financial instruments - continued

           Derecognition of financial liabilities - continued

           Changes in the basis for determining the contractual cash flows as a result of interest rate
           benchmark reform - continued

           A change in the basis for determining the contractual cash flows is required by interest rate
           benchmark reform if and only if, both these conditions are met:

           •   the change is necessary as a direct consequence of interest rate benchmark reform; and
           •   the new basis for determining the contractual cash flows is economically equivalent to the
               previous basis (i.e. the basis immediately preceding the change).

           Derivative financial instruments

           Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value at the date when derivative contracts are entered
           into and are subsequently remeasured to their fair value at the end of the reporting period. The
           resulting gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss unless the derivative is designated and effective
           as a hedging instrument, in which event the timing of the recognition in profit or loss depends on the
           nature of the hedge relationship.

           Hedge accounting

           The Group designates certain derivatives as hedging instruments for cash flow hedges.

           At the inception of the hedging relationship the Group documents the relationship between the
           hedging instrument and the hedged item, along with its risk management objectives and its strategy
           for undertaking various hedge transactions. Furthermore, at the inception of the hedge and on an
           ongoing basis, the Group documents whether the hedging instrument is highly effective in offsetting
           changes in fair values or cash flows of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk.

           For the purpose of determining whether a forecast transaction (or a component thereof) is highly
           probable, the Group assumes that the interest rate benchmark on which the hedged cash flows
           (contractually or non- contractually specified) are based is not altered as a result of interest rate
           benchmark reform.




                                                                       CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          162
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




      3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
            STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
            3.2      Significant accounting policies - continued

                      Financial instruments - continued

                      Hedge accounting - continued

                      Assessment of hedging relationship and effectiveness

                      For hedge effectiveness assessment, the Group considers whether the hedging instrument is
                      effective in offsetting changes in fair values or cash flows of the hedged item attributable to the
                      hedged risk, which is when the hedging relationships meet all of the following hedge effectiveness
                      requirements:

                      •   there is an economic relationship between the hedged item and the hedging instrument;
                      •   the effect of credit risk does not dominate the value changes that result from that economic
                          relationship; and
                      •   the hedge ratio of the hedging relationship is the same as that resulting from the quantity of the
                          hedged item that the Group actually hedges and the quantity of the hedging instrument that the
                          entity actually uses to hedge that quantity of hedged item.

                      If a hedging relationship ceases to meet the hedge effectiveness requirement relating to the hedge
                      ratio but the risk management objective for that designated hedging relationship remains the same,
                      the Group adjusts the hedge ratio of the hedging relationship (i.e. rebalances the hedge) so that it
                      meets the qualifying criteria again.

                      For changes made to the hedged risk, hedged item or hedging instrument required by interest rate
                      benchmark reform, the Group amends the formal designation of a hedging relationship to reflect
                      the changes by the end of the reporting period during which the relevant changes were made.
                      Such an amendment to the formal designation of the hedging relationship constitutes neither the
                      discontinuation of the hedging relationship nor the designation of a new hedging relationship.

                      Cash flow hedges

                      The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives and other qualifying hedging
                      instruments that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges are recognised in other
                      comprehensive income and accumulated under the heading of hedging reserve, limited to the
                      cumulative change in fair value of the hedged item from inception of the hedge. The gain or loss
                      relating to the ineffective portion is recognised immediately in profit or loss, and is included in “other
                      gains and losses” line item.




163   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    (CONTINUED)
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
     3.2   Significant accounting policies - continued

           Financial instruments - continued

           Hedge accounting - continued

           Cash flow hedges - continued

           When a hedged item in a cash flow hedge is amended to reflect the changes that are required by
           the interest rate benchmark reform, the amount accumulated in the cash flow hedge reserve is
           deemed to be based on the alternative benchmark rate on which the hedged future cash flows are
           determined.

           Amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity are
           reclassified to profit or loss in the periods when the hedged item affects profit or loss, in the same
           line as the recognised hedged item.

           Furthermore, if the Group expects that some or all of the loss accumulated in the hedging reserve
           will not be recovered in the future, the amount is immediately reclassified to profit or loss.

           Discontinuation of hedge accounting

           The Group discontinues hedge accounting prospectively only when the hedging relationship (or a
           part thereof) ceases to meet the qualifying criteria (after rebalancing, if applicable). This includes
           instances when the hedging instrument expires or is sold, terminated or exercised. Discontinuing
           hedge accounting can either affect a hedging relationship in its entirety or only a part of it (in which
           case hedge accounting continues for the remainder of the hedging relationship).

           Any gain or loss recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity at that time
           remains in equity and is recognised when the forecast transactions is ultimately recognised in profit
           or loss. When a forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur, the gain or loss accumulated in
           equity is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

           Revenue from contracts with customers

           The Group recognises revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when “control”
           of the goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to the
           customer.

           A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is
           distinct or a series of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same.


                                                                       CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          164
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




      3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
            STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
            3.2      Significant accounting policies - continued

                      Revenue from contracts with customers - continued

                      Control is transferred over time and revenue is recognised over time by reference to the progress
                      towards complete satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is
                      met:

                      •   the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s
                          performance as the Group performs;
                      •   the Group’s performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group
                          performs; or
                      •   the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the
                          Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

                      Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the distinct
                      good or service.

                      A contract asset represents the Group’s right to consideration in exchange for goods or services that
                      the Group has transferred to a customer that is not yet unconditional. It is assessed for impairment
                      in accordance with IFRS 9. In contrast, a receivable represents the Group’s unconditional right to
                      consideration, i.e. only the passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due.

                      A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer
                      for which the Group has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the
                      customer.

                      A contract asset and a contract liability relating to the same contract are accounted for and
                      presented on a net basis.

                      Principal versus agent

                      When another party is involved in providing goods or services to a customer, the Group determines
                      whether the nature of its promise is a performance obligation to provide the specified goods or
                      services itself (i.e. the Group is a principal) or to arrange for those goods or services to be provided
                      by the other party (i.e. the Group is an agent).

                      The Group is a principal if it controls the specified good or service before that good or service is
                      transferred to a customer.




165   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     (CONTINUED)
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
     3.2   Significant accounting policies - continued

           Revenue from contracts with customers - continued

           Principal versus agent - continued

           The Group is an agent if its performance obligation is to arrange for the provision of the specified
           good or service by another party. In this case, the Group does not control the specified good or
           service provided by another party before that good or service is transferred to the customer. When
           the Group acts as an agent, it recognises revenue in the amount of any fee or commission to which
           it expects to be entitled in exchange for arranging for the specified goods or services to be provided
           by the other party.

           Variable consideration

           For contracts that contain variable consideration (e.g. sales returns or volume rebates), the Group
           estimates the amount of consideration to which it will be entitled using the expected value method,
           which better predicts the amount of consideration to which the Group will be entitled.

           The estimated amount of variable consideration is included in the transaction price only to the extent
           that it is highly probable that such an inclusion will not result in a significant revenue reversal in the
           future when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved.

           At the end of each reporting period, the Group updates the estimated transaction price (including
           updating its assessment of whether an estimate of variable consideration is constrained) to
           represent faithfully the circumstances present at the end of the reporting period and the changes in
           circumstances during the reporting period.

           Taxation

           Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.

           The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from profit
           before tax because of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and items
           that are never taxable or deductible. The Group’s liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates
           that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.




                                                                        CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           166
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




      3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
            STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
            3.2      Significant accounting policies - continued

                      Taxation - continued

                      Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets
                      and liabilities in the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in
                      the computation of taxable profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable
                      temporary differences. Deferred tax assets are generally recognised for all deductible temporary
                      differences to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available against which those
                      deductible temporary differences can be utilised. Such deferred tax assets and liabilities are not
                      recognised if the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition (other than in a business
                      combination) of assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit nor the
                      accounting profit. In addition, deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference
                      arises from the initial recognition of goodwill.

                      Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences associated with investments
                      in subsidiaries and associates, except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the
                      temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the
                      foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences associated
                      with such investments and interests are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that there
                      will be sufficient taxable profits against which to utilise the benefits of the temporary differences and
                      they are expected to reverse in the foreseeable future.

                      The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of the reporting period and
                      reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to
                      allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.

                      Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the
                      period in which the liability is settled or the asset realised, based on tax rate (and tax laws) that have
                      been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

                      The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would
                      follow from the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or
                      settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.

                      For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for leasing transactions in which the Group recognises
                      the right-of-use assets and the related lease liabilities, the Group first determines whether the tax
                      deductions are attributable to the right-of-use assets or the lease liabilities.




167   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                      (CONTINUED)
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
     3.2   Significant accounting policies - continued

           Taxation - continued

           For leasing transactions in which the tax deductions are attributable to the lease liabilities, the
           Group applies IAS 12 requirements to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities separately. Temporary
           differences on initial recognition of the relevant right-of-use assets and lease liabilities are not
           recognised due to application of the initial recognition exemption. Temporary differences arising
           from subsequent revision to the carrying amounts of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities,
           resulting from remeasurement of lease liabilities and lease modifications, that are not subject to initial
           recognition exemption are recognised on the date of remeasurement or modification.

           Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current
           tax assets against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied to the same
           taxable entity by the same taxation authority.

           Current and deferred tax are recognised in profit or loss, except when they relate to items that are
           recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case, the current and
           deferred tax are also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity respectively.
           Where current tax or deferred tax arises from the initial accounting for a business combination, the
           tax effect is included in the accounting for the business combination.

           In assessing any uncertainty over income tax treatments, the Group considers whether it is probable
           that the relevant tax authority will accept the uncertain tax treatment used, or proposed to be use
           by individual group entities in their income tax filings. If it is probable, the current and deferred taxes
           are determined consistently with the tax treatment in the income tax filings. If it is not probable that
           the relevant taxation authority will accept an uncertain tax treatment, the effect of each uncertainty is
           reflected by using either the most likely amount or the expected value.

           Foreign currencies

           In preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in currencies
           other than the functional currency of that entity (foreign currencies) are recognised at the rates of
           exchange prevailing at the dates of the transactions. At the end of each reporting period, monetary
           items denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing at that date. Non-
           monetary items carried at fair value that are denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at
           the rates prevailing on the date when the fair value was determined. Non-monetary items that are
           measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.

           Exchange differences, arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the retranslation of
           monetary items, are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.


                                                                         CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           168
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




      3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
            STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
            3.2      Significant accounting policies - continued

                      Foreign currencies - continued

                      For the purposes of presenting the consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities
                      of the Group’s foreign operations are translated into the presentation currency of the Group (i.e.
                      RMB) using exchange rates prevailing at the end of each reporting period. Income and expense
                      items are translated at the average exchange rates for the period, unless exchange rates fluctuate
                      significantly during that period, in which case, the exchange rates at the dates of transactions are
                      used. Exchange differences arising, if any, are recognised in other comprehensive income and
                      accumulated in equity under the heading of translation reserve.

                      On the disposal of a foreign operation (that is, a disposal of the Group’s entire interest in a foreign
                      operation, or a disposal involving loss of control over a subsidiary that includes a foreign operation,
                      or a partial disposal of an interest in a joint arrangement or an associate that includes a foreign
                      operation of which the retained interest becomes a financial asset), all of the exchange differences
                      accumulated in equity in respect of that operation attributable to the owners of the Company are
                      reclassified to profit or loss.

                      Leases

                      Definition of a lease

                      A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified
                      asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.

                      For contracts entered into or modified on or after the date of initial application of IFRS16, the
                      Group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease based on the definition under IFRS
                      16 at inception or modification date. Such contract will not be reassessed unless the terms and
                      conditions of the contract are subsequently changed.

                      The Group as a lessee

                      Short-term leases

                      The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to leases of office premises that have
                      a lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase
                      option. Lease payments on short-term leases are recognised as expense on a straight-line basis or
                      another systematic basis over the lease term.




169   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     (CONTINUED)
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
     3.2   Significant accounting policies - continued

           Leases - continued

           The Group as a lessee - continued

           Right-of-use assets

           The cost of right-of-use assets includes:

           •    the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability;
           •    any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives
                received;
           •    any initial direct costs incurred by the Group; and
           •    an estimate of costs to be incurred by the Group in dismantling and removing the underlying
                assets, restoring the site on which it is located or restoring the underlying asset to the condition
                required by the terms and conditions of the lease.

           Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment
           losses, and adjusted for any re-measurement of lease liabilities.

           Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of its estimated useful
           life and the lease term.

           The Group presents right-of-use assets as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of
           financial position.

           Refundable rental deposits

           Refundable rental deposits paid are accounted under IFRS 9 and initially measured at fair value.
           Adjustments to fair value at initial recognition are considered as additional lease payments and
           included in the cost of right-of-use assets.

           Lease liabilities

           At the commencement date of a lease, the Group recognised and measures the lease liability at
           the present value of lease payments that are unpaid at that date. In calculating the present value of
           lease payments, the Group uses the incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date if
           the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable.




                                                                        CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          170
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




      3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
            STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
            3.2      Significant accounting policies - continued

                      Leases - continued

                      The Group as a lessee - continued

                      Lease liabilities - continued

                      The lease payments include:

                      •   fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable;
                      •   variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate initially measured using the index or
                          rate as the commencement date;
                      •   amounts expected to be payable by the Group under residual value guarantees;
                      •   the exercise price of a purchase option if the Group is reasonably certain to be exercised by the
                          Group; and
                      •   payments of penalties for terminating a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising the
                          option to terminate the lease.

                      After the commencement date, lease liabilities are adjusted by interest accretion and lease
                      payments.

                      The Group remeasures lease liabilities (and makes a corresponding adjustment to the related right-
                      of-use assets) whenever:

                      •   the lease term has changed or there is a change in the assessment of exercise of a purchase
                          option, in which case the related lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease
                          payments using a revised discount rate at the date of reassessment.
                      •   the lease payments change due to changes in market rental rates following a market rent
                          review, in which cases the related lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease
                          payments using the initial discount rate.

                      The Group presents lease liabilities as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial
                      position.

                      Lease modifications

                      The Group accounts for a lease modification as a separate lease if:

                      •   the modification increases the scope of the lease by adding the right to use one or more
                          underlying assets; and
                      •   the consideration for the leases increases by an amount commensurate with the stand-alone
                          price for the increase in scope and any appropriate adjustments to that stand-alone price to
                          reflect the circumstances of the particular contract.



171   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    (CONTINUED)
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
     3.2   Significant accounting policies - continued

           Leases - continued

           The Group as a lessee - continued

           Lease modifications - continued

           For a lease modification that is not accounted for as a separate lease, the Group remeasures the
           lease liability, less any lease incentives receivable, based on the lease term of the modified lease
           by discounting the revised lease payments using a revised discount rate at the effective date of the
           modification.

           The Group accounts for the remeasurement of lease liabilities by making corresponding adjustments
           to the relevant right-of-use asset.

           Borrowing costs

           Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying
           assets, which are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their
           intended use or sale, are added to the cost of those assets until such time as the assets are
           substantially ready for their intended use or sale.

           Any specific borrowing that remain outstanding after the related asset is ready for its intended use
           or sale is included in the general borrowing pool for calculation of capitalisation rate on general
           borrowings. Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending
           their expenditure on qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.

           All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.

           Government grants

           Government grants are not recognised until there is reasonable assurance that the Group will
           comply with the conditions attaching to them and that the grants will be received.

           Government grants are recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in
           which the Group recognises as expenses the related costs for which the grants are intended to
           compensate.

           Government grants related to income that are receivable as compensation for expenses or losses
           already incurred or for the purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no
           future related costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they become receivable.
           Government grants relating to compensation of expenses are deducted from the related expenses,
           other government grants are presented under “other income”.



                                                                       CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          172
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




      3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
            STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued
            3.2      Significant accounting policies - continued

                      Retirement benefit costs

                      Payment to defined contribution retirement benefit plans including schemes registered under the
                      Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance in Hong Kong, Social Security Fund Schemes
                      in Macau and government retirement benefit scheme in PRC and retirement benefit scheme in
                      Dubai are recognised as an expense when employees have rendered service, entitling them to the
                      contributions.

                      Payments to employee benefit schemes including Key Employee Benefit Scheme (the “2009
                      Scheme”), CMS Key Employee Benefit Scheme (the “New KEB Scheme”) and CMS Employee
                      Incentive Scheme (the “Bonus Scheme”), which are classified as a defined contribution scheme, are
                      recognised as an expense in the reporting period in which the Board of Directors approve for the
                      contribution to a trust.

                      The Group operates defined contribution retirement schemes in Hong Kong, Macau, the PRC and Dubai.

                      The Group’s contributions to the defined contribution retirement schemes and the mandatory
                      provident fund scheme are recognised as an expense when employees have rendered service
                      entitling them to the contributions and, in respect of the non-mandatory provident fund schemes,
                      such contributions are reduced by contributions forfeited by those employees who leave the
                      schemes prior to vesting fully in the Group’s contributions.

                      Short-term employee benefits

                      Short-term employee benefits are recognised at the undiscounted amount of the benefits expected
                      to be paid as and when employees rendered the services. All short-term employee benefits are
                      recognised as an expense unless another IFRS requires or permits the inclusion of the benefit in the
                      cost of an asset.

                      A liability is recognised for benefits accruing to employees (such as wages and salaries and annual
                      leave) after deducting any amount already paid.

                      Share-based payments

                      Equity-settled share-based payment transactions

                      Shares/Share options granted to employees

                      Equity-settled share-based payments to employees and others providing similar services are
                      measured at the fair value of the equity instruments at the grant date.



173   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                          (CONTINUED)
                                                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES- continued
     3.2        Significant accounting policies - continued

                Share-based payments - continued

                Equity-settled share-based payment transactions - continued

                The fair value of the equity-settled share-based payments determined at the grant date without
                taking into consideration all non-market vesting conditions is expensed on a straight-line basis over
                the vesting period, based on the Group’s estimate of equity instruments that will eventually vest, with
                a corresponding increase in equity (share-based payments reserve). At the end of each reporting
                period, the Group revises its estimate of the number of equity instruments expected to vest based
                on assessment of all relevant non-market vesting conditions. The impact of the revision of the
                original estimates, if any, is recognised in profit or loss such that the cumulative expense reflects the
                revised estimate, with a corresponding adjustment to the share-based payments reserve.

                When share options are exercised, the amount previously recognised in share-based payments
                reserve will be transferred to accumulated profits. When the share options are forfeited after the
                vesting date or are still not exercised at the expiry date, the amount previously recognised in share-
                based payments reserve will continue to be held in share-based payments reserve.

                When shares granted are vested, the amount previously recognised in share-based payments
                reserve will be transferred to share capital and share premium.


4.   KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY
     In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, which are described in note 3, the directors of the
     Company are required to make judgements, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets
     and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and associated assumptions are
     based on historical experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ
     from these estimates.

     The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an on-going basis. Revisions to accounting
     estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or
     in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.

     The following are the key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at
     the end of the reporting period, that may have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying
     amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year.




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          174
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




      4.    KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY - continued
            Estimated impairment of goodwill

            For the purpose of impairment testing, the entire amount of goodwill has been allocated to the seven (2020:
            five) cash generating units (“CGU”s) (see note 19). The impairment assessment is based on the higher of fair
            value less costs of disposal and value in use of the CGUs. The value in use calculation requires the Group
            to estimate the future cash flows expected to arise from the CGUs and a suitable discount rate in order to
            calculate the present value. The value in use calculation is sensitive to changes in the key assumptions
            including growth rates, discount rate and the forecast performance based on management’s view of future
            business prospects. Where the actual future cash flows are less than expected, or change in facts and
            circumstances which results in downward revision of future cash flows or upward revision of discount rate, a
            material impairment loss/further impairment loss may arise.

            During the year ended 31 December 2021, an impairment loss of RMB20,000,000 (2020: RMB170,000,000)
            was recognised in profit or loss. As at 31 December 2021, the carrying amount of goodwill is approximately
            RMB1,691,179,000 (2020: RMB1,214,535,000) (net of accumulated impairment loss of RMB190,000,000
            (2020: RMB170,000,000)).

            Estimated impairment of intangible assets

            At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its intangible assets to determine
            whether there is any indication that those assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication
            exists, the recoverable amount of the asset is determined as the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal
            and its value in use. The recoverable amount is estimated with reference to the value in use calculation in order
            to determine the extent of the impairment loss, if any. The value in use calculation is sensitive to changes in the
            key assumptions including growth rates, discount rate and the forecast performance based on management’s
            view of future business prospects. If the recoverable amount of an intangible asset is estimated to be less than
            its carrying amount, the carrying amount of the asset is reduced to its recoverable amount. During the year
            ended 31 December 2021, an impairment loss of nil (2020: RMB57,598,000) was recognised in profit or loss.
            As at 31 December 2021, the carrying amount of intangible assets is approximately RMB2,215,697,000 (2020:
            RMB2,239,588,000).

            Provision of ECL for trade receivables

            Trade receivables with credit-impaired are assessed for ECL individually. In addition, the Group uses practical
            expedient in estimating ECL on trade receivables which are not assessed individually using a provision matrix.
            The provision rates are based on internal credit ratings as groupings of various debtors taking into consideration
            the Group’s historical default rates and forward-looking information that is reasonable, supportable and available
            without undue costs or effort. At every reporting date, the historical observed default rates are reassessed and
            changes in the forward-looking information are considered.

            The provision of ECL is sensitive to changes in estimates. Due to eased financial uncertainty triggered by the
            Covid-19 pandemic, the Group has decreased the expected loss rates in the current year as there is lower risk
            that a moderated pandemic could led to decreased credit default rates. The information about the ECL and the
            Group’s trade receivables are disclosed in notes 36 and 22, respectively.


175   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                        (CONTINUED)
                                                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




4.   KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY - continued
     Fair value measurement of financial instruments

     As at 31 December 2021, the Group’s unquoted equity instruments at FVTOCI amounting to RMB336,902,000
     (2020: RMB382,341,000) and financial assets, being unlisted investments at FVTPL amounting to
     RMB977,264,000 (2020: RMB3,884,000) , are measured at fair values with certain fair values being determined
     based on unobserved inputs using valuation techniques. Judgement and estimation are required in establishing
     the relevant valuation techniques and the relevant inputs thereof. Changes in assumptions relating to these
     factors could affect the reported fair values of these instruments. See note 20 for further disclosures.

     Estimated impairment of deposits paid for acquisition of intangible assets

     At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its deposits paid for acquisition
     of intangible assets to determine whether there is any indication that those assets have suffered an impairment
     loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the asset is estimated with reference to the value
     in use calculation in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss, if any. The value in use calculation
     is sensitive to changes in the key assumptions including growth rates, discount rate and the forecast
     performance based on management’s view of future business prospects. If the recoverable amount of the
     deposits paid for acquisition of intangible assets is estimated to be less than its carrying amount, the carrying
     amount of the asset is reduced to its recoverable amount. No impairment loss was recognised during the year
     ended 31 December 2021 and 2020. As at 31 December 2021, the carrying amount of the deposits paid for
     acquisition of intangible assets is approximately RMB790,483,000 (2020: RMB628,989,000).




5.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
     (i)   Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers

            The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue from its major products and services:


            At a point in time                                                            2021                 2020
                                                                                      RMB’000              RMB’000


            Sales of pharmaceutical products                                         6,655,017            5,709,327
            Promotion income                                                         1,682,204            1,236,637

            Total revenue                                                            8,337,221            6,945,964




                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         176
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




      5.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION - continued
            (ii)    Performance obligations for contracts with customers

                    The Group mainly sells pharmaceutical products to hospital and medical institutions throughout the PRC
                    through distributors and provides promotion services to certain pharmaceutical manufacturers.

                    The Group has acted as principal for transactions of pharmaceutical products and acted as agent
                    for the promotion services. In assessing whether the Group acted as principal or agent, the Group
                    has considered whether it controls the pharmaceutical products and promotion services before such
                    products and/or services are transferred to customers, indicators including but not limited to whether
                    the Group has primary responsibility in providing the goods and services to the customers, inventory risk
                    before the customers’ order and whether it has discretion in establishing price.

                    For sales of pharmaceutical products to customers, revenue is recognised at a point in time when
                    control of the pharmaceutical products is passed to customers, i.e. when the products are delivered and
                    titles have passed to customers upon receipt by customers. Sales rebates will be granted to customers
                    by the Group for qualified purchases at a pre-determined amount per unit.

                    For promotion of pharmaceutical products, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the Group
                    satisfies its obligation to arrange for the pharmaceutical products to be provided by suppliers to
                    distributors.

                    A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to sales of pharmaceutical products to customers
                    for which the Group has received consideration from (or an amount of consideration is due from)
                    customers while revenue has not yet been recognised. All the revenue contracts are for periods of one
                    year or less. As permitted under IFRS 15, the transaction price allocated to these unsatisfied contracts
                    is not disclosed.

            (iii)   Segment information

                    The Group determines its operating segments based on the internal reports reviewed by the Executive
                    Directors of the Company, being the chief operating decision maker that are used for resources
                    allocation and assessment of segment performance.

                    The Group only has one reportable operating segment that is marketing, promotion, sales and
                    manufacturing of pharmaceutical products. No operating results and discrete financial information
                    is available for the assessment of performance of the respective business divisions and resources
                    allocation purpose. Therefore, no analysis of the Group’s revenue, results, assets and liabilities by
                    operating segments is presented.

                    The Group’s production of medicines, marketing, promotion and sale of drugs are primarily in the PRC.
                    Almost all revenue from external customers is attributed to the PRC, 76% and 24% of non-current
                    assets excluding amount due from an associate, derivative financial instruments and deferred tax assets
                    of the Group are located in the PRC and Dubai, respectively (2020: 74% and 26%).

                    Sales to the largest customer of the Group account for 12.6% of the Group’s sales and no other single
                    customers contribute over 10% of the total revenue of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2021.

                    No single customer contributes over 10% of the total revenue of the Group for the year ended 31
                    December 2020.


177   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                  (CONTINUED)
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




6.   OTHER INCOME
                                                                                    2021                2020
                                                                                 RMB’000             RMB’000

     Interest income                                                                81,853              61,031
     Government subsidies (Note a)                                                  65,094              46,927

                                                                                  146,947             107,958


     Note:

     (a)	The amounts for both years mainly represented the incentive subsidies provided by the PRC local
          authorities to the Group to encourage business operation in the PRC. Such government grants were
          pertinent to income and aim to give immediate financial support to the Group with no future related
          costs. There were no unfulfilled conditions attached to these grants and, the Group has recognised the
          grants upon receipts.


7.   OTHER GAINS AND LOSSES
                                                                                    2021                2020
                                                                                 RMB’000             RMB’000

     Impairment loss on intangible assets                                                -              (57,598)
     Impairment loss on goodwill                                                   (20,000)           (170,000)
     Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                (225)                (145)
     Net foreign exchange gain                                                      22,622               60,560
     Change in fair value of derivative
      financial instruments                                                        (10,063)            (13,827)
     Change in fair value of financial assets at fair
      value through profit or loss                                                115,656                 (567)
     Release on deferred difference on initial
      recognition of financial instruments                                           1,929               1,929
     Others                                                                          1,606              (1,790)
                                                                                  111,525             (181,438)


8.   FINANCE COSTS
                                                                                    2021                2020
                                                                                 RMB’000             RMB’000

     Interest on bank borrowings                                                    15,397              26,109
     Interest on lease liabilities                                                   2,211               1,094
     Interest on obligation arising from put options (Note 42(a))                   10,413                   -
     Imputed interest on deferred consideration payables                               249                 317
                                                                                    28,270              27,520


                                                                       CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED       178
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




      9.    DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S EMOLUMENTS
            Directors’ and chief executive’s remunerations for the year, disclosed pursuant to the applicable Listing Rules
            and the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, are as follows:
                                                                         Year ended 31 December 2021
                                                                                                                               Executive
                                                                                                                                Director
                                                                                      Independent                              and chief
                                        Executive Directors                      Non-executive Directors                       executive
                                             (Note b)                                   (Note c)                                (Note b)
                                         Chen         Chen          Wu             Fung            Leung          Luo,
                                         Hong          Yan          Chi            Ching,          Chong         Laura            Lam
                                         Bing         Ling        Keung            Simon           Shun           Ying           Kong        Total
                                        RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000
                                                                  (Note f)        (Note g)                                      (Note a)

            Fees                              199         199          152                47          199            199             199       1,194
            Other emoluments

             Salaries and other
              benefits                      3,874       2,964                -                -             -              -       4,311      11,149
             Contributions to
              retirement benefits
              schemes                           84          25               -                -             -              -           30       139

            Total emoluments                4,157       3,188          152                47          199            199           4,540      12,482

                                                                         Year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                                                                               Executive
                                                                                                                                Director
                                                                                      Independent                              and chief
                                        Executive Directors                      Non-executive Directors                       executive
                                             (Note b)                                   (Note c)                                (Note b)
                                                                                  Cheung
                                         Chen         Chen         Wu               Kam            Leung          Luo,
                                         Hong          Yan         Chi             Shing,          Chong         Laura          Lam
                                         Bing         Ling        Keung            Terry           Shun           Ying          Kong         Total
                                        RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000
                                                                                   (Note d)                     (Note e)        (Note a)

            Fees                              203         203          203                47          203            156             203       1,218
            Other emoluments
             Salaries and other
              benefits                      4,189       3,038                -                -             -              -       4,145      11,372
             Contributions to
              retirement benefits
              schemes                           33          16               -                -             -              -           31        80

            Total emoluments                4,425       3,257          203                47          203            156           4,379      12,670


            Notes:

            (a)      Mr. Lam Kong is also the chief executive of the Company and his emoluments disclosed above include those for services
                     rendered by him as the chief executive.

            (b)      The executive directors’ emoluments shown above were mainly for their services in connection with the management of
                     the affairs of the Company and the Group.




179   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     (CONTINUED)
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




9.   DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S EMOLUMENTS - continued
     Notes: - continued

     (c)	The independent non-executive director’s emoluments shown above were mainly for their services as
          directors of the Company.

     (d) 	Mr. Cheung Kam Shing, Terry resigned as the independent non-executive director of the Company on
          31 March 2020.

     (e)	Ms. Luo, Laura Ying was appointed as the independent non-executive director of the Company on 31
         March 2020.

     (f)	Mr. Wu Chi Keung resigned as the independent non-executive director of the Company on 6 October
         2021.

     (g)	Mr. Fung Ching, Simon was appointed as the independent non-executive director of the Company on 6
         October 2021.

     There was no arrangement under which a director or the chief executive waived or agreed to waive any
     remuneration during both years.




10. EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS
     The five highest paid individuals for the year ended 31 December 2021 included 3 directors (2020: 3 directors),
     details of whose emoluments are set out in note 9 above. The emoluments of the remaining two (2020: two)
     individuals for the year ended 31 December 2021 were as follows:

                                                                                       2021                 2020
                                                                                    RMB’000              RMB’000
     Employees
      - basic salaries and allowances                                                   4,773                4,248
      - equity-settled share-based expense                                             17,156                    -
      - retirement benefits scheme contributions                                            -                   61

                                                                                       21,929                4,309




                                                                          CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        180
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




      10. EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS - continued
            The number of the highest paid individuals who are not the directors of the Company whose remuneration fell
            within the following bands is as follows:


                                                                                         Number of employees
                                                                                            2021                  2020
            HK$2,000,001 to HK$2,500,000
             (approximately RMB1,660,700 to RMB2,075,900)                                         -                   1
            HK$2,500,001 to HK$3,000,000
             (approximately RMB2,075,900 to RMB2,491,100)                                         -                   1
            HK$3,500,001 to HK$4,000,000
             (approximately RMB2,906,300 to RMB3,321,400)                                         1                    -
            HK$22,500,001 to HK$23,000,000
             (approximately RMB18,688,500 to RMB19,103,800)                                       1                    -


            During both years, no emoluments were paid by the Group to the directors or the highest paid individuals
            (including directors and employees) as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for
            loss of office.


      11. INCOME TAX EXPENSE
                                                                                             2021                2020
                                                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000
            Current tax:
             The PRC Enterprise Income Tax (“EIT”)                                         273,738             223,843
             Hong Kong Profits Tax                                                             136                 627
             Macau Complementary Income Tax                                                151,969             127,866

                                                                                           425,843             352,336

            Under (over) provision in prior years:
             The PRC EIT                                                                      2,524              1,168
             Malaysian Corporate Income Tax                                                       -            (87,183)
             Macau Complementary Income Tax                                                  (6,744)                  -

                                                                                             (4,220)            (86,015)

            Deferred taxation (note 31):
             - Current year                                                                  9,702               (5,932)

                                                                                           431,325             260,389




181   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                           (CONTINUED)
                                                                                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




11. INCOME TAX EXPENSE - continued
   Notes:

   (a)	The PRC Enterprise Income Tax

            The provision for PRC Enterprise Income Tax is based on the estimated taxable income for the PRC
            taxation purposes at the applicable rates for both years.

            Under the Law of the PRC on Enterprise Income Tax (the “EIT Law”) and Implementation Regulation of
            the EIT Law, the tax rate of the PRC subsidiaries is 25% except for those described below.

            天津康哲醫藥科技發展有限公司 (Tianjin Kangzhe Pharmaceutical Technology Development Co., Ltd.)
            (“Tianjin Kangzhe”) is entitled to a reduced tax rate of 15% (2020: 15%) granted by the local tax authority
            until 2023. 康 哲 ( 湖 南 ) 制 藥 有 限 公 司 (Kangzhe (Hunan) Medical Co., Ltd.) (“Kangzhe Hunan”) is
            entitled to a reduced tax rate of 15% (2020: 15%) granted by local tax authority until 2022. 西藏康哲藥
            業發展有限公司 (Tibet Kangzhe Pharmaceutical Development Co., Ltd ) (“Tibet Kangzhe Development”)
            is entitled to a reduced tax rate of 9% (2020: 9%) granted by local tax authority until 2021.

   (b)	Malaysian Corporate Income Tax and Withholding Income Tax

            Due to the tax reform under Labuan New Tax Legislation, the Group’s Malaysian subsidiary is taxed
            under the Malaysian Income Tax Act 1967 (the “Act 1967”) with effect from the year of assessment
            2019. The statutory income tax of the Group’s Malaysian subsidiary is at 24% of the chargeable
            income and withholding income tax of 15% and 10% shall be levied on the interest payment and
            royalty payment, respectively from the companies established in Malaysia to overseas entities for the
            year ended 31 December 2019. The Malaysian subsidiary had been disposed of by the Group on 17
            December 2019.

   (c)      Hong Kong Profits Tax

            On 21 March 2018, the Hong Kong Legislative Council passed The Inland Revenue (Amendment) (No.
            7) Bill 2017 (the “Bill”) which introduces the two-tiered profits tax rates regime. The Bill was signed into
            law on 28 March 2018 and was gazetted on the following day. Under the two-tiered profits tax rates
            regime, the first HK$2 million of profits of the qualifying group entity will be taxed at 8.25%, and profits
            above HK$2 million will be taxed at 16.5%, while only one entity nominated by a group of “connected”
            entities will be entitled to select the lower tax rate. The profits of group entities not elected/qualified for
            the two-tiered profits tax rates regime will continue to be taxed at a flat rate of 16.5%.

            The directors of the Company considered the amount involved upon implementation of the two-tiered
            profits tax rates regime as insignificant to the consolidated financial statements. Hong Kong Profits Tax
            is calculated at 16.5% of the estimated assessable profit for both years.




                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           182
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




      11. INCOME TAX EXPENSE - continued
            Notes: - continued

            (d)	PRC Withholding Income Tax

                  PRC withholding income tax of 10% shall be levied on the dividend declared by the companies
                  established in the PRC to their foreign investors out of their profits earned after 1 January 2008. A lower
                  5% withholding rate may be applied when the immediate holding company of the PRC subsidiaries
                  are incorporated or operated in Hong Kong and fulfil the requirements to the tax treaty arrangements
                  between the PRC and Hong Kong.

            (e)	Overseas Income tax

                  The company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited liability
                  under the Companies Law, Cap.22 of Cayman Islands and accordingly, is exempted from the Cayman
                  Islands Income Tax.

            (f)	Macau Complementary Income Tax

                  Macau Complementary Income Tax is calculated at the progressive rate on the estimated assessable
                  profits. The maximum tax rate is 12% for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020.

            (g)   Dubai Tax

                  The United Arab Emirates does not have a federal corporate income tax regime. Instead, corporate
                  income tax is determined on a territorial basis under the respective Tax Decrees issued by the
                  government of each individual Emirate (of which there are seven that make up the United Arab
                  Emirates), among which Dubai has no legislation imposing corporate income taxes. On the basis of the
                  above, most entities registered in Dubai are currently not required to file corporate tax returns in Dubai,
                  regardless of where the business is registered. According to prevailing regulations in Dubai, no income
                  tax is imposed on the Company’s subsidiaries in Dubai.




183   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     (CONTINUED)
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




11. INCOME TAX EXPENSE - continued
   The tax charge for the year can be reconciled to the ‘profit before tax’ per the consolidated statement of profit
   or loss and other comprehensive income as follows:

                                                                                       2021                 2020
                                                                                    RMB’000              RMB’000

   Profit before tax                                                               3,456,589            2,816,089


   Tax at PRC EIT rate of 25%                                                        864,147              704,022
   Tax effect of share of results of associates                                       (18,838)             (38,451)
   Tax effect of expenses that are not deductible in
    determining taxable profit                                                        89,572              102,881
   Tax effect of income that is not taxable in
    determining taxable profit                                                         (1,536)              (6,449)
   Tax effect of offshore income that is not taxable in
    determining taxable profit                                                        (88,583)             (71,355)
   Tax effect of tax losses not recognised                                              3,400                3,546
   Tax effect of deductible temporary differences
    not recognised                                                                    16,132                27,474
   Tax effect of tax concession                                                     (137,190)            (111,060)
   Effect on different applicable tax rates of subsidiaries                         (160,426)            (134,424)
   Effect of taxable profit that is not taxable in Dubai                            (132,222)            (129,154)
   Overprovision in prior years                                                        (4,220)             (86,015)
   Others                                                                               1,089                 (626)

   Income tax expense for the year                                                   431,325              260,389




                                                                         CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         184
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




      12. PROFIT FOR THE YEAR
                                                                                           2021                2020
                                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000
            Profit for the year has been arrived at after charging:
            Directors’ remuneration (note 9)
             Fees                                                                           1,194               1,218
             Salaries and other benefits                                                   11,149              11,372
             Contribution to retirement benefits schemes                                      139                  80
                                                                                          12,482              12,670
            Other staff costs                                                          1,032,220             710,472
            Equity-settled share-based expense                                            17,156                   -
            Contribution to retirement benefits schemes                                  136,583              28,911
            Employee benefits expense (note 41)                                                -              25,000
            Total staff costs                                                          1,198,441             777,053
            Auditor’s remuneration                                                          4,058               3,305
            Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                  41,853              35,117
            Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                            13,771              11,257
            Amortisation of intangible assets (included in
             cost of goods sold)                                                         164,196              161,942
            Cost of inventories recognised as an expense                               1,919,419            1,641,855


            For the year ended 31 December 2021, Covid-19 related government grants amounted to nil (2020:
            RMB19,617,000) have been offset against staff costs.


      13. DIVIDENDS
                                                                                           2021                2020
                                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000
            Dividends paid
            Dividends recognised as distributions during the year:
             2021 Interim - RMB0.2641 (2020: 2020 Interim dividend
               RMB0.2105) per share                                                      652,528             520,095
             2020 Final - RMB0.2033 (2020: 2019 final dividend
               RMB0.1271) per share                                                      502,306             314,034
                                                                                       1,154,834             834,129
            Dividends proposed
            Dividends proposed during the year:
             2021 final – RMB0.2269 (2020: 2020 final
               - RMB0.2033) per share                                                    557,594             502,306


            The Board of Directors have declared a final dividend of RMB0.2269 per ordinary share for the year ended 31
            December 2021 (2020: RMB0.2033 per ordinary share).


185   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




14. EARNINGS PER SHARE
   The calculation of the basic earnings per share attributable to owners of the Company is based on the following
   data:

                                                                                               2021                       2020
                                                                                            RMB’000                    RMB’000
   Earnings for the purposes of basic earnings
    per share (profit for the year attributable to
    owners of the Company)                                                                  3,017,402                  2,530,398


                                                                                         Number of ordinary shares
                                                                                           as at 31 December
                                                                                               2021                2020
   Weighted average number of ordinary shares
    for the purpose of basic earnings per share                                        2,467,696,556           2,471,841,299

   The computation of diluted earnings per share for the year ended 31 December 2021 does not assume the
   exercise of put options by the non-controlling shareholder of a subsidiary as the exercise of the put option
   would result in an increase of earnings per share for the year ended 31 December 2021. The diluted earnings
   per share for the year ended 31 December 2020 was not presented as there was no dilutive potential ordinary
   shares outstanding as at 31 December 2020 and during the year ended 31 December 2020.

15. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                                                                       Furniture,
                                          Leasehold      Plant and       Motor       fixtures and     Construction
                             Buildings   improvement     machinery      vehicles      equipment        in progress       Total
                               RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000
   COST
   At 1 January 2020           305,572        47,937        178,850       33,779           26,784           22,406        615,328
   Additions                     1,944         6,284          3,959        2,263           10,317           12,791         37,558
   Disposals                         -             -          (2,946)      (1,407)          (3,293)               -         (7,646)
   Transfer                     15,463             -          4,250             -                -         (19,713)              -

   At 31 December 2020         322,979        54,221        184,113       34,635           33,808           15,484        645,240
   Additions                     1,810         6,727          1,956        2,272            7,239            3,343         23,347
   Acquired on acquisition
    of a subsidiary                  -               -             -            -               60                -             60
   Disposals                         -               -        (4,186)           -           (4,010)               -         (8,196)
   Transfer                      5,192               -           510            -                -           (5,702)             -

   At 31 December 2021         329,981        60,948        182,393       36,907           37,097           13,125        660,451

   ACCUMULATED
    DEPRECIATION
   At 1 January 2020            48,578         9,486         51,708       22,385           10,270                 -       142,427
   Provided for the year        12,050         4,327         12,089        3,541            3,110                 -        35,117
   Eliminated on disposals           -             -          (2,576)      (1,267)          (3,284)               -         (7,127)

   At 31 December 2020          60,628        13,813         61,221       24,659           10,096                 -       170,417
   Provided for the year        13,598         6,173         12,898        4,378            4,806                 -        41,853
   Eliminated on disposals           -             -          (2,668)          -            (2,305)               -         (4,973)

   At 31 December 2021          74,226        19,986         71,451       29,037           12,597                 -       207,297

   CARRYING VALUES
   At 31 December 2021         255,755        40,962        110,942        7,870           24,500           13,125        453,154

   At 31 December 2020         262,351        40,408        122,892        9,976           23,712           15,484        474,823

                                                                                   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED              186
                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




      15. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT - continued
            The above items of property, plant and equipment are depreciated over their estimated useful lives as follows:


            Buildings                                               Over the shorter of the lease terms, or 20/40 years
            Leasehold improvement                                   Over the shorter of the lease terms, or 10 years
            Plant and machinery                                     5 to 10 years
            Motor vehicles                                          5 years
            Furniture, fixtures and equipment                       5 years


            As at 31 December 2020, the Group had pledged property, plant and equipment with a net book value of
            RMB65,539,000 to secure certain bank borrowings and banking facilities granted to the Group. The pledged
            property, plant and equipment have been released during the current year.


      16. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS
                                                                       Leasehold
                                                                            land              Building               Total
                                                                        RMB’000              RMB’000              RMB’000
            As at 31 December 2021
            Carrying amount                                              43,309               33,404               76,713

            As at 31 December 2020
            Carrying amount                                              44,505               12,357               56,862

            For the year ended 31 December 2021
            Depreciation charge                                            1,196              12,575               13,771


            For the year ended 31 December 2020
            Depreciation charge                                            1,088              10,169               11,257


                                                                                      Year ended               Year ended
                                                                                      31/12/2021               31/12/2020
                                                                                        RMB’000                 RMB’000

            Expense relating to short-term leases                                           7,682                    5,828

            Total cash outflow for leases                                                 (21,689)                 (17,028)

            Additions to right-of-use assets                                               33,622                    3,133




187   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    (CONTINUED)
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




16. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS - continued
   For both years, the Group leases offices premises and warehouses for its operations. For the year ended 31
   December 2021, lease contracts are entered into for fixed term of 1 year to 5 years (2020: 1 year to 5 years)
   with fixed payment. The Group does not have the option to purchase the leased properties for a nominal
   amount at the end of the relevant lease terms or any extension/termination options which are solely at the
   Group’s discretion. The Group’s obligations are secured by the rental deposits for such leases. Lease terms
   are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. The Group
   determines the lease period to be the non-cancellable period based on the contractual terms of the contract.

   In addition, the Group owns several industrial buildings and office buildings. The Group is the registered owner
   of these property interests, including the underlying leasehold lands. Lump sum payments were made upfront
   to acquire these property interests. The leasehold land components of these owned properties are presented
   separately only if the payments made can be allocated reliably.

   As at 31 December 2020, the Group had pledged right-of-use assets with a net book value of RMB15,506,000
   to secure general banking facilities granted to the Group. The pledged right-of-use assets have been released
   during the current year.

   The Group regularly entered into short-term leases for offices premises and warehouses. As at 31 December
   2021 and 2020, the portfolio of short-term leases is similar to the portfolio of short-term leases to which the
   short-term lease expense disclosed above.

   All the Group’s leasehold lands represented prepaid land use right, are located in the PRC.


17. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES
                                                                                      2021                 2020
                                                                                   RMB’000              RMB’000
    Cost of investments in associates
     Listed outside Hong Kong                                                     2,304,356            2,304,356
     Unlisted                                                                        30,000                    -

    Share of post-acquisition profits and other comprehensive
     income, net of dividends received                                              352,930              335,355

                                                                                  2,687,286            2,639,711

   Fair value of listed investment (note)                                         4,849,508            6,231,377


   Note:	As at 31 December 2021, the fair value of the Group’s interest in its listed associate, Tibet Rhodiola
         Pharmaceutical Holding Company (“Tibet Pharmaceutical”), of which its shares are listed on the
         Shanghai Stock Exchange (the “SSE”), was approximately RMB4,850 million (2020: approximately
         RMB6,231 million) based on the quoted market price available on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, which
         is a level 1 input in terms of IFRS 13 Fair Value Measurement.


                                                                        CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         188
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




      17. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES - continued
            As at 31 December 2021 and 2020, details of the associates are as follows:


                                                                             Proportion of
                                                     Place of    Principal ownership interest
                                                  establishment/ place of    /voting rights
                  Name of associates              incorporation business held by the Group             Principal activities
                                                                            2021       2020

            Tibet Pharmaceutical (Note a)              Tibet          Tibet     37.36%     37.36% Production of
                                                                                                   medicines and sale
                                                                                                   of drugs

            Zhuhai Kangmai
             Biotechnology Co., Ltd. (Note b)           PRC           PRC       50.00%       N/A     Research and
                                                                                                      development of
                                                                                                      antibodies medicines


            Notes:

            (a)      During the year ended 31 December 2020, Tibet Pharmaceutical went through a capitalisation from
                     capital reserve and the Group’s shares holding increased from 66,156,114 ordinary shares as at 31
                     December 2019 to 92,618,560 ordinary shares as at 31 December 2020. There is no change in the
                     Group’s ownership interest in Tibet Pharmaceutical, remained at 37.36% as at 31 December 2021
                     and 2020. As the Group is able to exercise significant influence over Tibet Pharmaceutical in both
                     years, it is accounted for as an associate of the Group. Included in the cost of investment in Tibet
                     Pharmaceutical as at 31 December 2021, there is a goodwill of approximately RMB1,654,481,000
                     (2020: RMB1,654,481,000).

                     As at 31 December 2021 and 2020, no impairment indicator on interest in Tibet Pharmaceutical and no
                     impairment assessment was carried out.

            (b)      In October 2021, the Group established Zhuhai Kangmai Biotechnology Co., Ltd. (“Zhuhai Kangmai”)
                     with an independent third party, Trinomab Biotech Co., Ltd (“Trinomab”). Trinomab is responsible for drug
                     discovery and preclinical studies, while the Group is responsible for clinical development, registration,
                     and commercialization, etc. Each party owns 50% of equity interest in Zhuhai Kangmai, however, the
                     Group appointed one director out of three directors and is able to exercise significant influence over
                     Zhuhai Kangmai.

                     As at 31 December 2021, no impairment indicator on interest in Zhuhai Kangmai and no impairment
                     assessment was carried out.




189   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                  (CONTINUED)
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




17. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES - continued
   Summarised financial information of associates

   Summarised financial information in respect of each of the Group’s associates is set out below. The
   summarised financial information below represents amounts shown in the associate’s financial statements
   prepared in accordance with IFRSs. All of these associates are accounted for using the equity method in these
   consolidated financial statements.


   Tibet Pharmaceutical

                                                                               31.12.2021          31.12.2020
                                                                                 RMB’000             RMB’000

    Current assets                                                              2,181,907           1,351,115

    Non-current assets                                                          1,620,749           1,593,173

    Current liabilities                                                        (1,109,665)            (333,077)

    Non-current liabilities                                                        (47,970)            (22,829)




                                                                      CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        190
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




      17.    INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES - continued
            Summarised financial information of associates - continued

            Tibet Pharmaceutical - continued

                                                                                          2021                2020
                                                                                       RMB’000             RMB’000

            Revenue                                                                    2,138,587           1,373,105

            Profit for the year                                                          213,027            420,663

            Other comprehensive expense for the year                                     (29,012)           (100,064)

            Total comprehensive income for the year                                      184,015            320,599

            Dividends received from the associate during the year                         47,235              70,125


            Reconciliation of the above summarised financial information to the carrying amount of the interest in the
            associate recognised in the consolidated financial statements.


                                                                                      31.12.2021         31.12.2020
                                                                                        RMB’000            RMB’000

            Net assets of Tibet Pharmaceutical                                         2,645,021           2,588,382
            Non-controlling interests                                                     (14,661)            (12,297)

                                                                                       2,630,360           2,576,085
            Proportion of the Group’s ownership interest in
             Tibet Pharmaceutical                                                        37.36%              37.36%

                                                                                         982,702             962,425
            Goodwill                                                                   1,654,481           1,654,481
            Effect of fair value adjustment at acquisition                                32,861              32,861
            Effect of deferred tax relating to fair value adjustment
             at acquisition                                                                (8,215)            (8,215)
            Other adjustments                                                              (4,224)            (1,841)

            Carrying amount of the Group’s interest in Tibet
             Pharmaceutical                                                            2,657,605           2,639,711




191   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   (CONTINUED)
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




17.    INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES - continued
      Summarised financial information of associates - continued

      Zhuhai Kangmai
                                                                                                     31.12.2021
                                                                                                       RMB’000

      Current assets                                                                                     59,362
      Current liabilities                                                                                       -

                                                                                                   For the period
                                                                                          from 20 October 2021
                                                                                           (date of incorporation)
                                                                                                 to 31 December
                                                                                                            2021
                                                                                                        RMB’000

      Revenue                                                                                                   -
      Loss for the period                                                                                   (638)
      Other comprehensive income for the period                                                                 -
      Total comprehensive expense for the period                                                            (638)
      Dividends received from the associate during the period                                                   -


      Reconciliation of the above summarised financial information to the carrying amount of the interest in the
      associate recognised in the consolidated financial statements.


                                                                                                     31.12.2021
                                                                                                       RMB’000

      Net assets of Zhuhai Kangmai                                                                       59,362
      Proportion of the Group’s ownership interest in Zhuhai Kangmai                                    50.00%
      Carrying amount of the Group’s interest in Zhuhai Kangmai                                          29,681




                                                                        CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        192
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




      18. INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                       Exclusive
                                                      distribution    Patent      Product
                                                         rights       rights       rights         Others     Total
                                                       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000    RMB’000
                                                        (Note a      (Note b)     (Note c)
                                                      & Note b(i))
            COST
            At 1 January 2020
             and 31 December 2020                       2,111,920      320,431       872,656            -   3,305,007
            Acquired on acquisition
             of subsidiaries (note 42)                    101,509       38,706               -         90     140,305

            At 31 December 2021                         2,213,429      359,137       872,656           90   3,445,312

            AMORTISATION
            At 1 January 2020                             444,575      141,293       235,281            -     821,149
            Charge for the year                           101,751       18,963        41,228            -     161,942

            At 31 December 2020                           546,326      160,256       276,509            -     983,091
            Charge for the year                           112,380       10,534        41,229           53     164,196

            At 31 December 2021                           658,706      170,790       317,738           53   1,147,287

            IMPAIRMENT LOSS
            At 1 January 2020                              24,730            -               -          -      24,730
            Recognised in the year                              -       57,598               -          -      57,598

            At 31 December 2020
             and 2021                                      24,730       57,598               -          -      82,328

            CARRYING VALUES
            At 31 December 2021                         1,529,993      130,749       554,918           37   2,215,697

            At 31 December 2020                         1,540,864      102,577       596,147            -   2,239,588


            Notes:

            (a)      Exclusive distribution rights

                     (i)	On 9 March 2008, the Group entered into an exclusive distribution agreement and a
                         supplementary agreement (the “XinHuoSu Agreements”) with Tibet Pharmaceutical in connection
                         to a finished drug product (Lyophilized Recombinant Human Brain Natriuretic Peptide) which was
                         distributed in the PRC market under the trade name of XinHuoSu for a term of three years with
                         effect from 1 July 2008 to 30 June 2011.




193   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                        (CONTINUED)
                                                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




18. INTANGIBLE ASSETS - continued
   Notes: - continued

   (a)   Exclusive distribution rights - continued

         (i)    - continued

                Pursuant to the XinHuoSu Agreements, the Group obtained the exclusive distribution right of
                XinHuoSu for nil consideration and committed to handle the Phase IV clinical trials of XinHuoSu
                for 2,000 cases in the PRC to meet the drug safety standards set by the China Food and Drug
                Administration. The drug, XinHuoSu, to be used in the 2,000 case clinical trials would be
                provided by Tibet Pharmaceutical free of charge. All other costs of the 2,000 case clinical trials
                should be borne by the Group.

                In the opinion of the directors of the Company, the Group obtained the exclusive distribution
                right of XinHuoSu on the basis that the Group should complete the clinical trials of XinHuoSu
                and would bear all the costs of the clinical trials. Therefore, the costs incurred in clinical trials of
                approximately RMB4,745,000 were capitalised as an intangible asset.

                As at 31 December 2011, the exclusive distribution right was fully amortised.

         (ii)	On 23 August 2012, the Group entered into a product rights transfer agreement with 北 京
              亞 東 生 物 製 藥 有 限 公 司 (Beijing Yadong Biopharmaceutical Co., Ltd.) (“Beijing Yadong”), an
              independent third party. According to the Agreement, Tianjin Kangzhe purchased from Beijing
              Yadong the exclusive distribution rights of three Traditional Chinese Medicinal Products - Yin
              Lian Qing Gan Ke Li, Xiang Fu Yi Xue Kou Fu Ye, Ma Jiang Jiao Nang (collectively referred to as
              “Three Products”) for a term of 20 years with effect from 23 August 2012 at a consideration of
              RMB33,000,000. Tianjin Kangzhe exclusively promotes and sells the Three Products in the PRC
              and Beijing Yadong is responsible for the production of the Three Products as required by Tianjin
              Kangzhe and sells the Three Products exclusively to Tianjin Kangzhe.

                During the year ended 31 December 2016, as the market base of Three Products was relatively
                weak and the actual sales of Three Products was lower than previously expected, there was
                an impairment indicator. Management performed an impairment assessment by estimating the
                recoverable amount of Three Products. The recoverable amount of Three Products had been
                determined from a value in use, based on the expected free cash flow up to the end of the
                exclusive distribution right at a discount rate of 11%. The recoverable amount of approximately
                RMB5,850,000 was lower than the carrying amount of approximately RMB25,850,000, an
                impairment loss of RMB20,000,000 was recognised for the year ended 31 December 2016.




                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           194
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




      18. INTANGIBLE ASSETS - continued
            Notes: - continued

            (a)   Exclusive distribution rights - continued

                  (ii)    - continued

                         During the year ended 31 December 2019, the management considered that there is an
                         impairment indicator on the carrying amount of Three Products as the actual sales of Three
                         Products was lower than previously expected. Management performed an impairment
                         assessment by estimating the recoverable amount of Three Products. The recoverable amount of
                         Three products has been determined from a value in use, based on the expected free cash flow
                         up to the end of the exclusive distribution right as at a discount rate of 11% and an impairment
                         loss of RMB4,730,000 was recognised for the year ended 31 December 2019.

                         During the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020, management reviews the performance of
                         Three Products and concludes that there is no indication that the impairment losses previously
                         recognised no longer exist or have decreased.

                  	As at 31 December 2021 and 2020, the exclusive distribution rights are fully impaired.

                  (iii)	On 26 February 2016, the Group entered into an exclusive license agreement with AstraZeneca
                        AB, an independent third party, pursuant to which AstraZeneca AB granted an exclusive license
                        to the Group for the commercialisation of Plendil (Felodipine Sustained Release Tablet) in the
                        PRC, at a consideration of US$310,000,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB2,029,012,000).
                        US$155,000,000 had been paid in 2016 and the remaining balance of US$155,000,000 had
                        been paid in 2017. As at 31 December 2021, the carrying amount of the exclusive distribution
                        right was approximately RMB1,437,217,000 (2020: RMB1,538,667,000).

                         Under the exclusive license agreement, the Group has agreed to meet certain pre-agreed annual
                         sales target in relation to the sales of Pendil in the PRC for the first three years of the term of the
                         exclusive license agreement from years ended 31 December 2016 to 2018 and the annual sales
                         target of respective years has been met. No additional annual sales target is required under the
                         exclusive license agreement during the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020.

                         The expected useful life of the exclusive license right is 20 years.




195   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    (CONTINUED)
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




18. INTANGIBLE ASSETS - continued
   Notes: - continued

   (a)   Exclusive distribution rights - continued

         (iv)	The Group acquired 100% of equity interest in Luqa Ventures Co., Limited (“Luqa”) on 1 February
               2021. This included the acquisition of the exclusive agency rights of prescription medical
               aesthetic products including Aethoxysklerol and other aesthetic medical drugs. The exclusive
               agency rights were measured at their fair values at the date of acquisition and the valuation of the
               intangible assets was performed by Vigers Appraisal & Consulting Limited, an independent valuer.

                The fair value of the exclusive agency rights at the date of acquisition was determined based on
                the royalty rate method by capitalising future royalty income which a market participant would be
                willing to pay to use the exclusive agency rights for the remaining term of the exclusive agency
                rights. As at the acquisition date, the exclusive agency rights of prescription medical aesthetic
                products owned by Luqa amounted to RMB101,509,000. As at 31 December 2021, the carrying
                amount was approximately RMB90,880,000.

                The expected useful lives of the exclusive agency rights are ranging from 2 years to 10 years.

   (b)   Acquisition of exclusive distribution rights and patent rights

         (i)	The Group acquired 100% of equity interest in Great Move Enterprises Limited (“Great Move”)
              and 51% of equity interest in Guangxi Kangzhe Guangming Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Kangzhe
              Guangming”) on 3 April 2011 and 30 April 2011, respectively. This included the acquisition of
              exclusive distribution rights and patent rights for the sales of several products. The exclusive
              distribution rights and patent rights were measured at their fair values at the date of acquisition
              and the valuation of the intangible assets was performed by Vigers Appraisal & Consulting
              Limited, an independent valuer.

         	The fair value of the patent rights at the date of acquisition was determined based on the royalty
           rate method by capitalising future royalty income which a market participant would be willing to
           pay to use the patents for the remaining term of the patent right. The fair value of the exclusive
           distribution rights at the date of acquisition was determined based on the multi-period excess
           earnings method by capitalising future cash flows derived from the intangible assets for the
           remaining term of the distribution rights.




                                                                          CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED       196
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




      18. INTANGIBLE ASSETS - continued
            Notes: - continued

            (b)   Acquisition of exclusive distribution rights and patent rights- continued

                  (i)    - continued

                  	As at the acquisition date, the major patent rights owned by Tianjin Kangzhe, the wholly
                    owned subsidiary of Great Move, represented YiNuoShu and ShaDuoLiKa amounting to
                    RMB137,917,000 and RMB8,287,000, respectively and the exclusive distribution rights owned
                    by Tianjin Kangzhe amounted to RMB39,350,000.

                         During the year ended 31 December 2020, the management considers that there is an
                         impairment indicator on the carrying amount of YiNuoShu as there is adverse change in the
                         Group’s market shares in selling YiNuoShu. Therefore, a full impairment loss of RMB57,598,000
                         was recognised for the year ended 31 December 2020.

                         During the year ended 31 December 2021, management reviews the performance of YiNuoShu
                         and concludes that there is no indication that the impairment loss previously recognised no longer
                         exist or have decreased.

                         As at 31 December 2021 and 2020, the carrying amounts of patent rights of YiNuoShu and
                         ShaDuoLiKa and exclusive distribution rights owned by Tianjin Kangzhe were nil, nil and nil,
                         respectively.

                         The Group also acquired the exclusive distribution right and patent right of XiDaKang amounting
                         to RMB5,813,000 and RMB7,715,000, respectively through the acquisition of a former subsidiary,
                         Kangzhe Guangming. As at 31 December 2021, the carrying amount of the exclusive distribution
                         right and patent right of XiDaKang were approximately RMB1,896,000 and RMB1,478,000,
                         respectively (2020: RMB2,197,000 and RMB1,708,000).

                  	The expected useful lives of the exclusive distribution rights and patent rights are ranging from 1
                    year to 17 years.




197   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    (CONTINUED)
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




18. INTANGIBLE ASSETS - continued
   Notes: - continued

   (b)   Acquisition of exclusive distribution rights and patent rights - continued

         (ii)	On 27 December 2013, the Group entered into a transfer agreement with the shareholders of
              non-controlling interests of Kangzhe Guangming in connection with the transfer of the patent right
              of XiDaKang at a consideration of RMB40,000,000. Kangzhe Guangming, who directly held 49%
              equity interest of Kangzhe Guangming, agreed to transfer the 49% interest in the patent right of
              XiDaKang to Kangzhe Hunan, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. The consideration
              will be settled by the first payment of RMB30,000,000 and annual payment of RMB1,000,000
              to the Kangzhe Guangming over the next ten years. The directors of the Company recognised
              the payable as a deferred consideration payable (see note 30) in the amount of RMB6,145,000
              at initial recognition which represents the present value of the annual consideration of
              RMB1,000,000 over next ten years discounted at 10%. Pursuant to the transfer agreement,
              the 51% interest in the patent right of XiDaKang was also transferred from Kangzhe Guangming
              to Kangzhe Hunan. Starting from 27 December 2013, Kangzhe Hunan has replaced Kangzhe
              Guangming as the patent right owner of XiDaKang. As at 31 December 2021, the carrying
              amount of the patent right was approximately RMB15,973,000 (2020: RMB18,495,000).

         	The expected useful lives of the patent right is 14 years.

         (iii)	The Group acquired 100% of equity interest in Kangzhe Lengshuijiang Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
                (formerly known as Sinopharm Traditional Chinese Medicine Lengshuijiang Pharmaceutical Co.,
                Ltd.) (“Kangzhe Lengshuijiang”) on 28 February 2013. This included the acquisition of the patent
                right of GanFuLe. The patent right was measured at their fair values at the date of acquisition and
                the valuation of the intangible assets was performed by Vigers Appraisal & Consulting Limited, an
                independent valuer.

         	The fair value of the patent right at the date of acquisition was determined based on the royalty
           rate method by capitalising future royalty income which a market participant would be willing to
           pay to use the patents for the remaining term of the patent right. As at the acquisition date, the
           patent right of GanFule owned by Kangzhe Lengshuijiang amounted to RMB16,005,000.

                During the year ended 31 December 2016, Kangzhe Lengshuijiang was deregistered and merged
                with Kangzhe Hunan. The assets and liabilities held by Kangzhe Lengshuijiang were transferred
                to Kangzhe Hunan at the time of merger and Kangzhe Hunan is responsible for the production of
                GanFuLe after the merger. As at 31 December 2021, the carrying amount of the patent right of
                GanFuLe was approximately RMB3,973,000 (2020: RMB5,335,000).

         	The expected useful live of the patent right is 11 years.




                                                                          CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED       198
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




      18. INTANGIBLE ASSETS - continued
            Notes: - continued

            (b)   Acquisition of exclusive distribution rights and patent rights - continued

                  (iv)   The Group acquired 52.01% of equity interest in Hebei Xinglong Xili Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
                         (“Xili Pharmaceutical”) on 16 February 2015. This included the acquisition of the patent right of
                         DanShenTong. The patent right was measured at their fair values at the date of acquisition and
                         the valuation of the intangible assets was performed by Vigers Appraisal & Consulting Limited, an
                         independent valuer.

                         The fair value of the patent right at the date of acquisition was determined based on the royalty
                         rate method by capitalising future royalty income which a market participant would be willing to
                         pay to use the patents for the remaining term of the patent right. As at the acquisition date, the
                         patent right of DanShenTong owned by Xili Pharmaceutical, amounted to RMB114,489,000.
                         As at 31 December 2021, the carrying amount was approximately RMB70,619,000 (2020:
                         RMB77,039,000).

                  	The expected useful live of the patent right is 18 years.

                  (v)    The Group acquired 64.81% of equity interest in Shanghai Carnation Medical Technology Co.,
                         Ltd. (“Carnation”) on 8 June 2021. This included the acquisition of the patent right of a medical
                         aesthetic device, FUBA5200 Focused Ultrasound Body Contouring System. The patent right was
                         measured at its fair value at the date of acquisition and the valuation of the intangible assets was
                         performed by Vigers Appraisal & Consulting Limited, an independent valuer.

                         The fair value of the patent right at the date of acquisition was determined based on the
                         royalty rate method by capitalising future royalty income which a market participant would
                         be willing to pay to use the patent right for the remaining term of the patent right. As at the
                         acquisition date, the patent right of the medical aesthetic device owned by Carnation amounted
                         to RMB38,706,000. As at 31 December 2021, the carrying amount was approximately
                         RMB38,706,000.

                         The expected useful life of the patent rights is 10 years.

            (c)   Acquisition of product rights

                  (i)    On 1 July 2014, the Group entered into a series of agreements related to Stulln with an
                         independent third party, Pharma Stulln GmbH (“Pharma”) in connection with the transfer of
                         all assets related to Stulln for the Chinese market (including Hong Kong and Macau Special
                         Administration Regions (“SAR”)), including but not limited to the right of manufacturing
                         Stulln for the Chinese market, marketing authorisation for the Chinese market and relevant
                         intellectual property rights, including trademark in Chinese characters and know-how of Stulln,
                         and has been licensed the exclusive right to utilise the trademark in English characters, at a
                         consideration of EUR10,000,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB72,317,000). During the
                         year ended 31 December 2014, the residual balance of the exclusive agency right of Stulln of
                         approximately RMB14,625,000 was transferred to product right accordingly. As at 31 December
                         2021, the carrying amount of the product right was approximately RMB47,703,000 (2020:
                         RMB51,519,000).

                         The expected useful life of the product right is 20 years.
199   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                       (CONTINUED)
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




18. INTANGIBLE ASSETS - continued
   Notes: - continued

   (c)   Acquisition of product rights - continued

         (ii)	On 17 December 2014, the Group entered into a series of agreements related to Lamisil Tablet
              and Parlodel Tablet (the “Products”) with two independent third parties, Novartis AG and Novartis
              Pharma AG, the suppliers of the Products in Switzerland in connection with the transfer of
              all assets related to the Products, including the drug production license of Lamisil Tablet, co-
              marketing authorisation in Switzerland and imported drug license in China of Parlodel Tablet,
              all know-how, books and records, commercial and medical information exclusively to the
              Products for Chinese market (For Lamisil Tablet, Chinese market refers to Chinese Mainland;
              For Parlodel Tablet, Chinese market refers to Chinese Mainland and Hong Kong SAR and
              Taiwan), at a consideration of US$25,000,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB152,972,000).
              As at 31 December 2021, the carrying amount was approximately RMB105,521,000 (2020:
              RMB113,638,000).

         	The expected useful life of the product rights is 20 years.

         (iii)	On 25 March 2015, the Group entered into a series of agreements related to Combizym and
               Hirudoid (the “Purchased Products”) with an independent third party, DKSH International AG, in
               connection with the purchase of (i) all trademarks regarding the Purchased Products; (ii) all market
               authorisations or similar licenses, certificates or approvals regarding the Purchased Products
               and all rights, benefits or other interests obtained; (iii) the exclusive right and title to develop,
               manufacture, register, apply for registration, import, market, distribute, sell or otherwise use and/
               or exploit the Purchased Products; and (iv) all books and records, commercial information and
               medical information related to the Purchased Products, with respect to Combizym in China,
               Hong Kong and Switzerland, and certain other designated countries or areas in Asia, and with
               respect to Hirudoid in China, at a consideration of Swiss Franc (“CHF”) 76,600,000 (equivalent
               to approximately RMB486,019,000). As at 31 December 2021, the carrying amount was
               approximately RMB340,409,000 (2020: RMB366,100,000).

         	The expected useful life of the product rights is 20 years.

         (iv)	On 30 December 2014, the Group entered into an agreement related to Movicol (the “Product”)
              with an independent third party, Norgine B.V., in connection with the purchase of the right to
              import, register, market, distribute, promote and sell the Product in the PRC including Hong
              Kong and Macau (the “Product Right”), at a consideration of EUR9,000,000 (equivalent to
              approximately RMB72,100,000), and such consideration has been recognised as deposit paid
              for acquisition of intangible asset as the Product is still under still under approval by the regulatory
              body. During the year ended 31 December 2019, the commercialisation of the Product has
              been approved by relevant regulatory body and therefore, the deposit has been transferred to
              intangible assets as it is probable that the expected future economic benefits that are attributable
              to the Product Right will flow to the Group. As at 31 December 2021, the carrying amount was
              approximately RMB61,285,000 (2020: RMB64,890,000).

         	The expected useful life of the product rights is 20 years.

                                                                          CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          200
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




      19. GOODWILL
                                                                                                            RMB’000
            COST
            At 1 January 2020 and 31 December 2020                                                         1,384,535
            Arising on acquisition of subsidiaries (note 42)                                                 496,644

            At 31 December 2021                                                                            1,881,179

            IMPAIRMENT LOSS
            At 1 January 2020                                                                                      -
            Impairment loss recognised during the year                                                       170,000

            At 31 December 2020                                                                              170,000
            Impairment loss recognised during the year                                                        20,000

            At 31 December 2021                                                                              190,000

            CARRYING VALUES
            At 31 December 2021                                                                            1,691,179

            At 31 December 2020                                                                            1,214,535



            For the purposes of impairment testing, the entire amount of goodwill has been allocated to seven (2020:
            five) CGUs, representing seven (2020: five) subsidiaries, namely Tianjin Kangzhe, Kangzhe Hunan, Sky United
            Trading Limited (“Sky United”), Xili Pharmaceutical, Tibet Kangzhe Development, Luqa and Carnation. (2020:
            Tianjin Kangzhe, Kangzhe Hunan, Sky United, Xili Pharmaceutical and Tibet Kangzhe Development). Tianjin
            Kangzhe is engaged in marketing, promotion and sale of drugs. Sky United and Tibet Kangzhe Development
            are engaged in trading of drugs. Kangzhe Hunan and Xili Pharmaceutical are engaged in production of
            medicines. Luqa is engaged in sales of medical aesthetic products. Carnation is engaged in research and
            development and manufacture of energy-based medical aesthetic devices. The carrying amounts of goodwill
            (net of accumulated impairment losses) allocated to these units are as follows:

                                                                                           2021                2020
                                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000

            Tianjin Kangzhe                                                              990,333             990,333
            Kangzhe Hunan                                                                 21,295              21,295
            Sky United                                                                     2,963               2,963
            Xili Pharmaceutical                                                          178,090             198,090
            Tibet Kangzhe Development                                                      1,854               1,854
            Luqa                                                                         460,002                   -
            Carnation                                                                     36,642                   -
                                                                                       1,691,179           1,214,535




201   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   (CONTINUED)
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




19. GOODWILL - continued
   The recoverable amounts of Tianjin Kangzhe, Kangzhe Hunan, Sky United, Xili Pharmaceutical, Tibet Kangzhe
   Development, Luqa and Carnation are determined based on value in use calculations. The key assumptions
   for the value in use calculations are those regarding the discount rates, growth rates and expected changes to
   selling prices and direct costs during the year. Management estimates discount rates using pre-tax rates that
   reflect current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the CGUs. The growth
   rates are based on industry growth forecasts. Changes in selling prices and direct costs are based on past
   performance and expectations of future changes in the market.

   Tianjin Kangzhe

   At 31 December 2021, the impairment review is determined based on cash flow projections which were
   derived from the financial budgets approved by management covering a five-year period, with a discount rate
   of 12.5% (2020: 12.1%). Tianjin Kangzhe’s cash flows beyond the five-year period are extrapolated using a
   growth rate of 3% (2020: 3%). This growth rate is based on management’s best estimate and past experience
   on the industry.

   During the year ended 31 December 2021, no impairment loss was recognised.

   During the year 31 December 2020, there was decline in financial performance of Tianjin Kangzhe for the year
   ended 31 December 2020 and expected continuous decline in the forecast period partly due to the negative
   effects by the novel coronavirus and adverse change in the Group’s market shares in selling YiNuoShu. The
   directors of the Company had consequently determined impairment of goodwill amounted to approximately
   RMB170,000,000. The impairment loss had been included in “other gains or losses” line item. No impairment
   on other assets of Tianjin Kangzhe was considered necessary. The recoverable amount of Tianjin Kangzhe
   amounted to RMB941,879,000 as at 31 December 2020.

   If the discount rate was changed to 13.1%, while other parameters remain constant, the recoverable amount
   of Tianjin Kangzhe as at 31 December 2020 would reduce to RMB844,664,000 and a further impairment of
   goodwill of RMB97,215,000 would be recognised.

   Kangzhe Hunan

   At 31 December 2021, the impairment review is determined based on cash flow projections which were
   derived from the financial budgets approved by management covering a five-year period, with a discount rate
   of 12.7% (2020: 12.3%). Kangzhe Hunan’s cash flows beyond the five-year period are extrapolated using a
   growth rate of 3% (2020: 3%). This growth rate is based on management’s best estimate and past experience
   on the industry. During the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020, no impairment loss was recognised.




                                                                       CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        202
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




      19. GOODWILL - continued
            Xili Pharmaceutical

            At 31 December 2021, the impairment review is determined based on cash flow projections which were derived
            from the financial budgets approved by management covering a five-year period, with a discount rate of 13.1%
            (2020: 13.4%). Xili Pharmaceutical’s cash flows beyond the five-year period are extrapolated using a growth
            rate of 3% (2020: 3%). This growth rate is based on management’s best estimate and past experience on the
            industry.

            During the year 31 December 2021, there was decline in financial performance of Xili Pharmaceutical for the
            year and expected continuous decline in the forecast period. The directors of the Company had consequently
            determined impairment of goodwill amounted to approximately RMB20,000,000. The impairment loss had
            been included in “other gains or losses” line item. No impairment on other assets of Xili Pharmaceutical was
            considered necessary. The recoverable amount of Xili Pharmaceutical amounted to RMB363,040,000 as at 31
            December 2021.

            If the discount rate was changed to 14.1% while other parameters remain constant, the recoverable amount
            of Xili Pharmaceutical as at 31 December 2021 would reduce to RMB330,856,000 and a further impairment of
            goodwill of RMB16,739,000 would be recognised.

            During the year ended 31 December 2020, no impairment loss was recognised.

            Luqa

            At 31 December 2021, the impairment review is determined based on cash flow projections which were derived
            from the financial budgets approved by management covering a five-year period, with a discount rate of 14.8%
            (2020: N/A). Luqa’s cash flows beyond the five-year period are extrapolated using a growth rate of 3% (2020:
            N/A). This growth rate is based on management’s best estimate and past experience on the industry. During
            the year ended 31 December 2021, no impairment loss was recognised.

            Carnation

            At 31 December 2021, the impairment review is determined based on cash flow projections which were derived
            from the financial budgets approved by management covering a five-year period, with a discount rate of 24.2%
            (2020: N/A). Carnation’s cash flows beyond the five-year period are extrapolated using a growth rate of 2%
            (2020: N/A). This growth rate is based on management’s best estimate and past experience on the industry.
            During the year ended 31 December 2021, no impairment loss was recognised.

            The goodwill of Sky United and Tibet Kangzhe Development was immaterial as at the end of both reporting
            periods. During the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020, no impairment loss was recognised.




203   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    (CONTINUED)
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




20. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR
    LOSS/EQUITY INSTRUMENTS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER
    COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
   (a)	Financial assets at FVTPL

                                                                                      2021                 2020
                                                                                   RMB’000              RMB’000
         Listed investments:
         Equity securities listed on the Shanghai Stock
          Exchange (the “SSE”) (Note i)                                                  610                     -

         Unlisted investments:
         Capital funds (Note ii)                                                    382,824                 3,884
         Equity securities (Note iii)                                               594,440                     -

                                                                                    977,264                 3,884

         Total                                                                      977,874                 3,884


         Notes:

         (i)	The listed equity investment represents ordinary shares of one entity listed on the SSE. The
              investment is held for trading and its fair value is based on the quoted market price.

         (ii)     During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group further invested approximately RMB
                  330,408,000 (2020: RMB 1,715,000) into various capital funds. As at 31 December 2021, the fair
                  values of these capital funds amounted to RMB382,824,000 (2020: RMB3,884,000), and a gain
                  on change in fair value of RMB48,532,000 (2020: loss of RMB567,000) has been recognised in
                  profit and loss.

                  A&B (HK) Company Limited (“A&B”), a company wholly-owned by a controlling shareholder of the
                  Company, also had invested in certain capital funds invested by the Group. As at 31 December
                  2021, the fair values of these capital funds were RMB 6,117,000 (2020:RMB 3,884,000)

         (iii)    During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group invested approximately RMB527,316,000
                  in unlisted equity investments. As at 31 December 2021, the fair values of the equity investments
                  amounted to RMB594,440,000, and a gain on change in fair value of RMB67,124,000 has been
                  recognised in profit and loss.

                  A&B also had equity interest in a certain unlisted equity investment invested by the Group. As at
                  31 December 2021, the fair value of the unlisted equity investment was RMB1,767,000 (2020: nil)




                                                                        CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         204
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




      20. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR
          LOSS/EQUITY INSTRUMENTS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER
          COMPREHENSIVE INCOME - continued
            (b)	Equity instruments at FVTOCI

                                                                                              2021                  2020
                                                                                           RMB’000               RMB’000
                    Listed investments:
                    Equity securities listed on
                     London Stock Exchange Plc (the “LSE”) (Note i)                           39,330               33,244
                     Euronext N.V. (the “ENV”) (Note ii)                                      24,239                    -

                                                                                              63,569               33,244

                    Unlisted investments:
                    Equity securities (Note iii)                                             336,902              382,341

                    Total                                                                    400,471              415,585


                  The directors of the Company have elected to designate these investments in equity instruments as at
                  FVTOCI as they believe that recognising short-term fluctuations in these investments’ fair value in profit
                  or loss would not be consistent with the Group’s strategy of holding these investments for long-term
                  purposes and realising their performance potential in the long run.

                  Notes:

                  (i)	The listed equity investment represents ordinary shares of the following two (2020: two) entities
                       listed on LSE. The investments are denominated in British Pound (“GBP”) and the fair values are
                       based on the quoted market price.

                            (a) Midatech Pharma Plc (“Midatech”) - the Group invested approximately GBP4,000,000
                                (equivalent to RMB34,705,000) in Midatech during year ended 31 December 2019.

                            (b) Destiny Pharma plc (“Destiny”) - the Group first invested approximately GBP3,000,000
                                (equivalent to RMB 26,291,000) in Destiny during the year ended 31 December 2017. The
                                Group further invested GBP1,000,000 (equivalent to RMB8,435,000) in Destiny during the
                                year ended 31 December 2020.

                            As at 31 December 2021, the fair values of these two equity securities amounted to
                            RMB39,330,000 (2020: RMB33,244,000), and a gain on change in fair value of RMB6,086,000
                            (2020: a fair value loss of RMB9,327,000) has been recognised in other comprehensive income.

                            As at 31 December 2021 and 2020, A&B also had equity interest in Midatech and Destiny.




205   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                      (CONTINUED)
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




20. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR
    LOSS/EQUITY INSTRUMENTS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER
    COMPREHENSIVE INCOME - continued
   (b)	Equity instruments at FVTOCI - continued

         Notes: - continued

         (ii)	The listed equity investment represents ordinary shares of Acticor Biotech (“Acticor”), which
               became listed on ENV on 1 November 2021. The Group first invested approximately EUR
               4,000,000 (equivalent to RMB30,607,000) in Acticor during the year ended 31 December 2018.
               The Group further invested EUR1,000,000 (equivalent to RMB7,595,000) in Acticor during the
               year ended 31 December 2021. The investment is denominated in EUR and the fair value is
               based on the quoted market price.

               As at 31 December 2021, the fair value of the equity investment amounted to RMB24,239,000
               (2020: RMB30,607,000), and a loss on change in fair value of RMB13,963,000 (2020: nil) has
               been recognised in other comprehensive income.

               As at 31 December 2021 and 2020, A&B also had equity interest in Acticor.

         (iii)	The unlisted equity investments represent the Group’s equity interests in the various biotech/
                pharmaceutical companies.

               During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group further invested approximately
               RMB2,606,000 (2020: RMB 146,773,000) into the unlisted equity investments. In additions, one
               unlisted equity investment, Acticor was transferred into listed investment (see (ii) above) during the
               year ended 31 December 2021, of which the balance was RMB30,607,000 as at 31 December
               2020.

               As at 31 December 2021, the fair values of the equity investments amounted to RMB336,902,000
               (2020: RMB382,341,000). The fair values of the above unlisted equity investments were
               performed by Vigers Appraisal & Consulting Limited, a professional independent valuer. During
               the years ended 31 December 2021, a loss on change in fair value of RMB17,438,000 (2020: nil)
               has been recognised in other comprehensive income.

               A&B also had equity interest in certain unlisted equity investments invested by the Group. As at
               31 December 2021, the fair values of these unlisted equity investments were RMB222,646,000
               (2020:RMB239,709,000)




                                                                        CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           206
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




      21. INVENTORIES
                                                                                             2021                2020
                                                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000

            Raw materials                                                                   24,993               9,920
            Work in progress                                                                24,257               9,328
            Finished goods                                                                 423,348             361,967

                                                                                           472,598             381,215



      22. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES AND PREPAYMENTS
                                                                                             2021                2020
                                                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000

            Trade receivables                                                            1,405,322           1,056,176
            Less: Allowance for credit losses                                                (9,533)             (8,228)

                                                                                         1,395,789           1,047,948
            Bills receivables                                                              453,350             445,998
            Purchase prepayments                                                           213,125             137,360
            Other receivables and deposits                                                 141,738              74,300

                                                                                         2,204,002           1,705,606


            As at 1 January 2020, trade receivables from contracts with customers amounted to RMB1,001,862,000.

            The Group normally allows a credit period ranging from 0 to 90 days to its trade customers, but longer credit
            period up to four months is allowed to some selected customers.




207   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                      (CONTINUED)
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




22. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES AND PREPAYMENTS - continued
   The following is an analysis of trade receivables by age, net of allowance for credit losses presented based on
   the dates of receipt of goods at the respective reporting dates, which approximate the revenue recognition
   dates and an analysis of bill receivables by age, net of allowance for credit losses, presented based on the bills
   issuance date at the end of the reporting period:

                                                                                       2021                  2020
                                                                                    RMB’000               RMB’000
   Trade receivables
    0 - 90 days                                                                    1,297,684             1,034,677
    91 - 365 days                                                                     98,105                13,271
                                                                                   1,395,789             1,047,948
   Bill receivables
    0 - 90 days                                                                      306,457               276,546
    91 - 120 days                                                                     51,281                45,732
    121 - 180 days                                                                    95,612               123,720
                                                                                     453,350               445,998

   As at 31 December 2021, total bills receivables amounting to RMB453,350,000 (2020: RMB445,998,000) are
   held by the Group. All bills receivables by the Group are accepted by banks with a maturity period of less than
   six months.

   As at 31 December 2021, included in the Group’s trade receivables balance are debtors with aggregate
   carrying amount of RMB56,942,000 (2020: RMB10,872,000) which are past due at the reporting date.
   Included in the past due balances, RMB30,570,000 (2020: RMB3,604,000) was aged 90 days or more and is
   not considered as in default. Based on the historical experiences of the Group, trade receivables past due are
   generally recoverable due to the long term relationship and good repayment record.

   The Group does not hold any collateral over these balances.

   Details of impairment assessment of trade and other receivables as at 31 December 2021 and 2020 are set out
   in note 36.




                                                                         CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          208
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




      23. DEPOSITS PAID FOR ACQUISITION OF INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                                                             2021                 2020
                                                                                          RMB’000              RMB’000

            Deposits paid for acquisition of intangible assets                              790,483             628,989


            Note:         Included in the deposits paid for acquisition of intangible assets, mainly approximately
                          RMB402,223,000 (2020: RMB402,223,000), RMB106,974,000 (2020: RMB106,974,000),
                          RMB40,824,000 (2020: RMB40,824,000), RMB32,625,000 (2020: nil), RMB30,000,000 (2020:
                          nil), RMB27,904,000 (2020: RMB27,904,000), RMB18,000,000 (2020:nil) and RMB13,446,000
                          (2020: RMB13,446,000), have been paid to Sun Pharmaceutical Industrial Ltd., Gelesis Inc.,
                          Medac Gesellschaft Fur Klinische Speziallpraparate M.B.H, Cosmo Technologies Ltd, Jiangxi
                          Shimei Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd, Cadila Healthcare Limited, Shandong Innovative Drug Research
                          and Development Co., Ltd and Can-Fite BioPharma, respectively. All these companies are
                          independent third parties not connected with the Group. The deposits were paid for certain
                          exclusive distribution/ product rights of medical products to be approved by relevant regulatory
                          bodies for the sales in specific territories.


      24. AMOUNT DUE FROM AN ASSOCIATE
            As at 31 December 2021, the balance of approximately RMB30,000,000 (2020: RMB30,000,000) was non-
            trade nature and non-interest bearing, represented deposit to Tibet Pharmaceutical for exclusive distribution
            right.

            As at 31 December 2021, the balance of approximately RMB320,036,000 (2020: RMB207,271,000) was trade
            nature and non-interest bearing, represented promotion income receivables from Tibet Pharmaceutical. The
            Group allows a credit period of 90 days to Tibet Pharmaceutical. The balance as at 31 December 2021 was
            aged within three months (2020: within three months) based on the invoice date.




209   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   (CONTINUED)
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




25. BANK BALANCES AND CASH
   The bank deposits carry interest at the prevailing market rate of approximately 0.30% to 3.40% (2020: 0.30%
   to 1.95%) per annum. Included in bank balances are the following amounts denominated in currencies other
   than functional currency of the relevant group entities:


                                                                                     2021                 2020
                                                                                  RMB’000              RMB’000

   Euro (“EUR”)                                                                       9,566               8,459
   Hong Kong Dollar (“HK$”)                                                          24,398              13,613
   United States Dollar (“US$”)                                                      14,109              10,411
   Confederation Helvetica Franc (“CHF”)                                              2,059               1,557
   Great Britain Pound (“GBP”)                                                        1,802               3,180



26. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
   An aging analysis of the trade payables presented based on the invoice date at the end of the reporting periods
   is as follows:

                                                                                     2021                 2020
                                                                                  RMB’000              RMB’000

   0 - 90 days                                                                     142,639              128,643
   91 - 365 days                                                                     2,757                3,185
   Over 365 days                                                                       502                2,980

   Trade payables                                                                  145,898              134,808
   Payroll and welfare payables                                                    280,000              205,357
   Other tax payables                                                               38,031               90,935
   Accrued promotion expenses                                                       61,229               84,233
   Accrued sales rebates                                                            50,000               25,000
   Accruals                                                                         35,098               44,872
   Other payables                                                                   19,291               34,079

                                                                                   629,547              619,284


   The credit period on purchases of goods is ranging from 0 to 120 days.




                                                                        CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        210
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




      27. LEASE LIABILITIES
                                                                                                   2021                  2020
                                                                                                RMB’000               RMB’000
            Lease liabilities payable:

            Within one year                                                                        16,922                 7,266
            Within a period of more than one year
             but not more than two years                                                           10,530                 4,888
            Within a period of more than two years
             but not more than five years                                                           7,280                   752

                                                                                                   34,732                12,906
            Less: Amount due for settlement with 12 months
                   shown under current liabilities                                                (16,922)                (7,266)


            Amount due for settlement after 12 months shown under
             non-current liabilities                                                               17,810                 5,640



      28. CONTRACT LIABILITIES
                                                                                                   2021                  2020
                                                                                                RMB’000               RMB’000

            Receipts in advance from customers - finished goods                                    23,715                14,406


            As at 1 January 2020, contract liabilities amounted to RMB12,939,000.

            The following table shows how much of the revenue recognised in the current year relates to carried-forward
            contract liabilities.
                                                                                                   2021                  2020
                                                                                                RMB’000               RMB’000
            Revenue recognised that was included in the contract
             liabilities balance at the beginning of the year                                      14,406                12,939


            When the Group receives a deposit from customers before the goods are delivered to and received by the
            customers, this will give rise to contract liabilities at the start of a contract, until the revenue recognised on the
            relevant contract exceeds the amount of the deposit.

            The increase in contract liabilities in current year was mainly due to the increase in the minimum balance of the
            receipt in advance from customers.




211   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                              (CONTINUED)
                                                                       FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




29. BANK BORROWINGS
                                                                                 2021                2020
                                                                              RMB’000             RMB’000

   Bank loans                                                                1,677,573             587,251

   Analysed as:
   Secured                                                                           -                  10
   Unsecured                                                                 1,677,573             587,241
                                                                             1,677,573             587,251


                                                                                 2021                2020
                                                                              RMB’000             RMB’000
   The carrying amounts of the above borrowings are repayable*:
    Within one year                                                          1,103,760                  10
    Within a period of more than one year but not
     exceeding two years                                                       573,813             117,448
    Within a period of more than two years but not
     exceeding five years                                                             -            469,793

                                                                             1,677,573             587,251
   Less: Amounts due within one year shown under current
    liabilities                                                              (1,103,760)                (10)

   Amounts shown under non-current liabilities                                 573,813             587,241


   *	The amounts due are based on scheduled repayment dates set out in the loan agreements.

   The ranges of effective interest rates (which are also equal to contractual interest rate) on the Group’s
   borrowings and their carrying values are as follows:

                                                                                 2021                2020
                                                                              RMB’000             RMB’000
   Fixed-rate borrowings
    Denominated in RMB (5.23% per annum
      as at 31 December 2020)                                                         -                 10

   Variable-rate borrowings
    Denominated in HK$ range from 0.77% to 0.85%
     per annum as at 31 December 2021 (Note a)                               1,103,760                    -
    Denominated in US$ range from 0.80% to 1.46%
     per annum as at 31 December 2021
     (2020: from 1.44% to 1.49%) (Notes b & c)                                 573,813             587,241

   Total                                                                     1,677,573             587,251


                                                                    CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED      212
                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




      29. BANK BORROWINGS - continued
            Notes:

            (a)	Variable rates range from Hong Kong Interbank Offered Rate (“HIBOR”) plus 0.62% to HIBOR plus 0.7%
                 as at 31 December 2021.

            (b)	Variable rates range from LIBOR plus 0.7% to LIBOR plus 1.25% as at 31 December 2021 (2020:
                 LIBOR plus 1.25% to LIBOR plus 1.3%).

            (c)	As at 31 December 2021, the Group uses interest rate swaps to minimise its exposure to interest
                 rate movements on the variable-rate bank borrowings of approximately RMB573,813,000 (2020:
                 RMB587,241,000). The principal amount of the variable-rate bank borrowings will be repayable on 24
                 March 2023 and 27 March 2023 (2020: 24 March 2023 and 27 March 2023). Details of the interest rate
                 swaps are disclosed in note 32.

            As at 31 December 2021, the Group had unutilised banking facilities of approximately RMB500,000,000 (2020:
            RMB1,478,227,000).


      30. DEFERRED CONSIDERATION PAYABLES
                                                                                             2021                 2020
                                                                                          RMB’000              RMB’000

            Non-current                                                                         736                1,487
            Current                                                                           2,000                2,929

                                                                                              2,736                4,416


            During the year ended 31 December 2013, the Group acquired 49% interest in the patent right of XiDaKang
            for a consideration of RMB40,000,000 (see note 18(b) (ii)). In addition to the first payment of RMB30,000,000,
            further consideration is payable annually of RMB1,000,000 for 10 years commencing on 27 December 2014.
            The present value of the discounted consideration determined based on a discount rate of 10% amounting to
            RMB6,145,000 was accounted for by the Group as deferred consideration payable at initial recognition. As at
            31 December 2021, the carrying value amounting to RMB2,736,000 (2020: RMB2,487,000) was included in
            deferred consideration payables.

            During the year ended 31 December 2019, the Group acquired both shares and warrants issued by a
            company listed on LSE at a lump sum consideration of approximately GBP4,000,000 (note 39(i)) (equivalent
            to approximately RMB34,705,000). Upon the acquisition, as the fair value of the warrant is not based on a
            valuation technique that uses only data from observable markets, the difference between the aggregate of fair
            value of both shares and warrants at the date of initial recognition and the consideration was recognised and
            included within deferred consideration payables and amortised over the exercise period of the warrants. As at
            31 December 2021, the carrying value is nil (2020: GBP218,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB1,929,000)).



213   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                              (CONTINUED)
                                                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




30. DEFERRED CONSIDERATION PAYABLES - continued
   The movement of the deferred difference on initial recognition of financial instruments is shown as follows:

                                                                                                                RMB’000
   At 1 January 2020                                                                                               3,858
   Charge to profit or loss                                                                                       (1,929)
   At 31 December 2020                                                                                              1,929
   Charge to profit or loss                                                                                        (1,929)
   At 31 December 2021                                                                                                  -



31. DEFERRED TAX
   The following are the deferred tax assets (liabilities) recognised and movements thereon during the current and
   prior years:


                                                Fair value
                                              adjustments       Unrealised Fair value Unrealised
                                                to assets         profit of change     profit of
                                  Unrealised     acquired          equity      on       equity
                                   profits on  in business     instruments cash flow instruments    Tax
                                  inventories combinations       at FVTOCI  hedges     at FVTPL   losses  Others  Total
                                    RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000    RMB’000    RMB’000   RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000

   At 1 January 2020                  19,074        (27,588)       (63,964)     23             -          -     1,201   (71,254)
   Credit to profit or loss
    for the year (note 11)              513          5,419               -        -            -          -         -       5,932
   Credit to other
    comprehensive income                   -              -              -     948             -          -         -         948

   At 31 December 2020                19,587        (22,169)       (63,964)    971             -          -     1,201   (64,374)
   Credit (charge) to profit or
    loss for the year (note 11)         244          3,018               -        -      (27,991)   15,027          -       (9,702)
   Charge to other
    comprehensive income                   -              -              -     (731)           -          -         -        (731)
   Acquisitions of subsidiaries
    (note 42)                              -        (12,469)             -        -            -          -         -   (12,469)

   At 31 December 2021                19,831        (31,620)       (63,964)    240       (27,991)   15,027      1,201   (87,276)



   The following is the analysis of the deferred tax assets (liabilities) for financial reporting purposes:

                                                                                            2021                   2020
                                                                                         RMB’000                RMB’000

   Deferred tax assets                                                                      36,299                 21,759
   Deferred tax liabilities                                                               (123,575)               (86,133)
                                                                                           (87,276)               (64,374)




                                                                               CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED                214
                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




      31. DEFERRED TAX - continued
            At 31 December 2021, the Group had unused tax losses of approximately RMB156,276,000 (2020:
            RMB50,553,000) available for offset against future profits. A deferred tax asset has been recognised
            in respect of approximately RMB93,186,000 (2020: nil) of such losses. No deferred tax asset has been
            recognised in respect of the remaining approximately RMB63,090,000 (2020: RMB50,553,000) due to the
            unpredictability of future profit streams. Included in unrecognised tax losses at 31 December 2021 are tax
            losses of approximately RMB29,189,000 (2020: RMB20,001,000) that will expire within 5 years from the year
            of originating. Other tax losses may be carried forward indefinitely. During the year ended 31 December 2021,
            tax losses of approximately RMB1,063,000 (2020: RMB2,051,000) was expired.

            As at 31 December 2021, the Group had deductible temporary differences of RMB782,687,000 (2020:
            RMB717,183,000) available for offsetting against future profits. A deferred tax asset has been recognised in
            respect of RMB79,324,000 (2020: RMB78,348,000) of such deductible temporary difference. No deferred tax
            asset has been recognised in respect of the remaining balance of RMB703,363,000 (2020: RMB638,835,000)
            as it is not probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences can
            be utilised.

            Under the EIT Law, withholding tax is imposed on dividends declared in respect of profits earned by the PRC
            subsidiary, from 1 January 2008 onwards. Deferred taxation has not been provided for in the consolidated
            financial statements in respect of temporary differences attributable to accumulated profits of the PRC
            subsidiaries amounting to RMB7,077,285,000 (2020: RMB5,680,490,000) as the Group is able to control the
            timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that the temporary differences will not
            reverse in the foreseeable future.

      32. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
                                                                                                2021                  2020
                                                                                             RMB’000               RMB’000
            Assets:
            Foreign exchange forward contracts                                                        -                 682
            Warrants                                                                                  -                  49

                                                                                                      -                 731

            Analysed as:
             Current assets                                                                           -                  49
             Non-current assets                                                                       -                 682

                                                                                                      -                 731

            Liabilities:
            Foreign exchange forward contracts                                                   (9,332)                   -
            Derivative under hedging accounting
             - Cash flow hedges - interest rate swaps                                            (1,959)              (5,888)

                                                                                               (11,291)               (5,888)
            Analysed as:
             Non-current liabilities                                                           (11,291)               (5,888)


215   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                          (CONTINUED)
                                                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




32. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
   Foreign exchange forward contracts

   The Group uses foreign exchange forward contracts to minimise its exposure to exchange rate change on its
   bank borrowings. The foreign exchange forward contracts and the corresponding bank borrowings have the
   same principal amounts and maturity dates. Major terms of the foreign exchange forward contracts as at 31
   December 2021 and 2020 are set out below:

   At 31 December 2021 and 2020

   Notional amount                     Maturity date                           Exchange rate range agreed

   US$40,000,000                       23 March 2023                             US$1:RMB6.69 to RMB7.40
   US$5,000,000                        23 March 2022                             US$1:RMB6.69 to RMB7.40
   US$5,000,000                      21 September 2022                           US$1:RMB6.69 to RMB7.40


   During the year ended 31 December 2021, the fair value loss of approximately RMB10,014,000 (2020:
   RMB26,740,000) has been recognised in “other gains and losses” line item (see note 7).

   During the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group recognised a gain of approximately RMB13,634,000 at
   the maturity of the foreign exchange forward contract.

   Warrants

   As set out in note 30, the Group acquired warrants issued by a company listed on LSE on 29 January 2019,
   which are classified as a derivative financial instrument as at 31 December 2021 and 2020.

   The fair value of the derivative financial instrument as at 31 December 2021 was approximately nil (2020:
   GBP7,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB49,000)) which is determined by Vigers Appraisal & Consulting
   Limited, a professional independent valuer, based on the Binomial Model.

   The inputs used for the calculation of fair value of the derivative financial instrument are as follows:

                                                                            31 December           31 December
                                                                                   2020                  2021

   Share price                                                                GBP0.265*              GBP0.183
   Exercise price                                                               GBP10*                  GBP10
   Expected volatility                                                            120%                     28%
   Expected option life                                                        1.2 years              0.2 years
   Expected dividend yield                                                           0%                     0%
   Risk-free rate                                                                    0%               -0.197%

   *	The terms of warrants have been changed during the year ended 31 December 2020 as a result of the share
     consolidation of the company listed on LSE.



                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED       216
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




      32. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
            Warrants - continued

            The expected volatility adopted were based on average annualised standard deviations of the continuously
            compounded rates of return of the share price of Midatech as of the valuation date. The fair value calculated
            for the warrants is inherently subjective due to the assumptions made and the limitations of the model utilised.

            The movement of the warrant is shown as follows:

                                                                                                                 RMB’000

            At 1 January 2020                                                                                           770
            Charge to profit or loss                                                                                   (721)
            At 31 December 2020                                                                                          49
            Charge to profit or loss                                                                                    (49)
            At 31 December 2021                                                                                           -


            Interest rate swaps

            The Group uses interest rate swaps to minimise its exposure to interest rate movements on its variable-rate
            bank borrowings. The interest rate swaps and the corresponding bank borrowings have the same terms, such
            as principal amounts, interest rate spread, start dates, repayment data, maturity and counterparties, and the
            directors of the Company consider that the interest rate swaps are highly effective hedging instruments. Major
            terms of the interest rate swaps as at 31 December 2021 and 2020 are set out below:

            At 31 December 2021
             Notional amount   Carrying amount     Contract date      Maturity date        Receive              Pay
                  (Note)

            US$50,000,000         RMB1,838,000     27 March 2020      24 March 2023      LIBOR + 0.7%          1.74%
            US$40,000,000          RMB121,000      27 March 2020      27 March 2023     LIBOR + 1.25%          1.89%

            At 31 December 2020
             Notional amount   Carrying amount     Contract date      Maturity date        Receive              Pay
                  (Note)

            US$50,000,000         RMB3,452,000     27 March 2020      24 March 2023     LIBOR + 1.30%          1.95%
            US$40,000,000         RMB2,436,000     27 March 2020      27 March 2023     LIBOR + 1.25%          1.89%


            Note:	The notional amount will be expired on 24 March 2023 and 27 March 2023 (2020: 24 March 2023 and
                  27 March 2023), which are the same as corresponding bank borrowings.

            The fair values of interest rate swaps are measured at the present value of future cash flows estimated and
            discounted based on the applicable yield curves derived from quoted interest rates. All of the above interest
            rate swaps are designated and effective as cash flow hedges. During the year ended 31 December 2021,
            the fair value gain of approximately RMB3,929,000 (2020: fair value loss of approximately RMB5,746,000),
            income tax of approximately RMB731,000 (2020: RMB948,000), resulting in a net amount of approximately
            RMB3,198,000 (2020: RMB4,798,000) have been recognised in other comprehensive income and
            accumulated in equity and are expected to be released to profit or loss at various dates during the lives of the
            swaps when the hedged interest expense is recognised in profit or loss.




217   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                (CONTINUED)
                                                                     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




33. SHARE CAPITAL
                                                                            Number of
                                                                               shares               Amount
                                                                                 ’000              RMB’000
   Ordinary shares of US$0.005 each
   Authorised
   At 1 January 2020, 31 December 2020 and
    31 December 2021                                                      20,000,000                765,218

   Issued and fully paid
   At 1 January 2020                                                          2,480,409                84,963
   Shares repurchased and cancelled (Note)                                        (9,648)                (329)

   At 31 December 2020                                                        2,470,761                84,634
   Shares repurchased and cancelled (Note)                                       (13,317)                (457)

   At 31 December 2021                                                        2,457,444                84,177


   Note: During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Company repurchased its own ordinary shares through
         The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited as follows:


                                No. of ordinary
   Month of                       shares of               Price per share                    Aggregated
   repurchase                   US$0.005 each            Highest Lowest                   consideration paid
                                                           HK$       HK$                         HK$

   August 2021                        2,190,000            15.62      14.60                      32,748,420
   September 2021                     4,435,000            15.10      14.04                      65,378,180
   November 2021                      6,692,000            13.18      12.48                      85,472,060

   Total                             13,317,000                                                 183,598,660




                                                                   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         218
                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




      33. SHARE CAPITAL - continued
            During the year ended 31 December 2020, the Company repurchased its own ordinary shares through The
            Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited as follows:

            Date of                         No. of ordinary                 Price per share               Aggregated
            repurchase                 shares of US$0.005 each             Highest Lowest             consideration paid
                                                                             HK$       HK$                    HK$

            11 February 2020                             9,648,000             10.30     10.04                 98,164,100

            The above ordinary shares were cancelled upon repurchase.

            Save as disclosed above, none of the Company’s subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the
            Company’s listed securities during the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020.


      34. RESERVES
            Capital reserve

            Capital reserve resulted from transactions between the Group and its shareholders. It mainly represents
            equity shares of Shenzhen Kangzhe granted by Mr. Lam Kong, a director and former shareholder of Shenzhen
            Kangzhe, to certain employees for their services rendered in prior year, rights granted by Mr. Lam Kong to
            certain employees to receive cash at a pre-determined formula for their services rendered in prior year, waiver
            of an advance to the Company by Mr. Lam Kong in 2006, discount on acquisitions of additional interest in
            subsidiaries from Mr. Lam Kong in 2004 and 2005, the difference between the transfer of the entire interest in
            Shenzhen Kangzhe to Sino Talent Limited (“Sino Talent”) pursuant to the group restructuring in 2005 and the
            nominal value of Shenzhen Kangzhe’s share capital, and difference between the par value of shares issued
            by the Company for the entire interest in CMS International Limited (“CMS International”) and Healthlink
            Consultancy Inc. (“Healthlink”) pursuant to the group reorganisation in 2006 and the nominal value of the issued
            share capital of CMS International and Healthlink in preparation for the listing of the Company’s shares. The
            balance was reduced by the capitalisation issue in 2007. The equity shares and rights granted by Mr. Lam
            Kong to certain employees had been terminated on or before 2006.

            On 19 April 2010, the Group acquired an additional interest in Sky United. An amount of approximately
            RMB15,026,000, representing the excess of the fair value of the new ordinary shares issued by the Company
            over the decrease in the carrying value of the non-controlling interest is charged to capital reserve.

            During the year ended 31 December 2010, a deemed distribution to a shareholder was charged to capital
            reserve in respect of expenses incurred for a shareholder during the initial public offering exercise by the
            Company.




219   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   (CONTINUED)
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




34. RESERVES - continued
   Surplus reserve fund

   Articles of Association of the Group’s subsidiaries established in the PRC require the appropriation of certain
   percentage of their profit after taxation each year to the surplus reserve fund until the balance reaches 50%
   of the registered capital of the relevant subsidiaries. In normal circumstances, the surplus reserve fund shall
   only be used for making up losses, capitalisation into registered capital and expansion of the subsidiaries’
   production and operation. For the capitalisation of surplus reserve fund into registered capital, the remaining
   amount of such reserve shall not be less than 25% of the registered capital.


35. CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT
   The Group manages its capital to ensure that the group entities will be able to continue as a going concern
   while maximising the return to stakeholders through the optimisation of the debt and equity balance. The
   Group’s overall strategy remains unchanged from prior year. The capital structure of the Group consists of cash
   and cash equivalents, bank borrowings, obligation arising from put options and equity attributable to owners of
   the Company, comprising issued share capital and reserves including accumulated profits.

   The directors of the Company review the capital structure on a regular basis. As part of this review,
   the directors consider the cost of capital and the risks associated with each class of capital. Based on
   recommendations of the directors, the Group will balance its overall capital structure through the payment of
   dividends, new share issues and share buy-backs.


36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
    Categories of financial instruments
                                                                                     2021                 2020
                                                                                  RMB’000              RMB’000
    Financial assets
    Derivative financial instruments
     - foreign exchange forward contracts                                                -                  682
     - warrants                                                                          -                   49
    Financial assets at amortised cost                                           5,758,531            4,473,943
    Equity instruments at FVTOCI                                                   400,471              415,585
    Financial assets at FVTPL                                                      977,874                3,884

    Financial liabilities
    At amortised cost                                                            (2,277,911)            (965,911)
    Derivative financial instruments
     - foreign exchange forward contracts                                            (9,332)                    -
    Derivative instruments under hedge accounting
     (cash flow hedges-interest rate swaps)                                          (1,959)              (5,888)




                                                                        CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        220
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




      36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
            Financial risk management objectives and policies

            The Group’s major financial instruments include financial assets at FVTPL, equity instruments at FVTOCI,
            trade and other receivables, loan receivable, amount due from an associate, derivative financial instruments,
            bank balances and cash, trade and other payables, lease liabilities, bank borrowings, deferred consideration
            payables and obligation arising from put options. Details of these financial instruments are disclosed in the
            respective notes. The risks associated with these financial instruments include market risk (interest rate
            risk, foreign currency risk and other price risk), credit risk, liquidity risk and risks arising from the interest rate
            benchmark reform. The policies on how to mitigate these risks are set out below. The management manages
            and monitors these exposures to ensure appropriate measures are implemented on a timely and effective
            manner.

            Market risk

            Interest rate risk management

            The Group is exposed to fair value interest rate risk in relation to fixed-rate bank borrowings (see note 29), lease
            liabilities (see note 27) and obligation arising from put options (see note 42(a)). The Group is also exposed
            to cash flow interest rate risk in relation to variable-rate bank balances (see note 25) and variable-rate bank
            borrowings (see note 29). The Group’s cash flow interest rate risk is mainly concentrated on the fluctuation of
            interest rates at HIBOR and LIBOR arising from the Group’s US$ denominated borrowings. The Group aims at
            keeping borrowings at fixed rates. In order to achieve this result, the Group entered into interest rate swaps to
            hedge against its exposures to changes in cash flow of the LIBOR bank borrowings. The critical terms of these
            interest rate swaps are similar to those of hedged borrowings. These interest rates swaps are designated as
            effective hedging instruments and hedge accounting is used (see note 32).

            A fundamental reform of major interest rate benchmarks is being undertaken globally, including the replacement
            of some interbank offered rates (“IBORs”) with alternative nearly risk-free rates. Details of the impacts on the
            Group’s risk management strategy arising from the interest rate benchmark reform and the progress towards
            implementation of alternative benchmark interest rates are set out under “interest rate benchmark reform” in
            this note.

            Interest income of RMB81,853,000 was earned (2020: RMB61,031,000) from financial assets that are
            measured at amortised cost (including cash and cash equivalents) for the year ended 31 December 2021.

            Interest expense of RMB28,270,000 was incurred (2020: RMB27,520,000) on financial liabilities not measured
            at fair value through profit or loss that are measured at amortised cost for the year ended 31 December 2021.

            Sensitivity analysis

            The directors of the Company consider that the interest rate risk in relation to bank balances is not significant as
            the fluctuation of the interest rates on bank balances is minimal and therefore, bank balances are not included
            in the sensitivity analysis.

221   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    (CONTINUED)
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
   Financial risk management objectives and policies - continued

   Market risk - continued

   Sensitivity analysis - continued

   The sensitivity analyses below have been determined based on the exposure to interest rates in relation to
   HIBOR bank borrowings at the end of the reporting period. The analysis is prepared assuming the financial
   instruments outstanding at the end of the reporting period were outstanding for the whole year. A 50 basis
   point (2020: N/A) increase or decrease in variable-rate bank borrowings are used when reporting interest rate
   risk internally to key management personnel and represents management’s assessment of the reasonably
   possible change in interest rates.

   If interest rates had been 50 basis points (2020: nil basis points) higher/lower and all other variables were
   held constant, the Group’s post-tax profit for the year ended 31 December 2021 would decrease/increase by
   RMB4,139,000 (2020: N/A). This is mainly attributable to the Group’s exposure to interest rates on its HIBOR
   bank borrowings.

   Foreign currency risk management

   Some subsidiaries of the Company have foreign currency purchases, which expose the Group to foreign
   currency risk. Approximately 44% (2020: 44%) of the Group’s purchases are denominated in currencies
   other than the functional currencies of the group entities making the purchase. All sales of the Group are
   denominated in functional currency of the group entities making the sale. Management conducts periodic
   review of exposure and settlements of various currencies, and will consider hedging significant foreign currency
   exposures should the need arise.

   The carrying amounts of the Group’s foreign currency denominated monetary assets (representing financial
   assets at FVTPL, trade and other receivables, loan receivable and bank balances and cash) and monetary
   liabilities (representing trade and other payables, deferred consideration payables and bank borrowings) at the
   reporting date are as follows:

                                              Assets                                  Liabilities
                                            2021                 2020                 2021                 2020
                                         RMB’000              RMB’000              RMB’000              RMB’000

   US$                                    519,361               14,295              578,364              590,140
   EUR                                     19,167                8,459               30,781                6,171
   GBP                                      8,827                3,180                    -                1,929
   HK$                                     26,007               14,806            1,103,760                    -
   CHF                                      3,803                1,557                    -                    -




                                                                         CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        222
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




      36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
            Financial risk management objectives and policies - continued

            Market risk - continued

            Foreign currency risk management - continued

            The Group is mainly exposed to currency risk of the US$, EUR, GBP, HK$ and CHF. The following table details
            the Group’s sensitivity to a 5% (2020: 5%) increase and decrease in the functional currencies of the relevant
            group entities against the relevant foreign currencies. The sensitivity analysis includes only outstanding foreign
            currency denominated monetary items and adjusts their translation at the end of the reporting period for a
            5% (2020: 5%) change in foreign currency rates. The sensitivity analysis includes financial assets at FVTPL,
            derivative financial instruments, loan receivable, bank balances, trade and other payables, bank borrowings
            and deferred consideration payables of which the foreign currency exposures are not hedged with hedging
            instruments. A positive/negative number below indicates an increase/decrease in post-tax profit for the year
            where the functional currencies of the relevant group entities strengthen 5% (2020: 5%) against the relevant
            foreign currencies. If there is a 5% (2020: 5%) weakening in functional currencies of the relevant group entities
            against the relevant foreign currencies, there would be an equal and opposite impact on the profit for the year:

                                                                                                2021                  2020
                                                                                             RMB’000               RMB’000
            RMB (as functional currency of the
             relevant group entities) against US$                                                2,213               21,594
            RMB (as functional currency of the
             relevant group entities) against EUR                                                  436                   (86)
            RMB (as functional currency of the
             relevant group entities) against GBP                                                  (331)                 (47)
            RMB (as functional currency of the
             relevant group entities) against HK$                                               40,416                  (555)
            RMB (as functional currency of the
             relevant group entities) against CHF                                                  (143)                 (58)


            In management’s opinion, the sensitivity analysis is unrepresentative of the inherent foreign exchange risk as the
            year end exposure at the end of the reporting period does not reflect the exposure during both years.

            Other price risk management

            The Group is exposed to equity price risk through its investments in equity securities. The Group’s equity price
            risk is mainly concentrated on equity instruments operating in pharmaceutical industry sector quoted in the LSE
            and ENV.




223   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                        (CONTINUED)
                                                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
   Financial risk management objectives and policies - continued

   Market risk - continued

   Other price risk management - continued

   Sensitivity analysis

   The following details the Group’s sensitivity to a 10% (2020:10%) increase and decrease in the quoted market
   price of the equity securities. 10% (2020: 10%) is the sensitivity rate used when reporting other price risk
   internally to key management personnel and represents management’s assessment of the reasonably possible
   change in the quoted market price of the equity securities measured at FVTOCI. If there is a 10% (2020:10%)
   higher/lower in the quoted market price of the equity securities, the other comprehensive income would be
   increased/decreased by RMB6,357,000 (2020: RMB3,324,000).

   The management considers that the other price risk in respect of financial asset at FVTPL is minimal due to the
   insignificant balance as at 31 December 2021 and 2020.

   Credit risk and impairment assessment

   Credit risk refers to the risk that the Group’s counterparties default on their contractual obligations resulting in
   financial losses to the Group. The Group’s credit risk exposures are primarily attributable to trade and other
   receivables, bank balances and amount due from an associate. The Group does not hold any collateral or
   other credit enhancements to cover its credit risks associated with its financial assets.

   In order to minimise the credit risk, management of the Group has delegated a team responsible for
   determination of credit limits and credit approvals. Before accepting any new customer, the Group assess
   the potential customer’s credit quality and defines credit limits by customer. Limits attributed to customers
   are reviewed once a year. Other monitoring procedures are in place to ensure that follow-up action is taken
   to recover overdue debts. In this regard, the directors of the Company consider that the Group’s credit risk
   is significantly reduced. In addition, the Group performs impairment assessment under ECL model on trade
   balances individually or based on provision matrix based on share credit risk characteristics by reference to
   repayment history for recurring customers and current past due exposure for the new customers.

   Except for the derivative financial instruments, financial assets at FVTPL and equity instruments at FVTOCI, the
   Group performed impairment assessment for financial assets and other items under ECL model.

   Trade receivables arising from contracts with customers

   Before accepting any new customer, the Group uses an internal credit scoring system to assess the potential
   customer’s credit quality and defines credit limits by customer. Limits and scoring attributed to customers
   are reviewed every year. Other monitoring procedures are in place to ensure that follow-up action is taken to
   recover overdue debts. The Group only accepts bills issued or guaranteed by reputable PRC banks, if trade
   receivables are settled by bills and therefore the management of the Group considers the credit risk arising from
   the endorsed or discounted bills is insignificant.

                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          224
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




      36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
            Financial risk management objectives and policies - continued

            Credit risk and impairment assessment - continued

            Trade receivables arising from contracts with customers - continued

            The Group’s concentration of credit risk by geographical locations is mainly in the PRC, which almost
            accounted for 100% (2020: 100%) of the total trade receivables as at 31 December 2021. In order to minimise
            the credit risk, the management of the Group has delegated a team responsible for determination of credit
            limits and credit approvals.

            In addition, the Group performs impairment assessment under ECL model on trade balances individually
            or based on provision matrix. Except for credit-impaired trade receivables, the remaining trade receivables
            are grouped under a provision matrix based on shared credit risk characteristics by reference to repayment
            histories for recurring customers and current past due exposure for new customers and forward looking
            information. Impairment of RMB381,000 (2020: nil) is recognised for the year ended 31 December 2021.
            Details of the quantitative disclosures are set out below in this note.

            Bank balances

            Credit risk on bank balances is limited because the counterparties are reputable banks with high credit ratings
            assigned by international credit agencies. The Group assessed 12m ECL for bank balances by reference
            to information relating to probability of default and loss given default of the respective credit rating grades
            published by external credit rating agencies. Based on this, the 12m ECL on bank balances is considered to
            be insignificant.

            Amount due from an associate

            The Group regularly monitors the business performance of the associate. The Group’s credit risk in this
            balance is mitigated through the value of the assets held by this entity and the power to participate in the
            financial and operating policy decision of this entity. The Group assessed the loss allowance for trade related
            balance with the associate on lifetime ECL basis and non-trade related balance with the associate on 12m ECL
            basis. The Group performs impairment assessment under ECL model on this trade balance individually and
            the directors of the Company believe that there are no significant increases in credit risk at the reporting date
            of these amounts and the trade receivables due from the associate have been subsequently settled. For the
            years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020, the Group assessed the ECL for amount due from an associate to
            be insignificant and thus no loss allowance was recognised.




225   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                      (CONTINUED)
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
   Financial risk management objectives and policies - continued

   Credit risk and impairment assessment - continued

   Other receivables and deposits

   For other receivables and deposits, the directors of the Company make periodic individual assessment on the
   recoverability of other receivables and deposits based on historical settlement records, past experience, and
   also quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable and forward-looking information
   available without undue costs or effort. The directors of the Company believe that there are no significant
   increase in credit risk at the reporting date of these amounts and most of the other receivables have been
   subsequently settled. For the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020, the Group assessed the ECL for
   other receivables and deposits to be insignificant and thus no loss allowance for credit losses was recognised.

   Loan receivable

   For loan receivable, the directors of the Company estimate the estimated loss rates of loan receivables based
   on historical credit loss experience of the debtors as well as the fair value of the collateral pledged by the
   customers to the loan receivables. Based on assessment by the management, the loss given default is low in
   view of the estimated realised amount of ultimate disposal of the collaterals and the management considers the
   ECL for loan receivables is insignificant and therefore no loss allowance was recognised for the year ended 31
   December 2021.

   The Group’s internal credit risk scoring assessment comprises the following categories:

   Internal                                                                                   Other
   credit rating      Description                                           Trade receivables financial assets


   Normal risk        The counterparty has either a low risk of default    Lifetime ECL -        12m ECL
                      and does not have any past-due amounts or            not credit-impaired
                      frequently settles after due dates but usually
                      settle in full

   Doubtful           There have been significant increases in credit      Lifetime ECL -        Lifetime ECL -
                      risk since initial recognition through information   not credit-impaired   not credit-impaired
                      developed internally or external resources


   Loss               There is evidence indicating the asset is credit-    Lifetime ECL -        Lifetime ECL -
                      impaired                                             credit-impaired       credit-impaired

   Write-off          There is evidence indicating that the debtor is in   Amount is written off Amount is written off
                      severe financial difficulty and the Group has no
                      realistic prospect of recovery




                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         226
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




      36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
            Financial risk management objectives and policies - continued

            Credit risk and impairment assessment - continued

            The tables below detail the credit risk exposures of the Group’s financial assets, which are subject to ECL
            assessment:

                                                            Internal
                                                             credit           12m or                  2021                  2020
                                                      Notes rating        lifetime ECL        Gross carrying amount Gross carrying amount
                                                                                               RMB’000     RMB’000   RMB’000     RMB’000

            Financial assets at amortised cost

            Trade receivables                          22    Note 1       Lifetime ECL -
                                                                         Provision matrix      1,399,321               1,051,099
                                                              Loss       Credit-impaired           6,001   1,405,322       5,077   1,056,176

            Bills receivables (Note 2)                 22    Low risk       12m ECL              453,350                445,998

            Amount due from an
             associate (Notes 2 and 3)                 24    Low risk       12m ECL               30,000                 30,000

                                                                          Lifetime ECL -
                                                                        Not credit-impaired      320,036    350,036     207,271     237,271

            Bank balances (Note 2)                     25    Low risk       12m ECL            3,385,739               2,668,426

            Other receivables and deposits (Note 2)    22    Low risk       12m ECL              141,738                 74,300

            Loan receivable (Note 2)                         Low risk       12m ECL               31,879                       -



            Notes:

            (1)	For trade receivables, the Group has applied the simplified approach in IFRS 9 to measure the loss
                 allowance at lifetime ECL. Except for credit-impaired balances, the Group determines the expected
                 credit losses on these items by using a provision matrix, grouped by internal credit rating.

                     Provision matrix - internal credit rating

                     As part of the Group’s credit risk management, the Group applies internal credit rating for its customers.
                     The following table provides information about the exposure to credit risk for trade receivables which
                     are assessed based on provision matrix as at 31 December 2021 and 2020 within lifetime ECL (not
                     credit-impaired). Debtors with credit-impaired with gross carrying amount of RMB6,001,000 as at 31
                     December 2021 (2020: RMB5,077,000) were assessed individually.




227   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                        (CONTINUED)
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
   Financial risk management objectives and policies - continued

   Credit risk and impairment assessment - continued

   Notes: - continued

   (1)    - continued

         Gross carrying amount

                                                          2021                                   2020
                                                    Average               Trade            Average             Trade
          Internal credit rating                   loss rate        receivables           loss rate      receivables
                                                                      RMB’000                              RMB’000

          Normal risk                                 0.1%           1,313,638               0.2%         1,030,013
          Doubtful                                    2.0%              85,683               2.8%            21,086

                                                                     1,399,321                            1,051,099


         The estimated loss rates are estimated based on historical observed default rates over the expected life
         of the debtors and are adjusted for forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or
         effort. The grouping is regularly reviewed by management to ensure relevant information about specific
         debtors is updated.

         During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group provided RMB381,000 (2020: nil) impairment
         allowance for trade receivables based on provision matrix. Impairment allowance of RMB924,000 (2020:
         nil) were made on credit-impaired debtors.

         The following table shows the movement in lifetime ECL that has been recognised for trade receivables
         under the simplified approach.

                                                         Lifetime ECL             Lifetime ECL
                                                           (not credit-                 (credit-
                                                            impaired)                impaired)               Total
                                                              RMB’000                  RMB’000             RMB’000
          As at 1 January 2020                                     3,151                 5,185                8,336
          Write-offs                                                   -                  (108)                (108)

          As at 31 December 2020                                   3,151                 5,077                8,228
          Impairment losses recognised                               381                   924                1,305

          As at 31 December 2021                                   3,532                 6,001                9,533




                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED       228
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




      36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
            Financial risk management objectives and policies - continued

            Credit risk and impairment assessment - continued

            Notes: - continued

            (1)     - continued

                   Gross carrying amount - continued

                   The Group writes off a trade receivable when there is information indicating that the debtor is in severe
                   financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, e.g. when the debtor has been placed
                   under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings, or when the trade receivables are over
                   three years past due, whichever occurs earlier. The Group has taken legal action against the debtors to
                   recover the amount due.

            (2)	The Group assessed the loss allowance for bills receivables, other receivables, bank balances, amount
                 due from an associate and loan receivable in relation to deposit for exclusive distribution right on
                 12m ECL basis. In determining the ECL of the bank balances, the Group has taken into account the
                 counterparties are reputable banks with high credit ratings assigned by international credit agencies
                 and forward looking information as appropriate. The Group assessed 12m ECL for bank balances
                 by reference to information relating to probability of default and loss given default of the respective
                 credit rating grades published by external credit rating agencies and the management considers that
                 the expected credit loss on the bank balances is immaterial. In determining the ECL other than the
                 bank balances, the Group has taken into account the historical default experience and forward looking
                 information as appropriate, including changes in growth rate of gross domestic product of the PRC.
                 There had been no significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. The Group has considered
                 the consistently low historical default rate in connection with payments and concluded that the expected
                 credit loss on these balances is immaterial.

            (3)	The Group assessed the loss allowance for amount due from an associate with trade nature on lifetime
                 ECL basis. In determining the ECL, the Group has taken into account the value of the assets held by
                 this entity and the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decision of this entity. There
                 had been no significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. No additional impairment loss on
                 trade balances has been provided during the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020 and the entire
                 balance has been subsequently settled.




229   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                         (CONTINUED)
                                                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
   Financial risk management objectives and policies - continued

   Liquidity risk

   In the management of the liquidity risk, the Group monitors and maintains a level of cash and cash equivalents
   deemed adequate by the management to finance the Group’s operations and mitigate the effects of fluctuations
   in cash flows. The management of the Group monitors the utilisation of bank borrowings and ensures
   compliance with loan covenants.

   The Group relies on bank borrowings as a significant source of liquidity. As at 31 December 2021, the Group
   has available unutilised banking facilities of approximately RMB500,000,000 (2020: RMB1,478,227,000)
   respectively. Details of which are set out in note 29.

   The following table details the Group’s remaining contractual maturity for its financial liabilities and derivative
   instruments. The table has been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities based
   on the earliest date on which the Group can be required to pay. The maturity dates for non-derivative financial
   liabilities are based on the agreed repayment dates.

   The table includes both interest and principal cash flows. To the extent that interest flows are floating rate, the
   undiscounted amount is derived from current interest rate at the end of the reporting period.

   In addition, the following table details the Group’s liquidity analysis for its derivative financial instruments, The
   tables have been drawn up based on the undiscounted contractual net cash (inflows) and outflows on derivative
   instruments that settle on a net basis. The liquidity analysis for the Group’s derivative financial instruments
   are prepared based on the contractual settlement dates as the management of the Group considers that the
   settlement dates are essential for an understanding of the timing of the cash flows of derivatives.


                                          Weighted     Repayable on                         Total         Carrying
                                          average       demand or                       undiscounted     amount at
                                          interest       less than        1 to 5            cash        31 December
                                            rate           1 year         years             flows           2021
                                             %           RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000
   As at 31 December 2021
   Non-derivative financial liabilities
   Trade and other payables                        -         445,189               -          445,189          445,189
   Deferred consideration payables             10.00           2,000           1,000            3,000            2,736
   Variable-rate bank borrowings                1.15       1,116,496         582,101        1,698,597        1,677,573
   Obligation arising from put options          8.00               -         175,133          175,133          152,413
   Lease liabilities                            4.75          17,726          19,543           37,269           34,732

                                                           1,581,411         777,777        2,359,188        2,312,643

   Derivative financial liabilities
   Interest rate swap                                          3,434              635           4,069            1,959
   Foreign exchange forward contracts                          2,524            6,808           9,332            9,332

                                                               5,958            7,443          13,401           11,291




                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           230
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




      36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
            Financial risk management objectives and policies - continued

            Liquidity risk - continued

                                                    Weighted     Repayable on                        Total          Carrying
                                                    average       demand or                      undiscounted      amount at
                                                    interest       less than       1 to 5            cash         31 December
                                                      rate           1 year        years             flows            2020
                                                       %           RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000
            As at 31 December 2020
            Non-derivative financial liabilities
            Trade and other payables                         -        374,244                -         374,244          374,244
            Deferred consideration payables               5.43          2,929            2,000           4,929            4,416
            Fixed rate bank borrowings                    5.23             10                -              10               10
            Variable-rate bank borrowings                 1.92              -          655,084         655,084          587,241
            Lease liabilities                             4.75          9,272            6,536          15,808           12,906

                                                                      386,455          663,620        1,050,075         978,817

            Derivative financial liabilities
            Interest rate swap                                          2,790            3,487            6,277           5,888

            Interest rate benchmark reform

            As listed in note 29, several of the Group’s HIBOR and LIBOR bank loans will or may be subject to the interest
            rate benchmark reform. The Group is closely monitoring the market and managing the transition to new
            benchmark interest rates, including announcements made by the relevant IBOR regulators.

            LIBOR

            The Financial Conduct Authority has confirmed all LIBOR settings will either cease to be provided by any
            administrator or no longer be representative:

            •     immediately after 31 December 2021, in the case of all sterling, euro, Swiss franc and Japanese yen
                  settings, and the 1-week and 2-month US dollar settings; and
            •     immediately after 30 June 2023, in the case of the remaining US dollar settings.

            HIBOR

            While the Hong Kong Dollar Overnight Index Average (“HONIA”) has been identified as an alternative to HIBOR,
            there is no plan to discontinue HIBOR. The multi-rate approach has been adopted in Hong Kong, whereby
            HIBOR and HONIA will co-exist.

            (i)     Risks arising from the interest rate benchmark reform

                    The following are the key risks for the Group arising from the transition:

                    Interest rate related risks

                    For contracts which have not been transitioned to the relevant alternative benchmark rates and without
                    detailed fallback clauses, if the bilateral negotiations with the Group’s counterparties are not successfully
                    concluded before the cessation of LIBORs, there are significant uncertainties with regard to the interest
                    rate that would apply. This gives rise to additional interest rate risk that was not anticipated when the
                    contracts were entered into.

231   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                       (CONTINUED)
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
   Interest rate benchmark reform - continued

   HIBOR - continued

   (i)	Risks arising from the interest rate benchmark reform - continued

         Interest rate related risks - continued

         There are fundamental differences between IBORs and the various alternative benchmark rates. IBORs
         are forward looking term rates published for a period (e.g. 3 months) at the beginning of that period and
         include an inter-bank credit spread, whereas alternative benchmark rates are typically risk-free overnight
         rates published at the end of the overnight period with no embedded credit spread. These differences
         will result in additional uncertainty regarding floating rate interest payments.

         Liquidity risk

         The additional uncertainty on various alternative rates which are typically published on overnight basis
         will require additional liquidity management. The Group’s liquidity risk management policy has been
         updated to ensure sufficient liquid resources to accommodate unexpected increases in overnight rates.

         Litigation risk

         If no agreement is reached to implement the interest rate benchmark reform on contracts which have
         not been transitioned to the relevant alternative benchmark rates (e.g. arising from differing interpretation
         of existing fallback terms), there is a risk of prolonged disputes with counterparties which could give rise
         to additional legal and other costs. The Group is working closely with all counterparties to avoid this
         from occurring.

         Interest rate basis risk

         Interest rate basis risk may arise if a non-derivative instrument and the derivative instrument held to
         manage the interest risk on the non-derivative instrument transition to alternative benchmark rates at
         different times. This risk may also arise where back-to-back derivatives transition at different times.
         The Group will monitor this risk against its risk management policy which has been updated to allow for
         temporary mismatches of up to 12 months and transact additional basis interest rate swaps if required.

   (ii)	Progress towards implementation of alternative benchmark interest rates

         As part of the Group’s risk management for transition, new contracts entered into by the Group are
         linked to the relevant alternative benchmark rates or interest rates which are not subject to reform to the
         extent feasible. Otherwise, the Group ensured the relevant contracts include detailed fallback clauses
         clearly referencing the alternative benchmark rate and the specific triggering event on which the clause
         is activated.

         During the year, for a floating rate loan that is linked to HIBOR, the Group had confirmed with the
         relevant counterparty HIBOR will continue to maturity.

                                                                          CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          232
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




      36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
            Interest rate benchmark reform - continued

            HIBOR - continued

            (ii)	Progress towards implementation of alternative benchmark interest rates - continued

                  The Group has no plan to transition the majority of its remaining LIBOR-linked contracts through
                  introduction of, or amendments to, fallback clauses into the contracts which will change the basis for
                  determining the interest cash flows from LIBOR to alternative reference rate at an agreed point in time.

                  The following table shows the total amounts of outstanding contracts and the progress in completing
                  the transition to alternative benchmark rates as at 31 December 2021. The amounts of liabilities are
                  shown at their carrying amounts and derivatives are shown at their notional amounts.

                                                                     Carrying                                     Transition
                    Financial                                        amounts/                                   progress for
                    instruments                                       notional            Hedge                    financial
                    prior to transition          Maturing in         amounts            accounting              instruments
                                                                     RMB$'000
                    Bank loans linked to           24 March            318,785       Designated in          LIBOR will continue
                     LIBOR                            2023                           cash flow hedge        till maturity

                    Bank loans linked to           27 March            255,028       Designated in          LIBOR will continue
                     LIBOR                           2023                            cash flow hedge        till maturity

                    Bank loans linked to         28 April 2022         490,560       N/A                    HIBOR will continue
                     HIBOR                                                                                  till maturity

                    Bank loans linked to         7 September           613,200       N/A                    HIBOR will continue
                     HIBOR                          2022                                                    till maturity

            Fair value measurements of financial instruments

            (i)   Fair value of the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis

                  Some of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities are measured at fair value at the end of each
                  reporting period. The following table gives information about how the fair values of these financial assets
                  and financial liabilities are determined (in particular, the valuation technique(s) and inputs used) as well as
                  the level of the fair value hierarchy into which the fair value measurements are categorised (Levels 1 to 3)
                  based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements is observable.

                  Level 1 fair value measurements are those derived from quoted prices (unadjusted) in active market for
                  identical assets or liabilities at measurement date;

                  Level 2 fair value measurements are those derived from inputs other than quoted prices included within
                  Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived
                  from prices); and

                  Level 3 fair value measurements are those derived from valuation techniques that include inputs for the
                  asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).


233   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                     (CONTINUED)
                                                                                       FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
   Fair value measurements of financial instruments - continued

   (i)   Fair value of the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis -
         continued

                                                                                           Valuation                Significant
          Financial                                                      Fair value      technique(s)              unobservable
          assets/liabilities              Fair value as at               hierarchy      and key input(s)              inputs
                                   31/12/2021         31/12/2020

          1) Interest rate        Liabilities -       Liabilities -       Level 2     Discounted cash flow.              Nil
             swaps classified    RMB1,959,000        RMB5,888,000                     Future cash flows are
             as derivative                                                            estimated based on
             financial                                                                forward interest rates
             instruments                                                              (from observable yield
                                                                                      curves at the end of
                                                                                      the reporting period)
                                                                                      and contracted interest
                                                                                      rates, discounted at a
                                                                                      rate that reflects the
                                                                                      credit risk of various
                                                                                      counterparties.


          2)	Foreign              Liabilities -        Assets -           Level 2     Discounted cash                    Nil
             exchange            RMB9,332,000         RMB682,000                      flow. Future cash
             forward                                                                  flows are estimated
             contracts                                                                based on forward
             classified as                                                            exchange rate and
             derivative                                                               contracted exchange
             financial                                                                rate, discounted at a
             instruments                                                              rate that reflects the
                                                                                      credit risk of various
                                                                                      counterparties.

          3)	Equity                Listed equity       Listed equity      Level 1     Quoted bid prices in               Nil
             instruments at      securities on the   securities on the                an active market.
             FVTOCI - listed      LSE and ENV -            LSE -
             equity securities   RMB63,569,000       RMB33,244,000

          4)	Equity               Assets -       Assets -                 Level 2     Recent Transaction                 Nil
             instruments at    RMB292,264,000 RMB283,445,000                          method, quoted bid
             FVTOCI - unlisted                                                        prices in an inactive
             equity securities                                                        market


          5)	Equity               Unlisted equity     Unlisted equity     Level 3     Market return method,     Market return method
             instruments at       investments -       investments -                   take the return on a      take the return on a
             FVTOCI - unlisted   RMB44,638,000       RMB98,896,000                    listed of comparable      listed of comparable
             equity securities                                                        indices                   indices since the
                                                                                                                venture nature of
                                                                                                                the investment
                                                                                                                provide more relevent
                                                                                                                comparison.
                                                                                                                (Note c)

          6)	Financial asset       Assets -                 Nil           Level 1     Quoted bid prices in               Nil
             at FVTPL - listed    RMB610,000                                          an active market.
             equity securities


          7)	Financial asset at  Assets -                   Nil           Level 2     Recent Transaction                 Nil
             FVTPL - unlisted RMB338,132,000                                          method, quoted bid
             equity securities                                                        prices in an inactive
                                                                                      market



                                                                                    CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED               234
                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




      36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
            Fair value measurements of financial instruments - continued

            (i)   Fair value of the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis -
                  continued

                                                                                            Valuation                    Significant
                    Financial                                             Fair value      technique(s)                  unobservable
                    assets/liabilities           Fair value as at         hierarchy      and key input(s)                  inputs
                                           31/12/2021        31/12/2020

                    8)	Financial asset      Assets -        Assets -       Level 3     Market approach            The ratio of market capital
                       at FVTPL -        RMB382,824,000   RMB3,884,000                 by applying market         to net book value from
                       Capital funds                                                   multiples such as the      comparable companies is
                                                                                       ratio of market capital    determined by the mean
                                                                                       to net book value          of comparable companies
                                                                                       from comparable            as at the valuation date
                                                                                       companies.                 (Note a)



                    9)	Financial            Assets -            Nil        Level 3     Current value method Discount for lack of
                       assets at         RMB256,308,000                                                     marketability taking into
                       FVTPL -                                                                              account the external
                       unlisted equity                                                                      valuer’s estimate on
                       securities                                                                           the length of time and
                                                                                                            effort required by the
                                                                                                            management to dispose
                                                                                                            of the equity interest
                                                                                                            which is determined as
                                                                                                            25%;

                                                                                                                  Minority discount
                                                                                                                  estimated by external
                                                                                                                  valuer of 15 percent
                                                                                                                  deduction in value to
                                                                                                                  reflect the minority
                                                                                                                  discount (Note b)



                    10)	Warrant                Nil           Assets -      Level 3     Binomial Model -           Estimation of expected
                        classified as                       RMB49,000                  Binomial Pricing           volatility determined by
                        derivative                                                     Model. Valuation of        reference to the expected
                        financial                                                      the derivative financial   volatility of Midatech (Note
                        instruments -                                                  instruments is based       d)
                        FVTPL                                                          on share price,
                                                                                       exercise price, risk-
                                                                                       free rate, expected
                                                                                       option life, expected
                                                                                       dividend yield and
                                                                                       expected volatility.




235   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                            (CONTINUED)
                                                                                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
   Fair value measurements of financial instruments - continued

   (i)     Fair value of the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis -
           continued

           Sensitivity analysis

           Notes:

           (a)	Financial asset at FVTPL - Capital funds

                    The higher the ratio of market capital to net book value from comparable companies, the higher
                    the fair value of the equity instrument, and vice versa. The higher of the discount for lack of
                    marketability, the lower the fair value of the equity instrument, and vice versa. No sensitivity is
                    presented as the directors of the Company considered that the slight change in relevant inputs
                    would not have a significant impact to the fair values.

           (b)	Financial assets at FVTPL - unlisted equity securities

                    No sensitivity is presented as the directors of the Company considered that the slight change in
                    relevant inputs would not have a significant impact to the fair values.

           (c)	Equity instruments at FVTOCI - unlisted equity securities

                    If the indexes used in the valuation model had been 5% higher/lower while all other variables were
                    held constant, the Group’s fair value of equity instruments as at 31 December 2021 would have
                    increased/decreased by approximately RMB49,000 (2020: RMB351,000).

           (d)      Derivative financial instruments - Warrant

                    If the expected volatility of Midatech had been 5% higher/lower while all other variables were
                    held constant, the Group’s post-tax profit for the year ended 31 December 2021 would have
                    increased/decreased by nil (2020: RMB30,000).

    (ii)   Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements

                                                                                       Derivative
                                                 Equity           Financial             financial
                                            instruments at        assets at           instrument -
                                               FVTOCI              FVTPL                warrant              Total
                                               RMB’000            RMB’000               RMB’000             RMB’000

           As at 1 January 2020                       97,030              2,736                  770            100,536
           Purchases                                   1,866              1,715                    -              3,581
           Total losses
            - in profit or loss                              -                (567)              (721)            (1,288)

           As at 31 December 2020                     98,896              3,884                      49         102,829
           Purchases                                       -            574,714                       -         574,714
           Transfers into level 1 upon
            the equity securities listed
            on ENV                                    (30,607)                   -                     -         (30,607)
           Total gains (losses)
            - in profit or loss                              -           60,534                      (49)        60,485
            - in other comprehensive
                income                                (23,651)                   -                     -         (23,651)

           As at 31 December 2021                     44,638            639,132                        -        683,770


                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         236
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




      36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
            Fair value measurements of financial instruments - continued

            (iii)   Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are not measured at fair
                    value on a recurring basis (but fair value disclosures are required)

                    The directors of the Company consider that the carrying amounts of financial assets and financial
                    liabilities recorded at amortised cost in the consolidated financial statements approximate their fair
                    values.

                    There is no transfer among Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 during both years.

      37. RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING
          ACTIVITIES
            The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities arising from financing activities, including both cash
            and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flows were, or
            future cash flows will be, classified in the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows used in
            financing activities.

                                                                      Deferred                                        Obligation
                                                            Bank    consideration     Dividend           Lease        rising form
                                                        borrowings    payables        payables         liabilities    put options    Total
                                                         RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000     RMB’000
                                                          (note 29)    (note 30)       (note 13)        (note 27)
            At 1 January 2020                              693,909        15,843               -            19,879              -     729,631
            Financing cash flows                            (92,454)       (9,810)      (834,129)          (11,200)             -    (947,593)
            Release on deferred difference on initial
             recognition of financial instruments                 -        (1,929)             -                 -              -        (1,929)
            Dividends declared                                    -              -       834,129                 -              -     834,129
            Finance costs                                    26,109           317              -             1,094              -       27,520
            Net foreign exchange gain                       (40,313)            (5)            -                 -              -      (40,318)
            Commencement of new leases                            -              -             -             3,133              -         3,133

            At 31 December 2020                            587,251         4,416               -            12,906              -     604,573
            Financing cash flows                         1,061,968             -      (1,154,834)          (14,007)             -    (106,873)
            Release on deferred difference on initial
             recognition of financial instruments                -         (1,929)             -                -               -       (1,929)
            Dividends declared                                   -              -      1,154,834                -               -   1,154,834
            Finance costs                                   15,397            249              -            2,211          10,413      28,270
            Net foreign exchange gain                       12,957              -              -                -               -      12,957
            Commencement of new leases                           -              -              -           33,622               -      33,622
            Obligation rising from put options                   -              -              -                -         142,000     142,000

            At 31 December 2021                          1,677,573         2,736                   -       34,732         152,413   1,867,454


      38. capital commitments
                                                                                                                 2021                   2020
                                                                                                              RMB’000                RMB’000
            Capital expenditure in respect of the acquisition of
             below items contracted for but not provided in the
             consolidated financial statements
             - property, plant and equipment                                                                        653                17,399
             - financial assets at FVTPL                                                                        835,502                     -
             - interests in associate                                                                            90,000                     -

237   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   (CONTINUED)
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




39. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
   Balances and transactions between the Company and its subsidiaries, which are related financial parties of the
   Company, have been eliminated on consolidation and are not disclosed in this note. Details of transactions
   between the Group and other related parties are disclosed below, in addition to the transactions and balances
   disclosed elsewhere in the consolidated financial statements.

   (a)	The Group entered into the following transactions with related parties during the year:

          Name of
          related company           Relationship   Nature of transactions             2021                2020
                                                                                   RMB’000             RMB’000

          Tibet Pharmaceutical      Associate      Promotion income                1,046,701            609,021
          Tibet Pharmaceutical      Associate      Service fee                         1,698              1,698
          Tibet Pharmaceutical      Associate      Purchase of goods                   2,718                  -


   (b)	Pursuant to a transfer agreement dated 16 February 2004 (as supplemented by a supplemental
       agreement dated 2 November 2004) and a further agreement dated 16 December 2007 between
       Shenzhen Kangzhe and Kangzhe Pharmaceutical Research and Development (Shenzhen) Limited
       (“Kangzhe R&D”), the Group acquired the production, marketing and sales rights and the related
       patents of CMS024 from Kangzhe R&D, of which 83.23% equity interest is indirectly held by a
       controlling shareholder as at 31 December 2021 and the date of this report. Pursuant to the terms of
       the agreement, as consideration for the transfer of CMS024, Shenzhen Kangzhe paid US$3.1 million
       to Kangzhe R&D as compensation for the actual research and development costs incurred by Kangzhe
       R&D, and further agreed to pay a royalty fee of 13% of the quarterly sales revenue generated by the
       Group after CMS024 is successfully launched. The Group has appointed Kangzhe R&D to carry out
       further research and development related to CMS024, and Kangzhe R&D has undertaken to complete
       all the clinical trials and prepare the documents necessary for and assist the Group in the application
       for a new-drug permit for CMS024. The Group has not paid any fee to Kangzhe R&D during the years
       ended 31 December 2021 and 2020.

   (c)	On 8 May 2015, A&B entered into agreements with Faron Pharmaceuticals, Ltd (“Faron”), to acquire
       15.72% of the shareholding of Faron, assets related to a drug, Traumakine in China (including Hong
       Kong SAR, Macau SAR and Taiwan) (the “Territory”), intellectual properties related to Traumakine from
       the Territory and the right to exchange Traumakine information with Faron.

   	On 19 May 2015, the Group entered into agreements with A&B and/or Faron respectively, to acquire the
     assets related to Traumakine in the Territory (the “Acquisition of Assets”). The consideration for above
     transfer will be further negotiated and agreed between A&B and the Group at a later stage prior to the
     launch of Traumakine in the Territory, the amount would be calculated with reference to the net sales of
     Traumakine in the Territory.

         The Acquisition of Assets was not yet completed up to the date of this report and the Group has not paid
         any consideration to A&B in respect of this acquisition during the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020.




                                                                       CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         238
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




      39. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS - continued
            (d)	On 31 July 2018, the Group entered into an asset transfer and license agreement with Acticor.
                According to the terms of such agreement, the Group acquired all assets (the “Assets of ACT017”)
                related to Acticor’s product ACT017 and any follow-up products developed on the basis of the same
                compound of ACT017 (the “Product of ACT017”) in China (including Hong Kong SAR, Macau SAR
                and Taiwan), Singapore, Philippines, Republic of Korea, Malaysia and other designated Asian countries
                (excluding Japan, India and Western Asia countries) (the “Asia Pacific Territory”) in consideration of an
                upfront payment of EUR50,000 (equivalent to RMB384,000) which has been paid as at 31 December
                2018. Such amount has been included in deposits paid for acquisition of intangible assets (see note
                23) as at 31 December 2021 and 2020. The Assets of ACT017 include without limitation all the know-
                how, intellectual property or the right of application for the intellectual property, necessary regulatory
                approvals, documents, dossiers, data or information exclusive for Asia Pacific Territory and other rights
                as necessarily required to develop, register, manufacture and commercialise the Product of ACT017
                in the Asia Pacific Territory. In addition, the Group also acquired all the necessary licenses related to
                the transaction under this agreement in consideration of (1) a royalty at a fixed rate on the basis of the
                net sales of Product of ACT017 generated in Asia Pacific Territory and (2) lump sum payments with
                varied fixed amount, each payable upon the first achievement of respective net sales stipulated in the
                agreement.

            (e)	On 14 August 2018, the Group entered into an asset transfer and license agreement with Blueberry
                Therapeutics Limited (“Blueberry”), which is one of Group’s unlisted equity investments under note 20(b)
                (iii). According to the terms of such agreement, the Group has acquired all related assets of Blueberry’s
                leading product BB2603 (for the treatment of onychomycosis and tinea pedis) in China (including Hong
                Kong SAR Macau SAR and Taiwan), Republic of Korea and Mongolia (the “Asia Territory”) and the
                Group further acquired access to all related assets of other pipeline products being or to be developed
                subsequently by Blueberry utilizing its unique nanoformulation delivery system in dermatology and other
                fields (such as products used for treating atopic dermatitis and acne, etc., together with the product
                BB2603 as the “Product of BB2603”) in the Asia Territory in consideration of (1) an upfront payment of
                USD600,000 (equivalent to RMB4,090,000), (2) fixed lump sum payments upon the achievement of the
                pre-determined milestones stipulated in the agreement and (3) a royalty at a fixed rate on the basis of
                the net sales of Product of BB2603 in Asia Territory. The aforementioned assets include, among others,
                all the national patents covering the development, commercialization and formulation of the Product of
                BB2603, national trademarks and necessary regulatory approvals in or for the Asia Territory.

                  As the milestone as well as the commercialisation of Product of BB2603 has not yet been achieved as at
                  31 December 2021 and 2020, the Group has only paid the upfront payment of USD600,000 (equivalent
                  to RMB4,090,000) as the consideration for Product of BB2603 during year ended 31 December 2018.
                  Such amount has been included in deposits paid for acquisition of intangible assets (see note 23) as at
                  31 December 2021 and 2020.




239   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                              (CONTINUED)
                                                                     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




39. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS - continued
   (f)	On 20 August 2018, the Group entered into a framework asset transfer agreement with A&B
       relating to the portable neurostimulation devices (the “Product of PoNS”) developed by or for
       Helius Medical Technologies group (“Helius”), which is one of Group’s unlisted equity investments
       under note 20(b)(iii). According to the terms of such agreement, the Group has agreed to acquire
       from A&B all assets related to the Product of PoNS (the “Assets of PoNS”) in the Territory (the
        “Transaction of PoNS”). The Assets were originally purchased by A&B from Helius, in which
        A&B has equity interest. Both the Group and A&B have not agreed on the definitive terms and
        conditions of the Transaction, including the consideration for the transfer of the Assets of PoNS
        under the agreement. The Group and A&B will further negotiate and agree on the terms of the
        Transaction at a later stage prior to the launch of the Product of PoNS in the Territory. As at 31
        December 2021, the Group and A&B has not yet negotiated and agreed on the terms of the
        Transaction of PoNS and the Group has not paid any consideration to A&B in respect of the
        Transaction of PoNS during the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020.

   (g)	On 20 August 2018, the Group entered into a framework asset transfer agreement with A&B
       relating to the pharmaceutical preparation, formulation, dosage form, or delivery vehicle,
       containing or comprising NRL-1 etc. and/or line extensions developed by or for Neurelis, Inc.
       (“Neurelis”) (collectively, the “Product of NRL-1”). Neurelis is one of Group’s unlisted equity
       investments under note 20(b)(iii). According to terms of such agreement, the Group has agreed
       to acquire from A&B all assets related to the Product of NRL-1 (the “Assets of NRL-1”) in the
       Territory (the “Transaction of NRL-1”). A&B obtained the Assets of NRL-1 from its related entity
       which in turn obtained the Assets of NRL-1 from Neurelis. Both the Group and A&B have not
       agreed on the definitive terms and conditions of the Transaction, including the consideration
       for the transfer of the Assets of NRL-1 under the agreement. The Group and A&B will further
       negotiate and agree on the terms of the Transaction of NRL-1 at a later stage prior to the launch
       of the Product of NRL-1 in the Territory. As at 31 December 2021, the Group and A&B have
       not yet negotiated and agreed on the terms of the Transaction of NRL-1 and the Group has not
       paid any consideration to A&B in respect of the Transaction of NRL-1 during the years ended 31
       December 2021 and 2020.

   (h)   On 19 September 2018, the Group entered into license and collaboration agreement with
         VAXIMM AG (“VAXIMM”), which is one of Group’s unlisted equity investments under note 20(b)(iii).
         According to the terms of such agreement, the Group gained exclusive, perpetual, transferable,
         sub-licensable rights to develop and commercialize the current pharmaceutical products portfolio
         and line extension of or under the control of VAXIMM (the current leading product is VXM01) as
         well as designated pharmaceutical products and line extension that will be solely owned and
         under the control of VAXIMM (the “Product of VXM01”) in Asia Pacific Territory in consideration of
         (1) fixed lump sum payments upon the achievement of the pre-determined milestones stipulated
         in the agreement, (2) lump sum payments with varied fixed amount, each payable upon the first
         achievement of respective net sales stipulated in the agreement and (3) a royalty at a fixed rate on
         the basis of the net sales of Product of VXM01 in Asia Pacific Territory.

         As Product of VXM01 has not yet been commercialised, the Group has not paid any
         consideration in relation to Product of VXM01 during years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020.



                                                                 CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          240
                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




      39. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS - continued
            (i)	On 29 January 2019, the Group entered into a license, collaboration and distribution agreement
                 with Midatech. According to the terms of such agreement, the Group will gain exclusive, perpetual,
                 transferable, sub-licensable rights to develop and commercialise Midatech’s current products
                 mainly including MTD201, MTX110 (subject to receipt of consent from Secura Bio) and any new
                 pharmaceutical products or line extension the intellectual property rights and other rights of which
                 Midatech controls and which Midatech or its affiliates have given a codename within three years from
                 29 January 2019 (the “Products”) in China (including Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, Macao
                 Special Administrative Region and Taiwan) and certain Southeast Asian countries selected by the Group
                 (including Singapore, Philippines, Malaysia and other countries, subject to confirmation by the Group
                 once a regulatory approval is granted by the US Food and Drug Administration, the European Medicines
                 Agency or by one of the regulatory authorities in one of the UK, France, Germany or Switzerland).

                  As Products have not yet been commercialised, the Group has not paid any consideration in relation to
                  Products during year ended 31 December 2021 and 2020.

            (j)   During the year ended 31 December 2017, the Group entered into an agreement with Destiny.
                  According to the terms of such agreement, the Group will gain exclusive sub-licensable rights to develop
                  and commercialise Destiny’s current products mainly including XF-73 (the “Products of XF-73”) in Asia
                  Pacific Territory.

                  As Products of XF-73 have not yet been commercialised, the Group has not paid any consideration in
                  relation to Products during year ended 31 December 2021 and 2020.

            (k)	The key management personnel includes solely the directors of the Company and the compensation
                 paid to them as disclosed in note 9.


      40. RETIREMENT BENEFITS SCHEMES
            The employees of the Group’s subsidiary in the PRC are members of the state-managed retirement benefit
            schemes operated by the PRC government. The PRC subsidiaries are required to contribute a certain
            percentage of their payroll to the retirement benefit schemes to fund the benefits. The only obligation of the
            Group with respect to the retirement benefit schemes is to make the required contributions under the schemes.

            The employees employed in Hong Kong are required to join the Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme (the “MPF
            Scheme”). Contributions to the MPF Scheme are made in accordance with the statutory limits prescribed by
            the Mandatory Provident Fund Ordinance of Hong Kong.

            The employees employed in Macau are required to join the Social Security Fund (the “FSS”). Contributions to
            FSS are made in accordance with the statutory limits prescribed by the Social Security System of Macau.




241   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    (CONTINUED)
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




40. RETIREMENT BENEFITS SCHEMES- continued
   The employees employed in Dubai are required to be entitled to gratuity based on the years of services under
   the labour law of United Arab Emirates Ministry of Human Resources and Emiratisation.

   During the year, the total expense recognised in the profit or loss for the above schemes amounted to
   RMB136,722,000 (2020: RMB28,991,000).


41. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT SCHEME
   The 2009 Scheme was adopted by the Board on 31 July 2009 (“Adoption Date”). Unless terminated earlier by
   the Board, the 2009 Scheme shall be valid and effective for a term of 20 years commencing on the Adoption
   Date. Pursuant to the rules of the 2009 Scheme, the Company set up a trust through a trustee (the “Trustee”),
   Fully Profit Management (PTC) Limited, for the purpose of administration the 2009 Scheme. A summary of
   some of the principal terms of the 2009 Scheme is set out in below.

   (a)	The purpose of the 2009 Scheme is to recognise the contributions by certain employees who have
        been actively involved in the business development of the Group and to establish and maintain a
        superannuation fund for the purpose of providing retiring allowances for certain employees (including
        without limitation employees who are also directors) of the Group, and to give incentive in order to retain
        them for the continual operation and development of the Group.

   (b)	Under the 2009 Scheme, the Board of Directors (the “Board”) may, from time to time, at its absolute
       discretion and subject to such terms and conditions as it may think appropriate select an employee
       (the “Member”) who completed 10 years’ services in the Group (subject to consent of the Board if the
       employee completed 5 years’ services in the Group) for participation in the 2009 Scheme for 10 years
       after retirement (the “Payment Year”) (subject to adjustment set out in (d) below).

   (c)   The Company will, on a yearly basis, contribute the sum equal to an amount not less than 0.5%, but
         no more than 3% of its after tax profits shown on the audited consolidated financial statements of the
         Group, or issue such number of shares of the Company to the Trustee in consideration of payment of
         such amount as the Board may determine with reference to the aforesaid contribution as against the then
         market value of the shares of the Company (the “Yearly Contributions”), subject to the Board’s approval.




                                                                        CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         242
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




      41. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT SCHEME - continued
            (d)	The amount payable to the Members depends on the value of the assets held by the Trustee (the
                 “Fund”). If the value of the Fund is less than the aggregate amount of contributions previously made by
                 the Company, the amount payable to the Members and the Payment Year will be adjusted by a factor
                 derived from the value of the Fund and the aggregate amount of contributions previously made by the
                 Company. The only obligation of the Company is to make the Yearly Contributions to the Fund. As
                 such, the 2009 Scheme is classified as defined contribution scheme.

            On 22 December 2016, the Board has resolved to adopt two new employee incentive schemes, with details as
            follows:

            (a)	The Bonus Scheme

                  i.	This scheme is for the purpose of providing discretionary cash bonuses to selected employees of
                       the Group to recognise their contribution to the Group.
                  ii.	This scheme is open to the employees employed by the Group, except for the directors of the
                       Company.

            (b)   The New KEB Scheme

                  i.	The New KEB Scheme will replace the 2009 Scheme and shall comprise terms which are
                       substantially similar to the 2009 Scheme.
                  ii.	The subsisting rights of all participants under 2009 Scheme will be rolled over to the New KEB
                       Scheme.

            For the purposes of effecting the merger and facilitating the administration of the Bonus Scheme and the
            New KEB Scheme, the Company has resolved to set up a new trust comprising the Bonus Scheme and KEB
            Scheme (collectively referred to as the “Master Scheme”). Unless terminated earlier by the Board, the Master
            Scheme shall be valid and effective until the later of the termination of the Bonus Scheme or the New KEB
            Scheme. The term of each of the Bonus Scheme and the New KEB Scheme is 20 years subject to the terms
            of their respective scheme rules. TMF Trust (HK) Limited (“TMF”), a company incorporated in Hong Kong, is
            appointed as the initial trustee of the new trust (the “New Trustee”).

            A summary of some of the principal terms of the Bonus Scheme is set out in below:

            (a)	The Company will, on a yearly basis, contribute the sum equal to an amount of 0% to 15% on the net
                 profit growth on the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group (“Annual Contribution”),
                 subject to the approval from the Benefit Scheme Executive Committee, comprising executive directors
                 of the Company. No contribution will be made by the Company if there is no growth on the net profit in
                 the year.




243   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     (CONTINUED)
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




41. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT SCHEME - continued
   A summary of some of the principal terms of the Bonus Scheme is set out in below: - continued

   (b)	The amount payable to the members of the Bonus Scheme in a financial year depends on a variety of
        factors, including the value of the assets held by the New Trustee (the “New Fund”), the appreciation
        in the value of the assets held under the New Fund, the financial performance of the Group and the
        performances of individual employees during the year. The New Fund is independent from the Company
        and the change in value of the New Fund has no impact on the Group’s financial performance and
        financial position. The only obligation of the Company is to make the Annual Contributions to the New
        Fund subject to the terms of the scheme rules of the Bonus Scheme. The Bonus Scheme is classified
        as a discretionary scheme of the Company.

   During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Company recognised an expense of nil (2020: RMB25,000,000)
   on the Master Scheme based on the Group’s financial performance. Nil (2020: RMB25,000,000) were
   recognised as employee benefit expenses in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
   comprehensive income.


42. ACQUISITIONS OF SUBSIDIARIES
   (a)	Acquisition of Luqa

         On 1 February 2021, the Group entered into a share purchase agreement (the “Luqa Agreement”) to
         acquire 100% equity interest in Luqa from several independent third parties (the “Sellers”). Luqa is a
         dermatology specialty company incorporated in Hong Kong, its products mainly includes dermatology
         prescription medicines, medical devices and medical aesthetic products. The purpose of the acquisition
         is to enrich the dermatology product portfolio of the Group, and enable the Group to enter into medical
         aesthetic field after acquiring the product rights owned by Luqa. It would have a big synergistic effect by
         taking full advantage of the promotion system and channel resource of the Group. The above acquisition
         had been completed on 1 February 2021 (the “Completion Date”) and accounted for as acquisition of
         business using the acquisition method.

         Consideration transferred
                                                                                                         RMB’000


          Cash                                                                                            513,000
          Consideration Shares and Bonus Share transferred (note i)                                       106,500
          Put options on the Consideration Shares and Bonus Share (note ii)                                57,264

                                                                                                          676,764




                                                                        CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          244
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




      42. ACQUISITIONS OF SUBSIDIARIES - continued
            (a)	Acquisition of Luqa - continued

                  Consideration transferred - continued

                  Notes:

                  (i)      Pursuant to the Luqa Agreement, on the Completion Date, the Group transferred two issued
                           ordinary shares (the “Consideration Shares”) of a wholly-owned subsidiary, CMS Aesthetics
                           Holdings Limited (“CMS Aesthetics”), representing 2% of the issued share capital of CMS
                           Aesthetics to an entity designated by the Sellers to receive and hold the Consideration Shares.

                           In addition, on the Completion Date, the Group transferred one series A redeemable share
                           (the “Bonus Share”) of CMS Aesthetics, representing 1% of the issued share capital of CMS
                           Aesthetics to an entity designated by the Sellers to receive and hold the Bonus Share.

                  (ii)     As stipulated in the Luqa Agreement, the Sellers were granted the right to demand the Group to
                           repurchase the Consideration Shares and Bonus Share, at any time from the Completion Date up
                           to date falling on the fifth anniversary of the Completion Date at pre-determined exit prices.

                  Assets acquired and liabilities recognised at the date of acquisition:

                                                                                                               RMB’000

                    Property, plant and equipment                                                                      47
                    Intangible assets                                                                           101,599
                    Inventories                                                                                       486
                    Trade and other receivables                                                                 129,046
                    Bank balances and cash                                                                        31,985
                    Trade and other payables                                                                     (43,725)
                    Tax recoverable                                                                                   116
                    Deferred tax liabilities                                                                       (2,792)

                                                                                                                 216,762


                  The receivables acquired (which principally comprised trade receivables) with a fair value of
                  RMB129,046,000 at the date of acquisition had gross contractual amounts of RMB129,046,000, being
                  the best estimate of the contractual cash flows expected to be collected at acquisition date.




245   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     (CONTINUED)
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




42. ACQUISITIONS OF SUBSIDIARIES - continued
   (a)	Acquisition of Luqa - continued

         Goodwill arising on acquisition:

                                                                                                         RMB’000

         Consideration transferred                                                                        676,764
         Less: fair value of identifiable net assets acquired                                            (216,762)

         Goodwill arising on acquisition                                                                  460,002


         Goodwill arose in the acquisition of Luqa was attributable to the synergistic effect of the promotion
         network generated from the combination. In addition, the consideration paid for the combination
         effectively included amounts in relation to the benefit of revenue growth, management team, sale and
         promotion channel and future market development of Luqa. These benefits did not meet the recognition
         criteria for identifiable intangible assets, therefore were recognised as goodwill.

         None of the goodwill arising on these acquisitions is expected to be deductible for tax purposes.

         Net cash outflow arising on acquisition:

                                                                                                         RMB’000

         Consideration paid in cash                                                                       513,000
         Less: cash and cash equivalent balances acquired                                                  (31,985)

                                                                                                          481,015


         Impact of acquisition on the results of the Group:

         Included in the profit for the year is RMB5,193,000 attributable to the additional business generated by
         Luqa. Revenue for the year includes RMB27,687,000 generated from Luqa.

         Had the acquisition of Luqa been completed on 1 January 2021, revenue for the year of the Group
         would have been RMB8,333,928,000, and profit for the year would have been RMB2,961,788,000.
         The pro forma information is for illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily an indication of revenue
         and results of operations of the Group that actually would have been achieved had the acquisition been
         completed on 1 January 2021, nor is it intended to be a projection of future results.

         In determining the ‘pro-forma’ revenue and profit of the Group had Luqa been acquired at the beginning
         of the current year, the directors of the Company calculated depreciation of property, plant and
         equipment and amortization of intangible assets based on the recognised amounts of property, plant
         and equipment and intangible assets at the date of the acquisition.



                                                                        CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          246
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




      42. ACQUISITIONS OF SUBSIDIARIES - continued
            (a)	Acquisition of Luqa - continued

                  Share-based payment transaction:

                  Pursuant to the Luqa Agreement, on the Completion Date, the Group transferred one series A
                  redeemable share (the “Employment Share”) of CMS Aesthetics, representing 1% of the issued share
                  capital of CMS Aesthetics to a key employee of Luqa with a condition that who shall serve the Group up
                  to 31 December 2023. The key employee was granted the right to demand the Group to repurchase
                  the Employment Share, at any time from the Completion Date up to date falling on the fifth anniversary
                  of the Completion Date at pre-determined exit prices. The Employment Share and related put option
                  were accounted for share-based payment under IFRS 2.

                  The estimated fair values of the employment share and related option granted on the date are
                  RMB35,500,000 and RMB19,088,000, respectively. These fair values were calculated using the Binomial
                  model. The inputs into the model were as follows:

                                                                                                          1 February 2021

                    Weighted average share price (RMB’000)                                                          35,500
                    Exercise price (RMB’000)                                                                        49,701
                    Expected volatility                                                                           39.267%
                    Expected life                                                                                        5
                    Risk-free rate                                                                                 3.001%
                    Expected dividend yield                                                                              0


                  Expected volatility was determined by using the historical volatility of the Company’s share price over the
                  previous 5 years. The expected life used in the model has been adjusted, based on the valuer’s best
                  estimate, for the effects of non-transferability, exercise restrictions and behavioural considerations.

                  For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group recognised share-based payment expense of
                  RMB17,156,000 in relation to Employment Share and related put option granted by the Company.

                  Obligation arising from put options:

                  On the Completion Date, an amount representing the present value amounting to RMB142,000,000 of
                  the amount that the Group could be required to pay the non-controlling shareholder pursuant to the put
                  options over the Consideration Shares, Bonus Share and Employment Share in CMS Aesthetics held by
                  the non-controlling shareholder, with a corresponding debit in non-controlling interests, is recognised in
                  obligation arising from put options.

                  For the period from the Completion Date to 31 December 2021, interest on obligation arising from put
                  options amounted to RMB10,413,000 was recognised in profit or loss.



247   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                  (CONTINUED)
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




42. ACQUISITIONS OF SUBSIDIARIES - continued
   (b)	Acquisition of Carnation

         On 17 May 2021, the Group entered into an equity transfer agreement with an independent third party
         (the “Seller”) to acquire 50% equity interest in Carnation at a cash consideration of RMB38,000,000.
         On the same date, the Group entered into a capital increase agreement with the Seller to subscribe
         additional 14.81% equity interest in Carnation at a consideration of RMB32,000,000. After completion,
         the Group holds 64.81% equity interest in Carnation. Carnation is incorporated in the PRC and is
         engaged in research and development and manufacture of medical aesthetic solution using focused
         ultrasound technology. The purpose of the acquisition is to acquire Carnation’s focused ultrasound
         technology platform and to develop product rights for enriching the Group’s photoelectric medical
         aesthetic product portfolio. The acquisition had been completed on 8 June 2021 and accounted for as
         acquisition of business using the acquisition method.

         Consideration transferred

                                                                                                      RMB’000

         Cash                                                                                           38,000
         Capital injection                                                                              32,000

                                                                                                        70,000


         Assets acquired and liabilities recognised at the date of acquisition:

                                                                                                      RMB’000

         Property, plant and equipment                                                                       13
         Intangible assets                                                                              38,706
         Inventories                                                                                         32
         Amount due from a shareholder                                                                  32,000
         Trade and other receivables                                                                        318
         Bank balances and cash                                                                             110
         Amount due to a non-controlling shareholder                                                     (9,630)
         Trade and other payables                                                                          (406)
         Deferred tax liabilities                                                                        (9,677)

                                                                                                        51,466


         The receivables acquired (which principally comprised trade receivables) with a fair value of RMB318,000
         at the date of acquisition had gross contractual amounts of RMB318,000, being the best estimate of the
         contractual cash flows expected to be collected at acquisition date.




                                                                       CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        248
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




      42. ACQUISITIONS OF SUBSIDIARIES - continued
            (b)	Acquisition of Carnation - continued

                  Non-controlling interests

                  The non-controlling interest (35.19%) in Carnation recognised at the acquisition date was measured by
                  reference to the proportionate share of recognised amounts of net assets of Carnation and amounted to
                  approximately RMB18,108,000.

                  Goodwill arising on acquisition:

                                                                                                                  RMB’000

                    Consideration transferred                                                                         70,000
                    Plus: non-controlling interests                                                                   18,108
                    Less: fair value of identifiable net assets acquired                                             (51,466)

                    Goodwill arising on acquisition                                                                  36,642

                  Goodwill arose in the acquisition of Carnation was attributable to the synergistic effect of the promotion
                  network generated from the combination. In addition, the consideration paid for the combination
                  effectively included amounts in relation to the benefit of focused ultrasound technology platform,
                  research and development team, potential market development and future revenue growth of Carnation.
                  These benefits did not meet the recognition criteria for identifiable intangible assets, therefore were
                  recognised as goodwill.

                  None of the goodwill arising on these acquisitions is expected to be deductible for tax purposes

                  Net cash outflow arising on acquisition:

                                                                                                                  RMB’000

                    Consideration paid in cash                                                                       38,000
                    Less: cash and cash equivalent balances acquired                                                   (110)

                                                                                                                     37,890

                  Impact of acquisition on the results of the Group:

                  Included in the profit for the year is loss of RMB3,339,000 attributable to the additional business
                  generated by Carnation. Revenue for the year includes nil generated from Carnation.

                  Had the acquisition of Carnation been completed on 1 January 2021, revenue for the year of the Group
                  would have been RMB8,337,221,000, and profit for the year would have been RMB3,024,724,000.
                  The pro forma information is for illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily an indication of revenue
                  and results of operations of the Group that actually would have been achieved had the acquisition been
                  completed on 1 January 2021, nor is it intended to be a projection of future results.

249   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                              (CONTINUED)
                                                                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




42. ACQUISITIONS OF SUBSIDIARIES - continued
   (b)	Acquisition of Carnation - continued

            Impact of acquisition on the results of the Group: - continued

            In determining the ‘pro-forma’ revenue and profit of the Group had Carnation been acquired at the
            beginning of the current year, the directors of the Company calculated depreciation of property, plant
            and equipment based on the recognised amounts of property, plant and equipment at the date of the
            acquisition.


43. PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY
   As at 31 December 2021 and 2020, the details of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are set as follows:

                                 Place of                  Issue and
                              incorporation/                fully paid
                              establishment              share capital/                        Equity interest                 Principal
    Name of subsidiaries      and operation            registered capital                    held by the Group                 activities
                                                31 December          31 December      31 December         31 December
                                                    2021                 2020              2021                2020
                                                                                    Directly Indirectly Directly Indirectly

   CMS International          British Virgin        US$10,000          US$10,000     100%            -    100%           - Investment holding
                               Islands

   Kangzhe Hunan              PRC               RMB36,750,000     RMB36,750,000            -     100%          -    100% Production of
    (wholly-owned                                                                                                         medicines
    domestic enterprise)

   Tibet Kangzhe Enterprise   PRC               RMB10,000,000     RMB10,000,000            -     100%          -    100% Investment holding
    Management Co. Ltd.
    (wholly-owned domestic
    enterprise)

   Shenzhen Kangzhe           PRC              RMB350,000,000    RMB350,000,000           -      100%          -    100% Marketing,
    (wholly foreign-owned                                                                                                 promotion
    enterprise)                                                                                                           and sale of drugs

   Sino Talent                Hong Kong                  HK$1                HK$1         -      100%          -    100% Investment holding

   Sky United                 Hong Kong                 HK$10              HK$10          -      100%          -    100% Trading of drugs

   Kangzhe Pharmaceutical     PRC               RMB50,000,000     RMB50,000,000           -      100%          -    100% Investment holding
    Investment Co., Ltd.
    (wholly-owned domestic
    enterprise)

   Tianjin Kangzhe            PRC              RMB500,000,000    RMB500,000,000           -      100%          -    100% Marketing,
    (wholly foreign-owned                                                                                                 promotion
     enterprise)                                                                                                          and sale of drugs

   Lengshuijiang Kangzhe      PRC               RMB32,500,000     RMB22,359,050           -      100%          -    100% Production of
   Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd,                                                                                               medicines
    (wholly-owned domestic
    enterprise)

   Xili Pharmaceutical        PRC               RMB11,360,000     RMB11,360,000           -     52.01%         -   52.01% Production of
    (sino-foreign                                                                                                          medicines
     equity joint venture)




                                                                                        CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED                   250
                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




      43. PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY -
          continued
                                             Place of                   Issue and
                                          incorporation/                 fully paid
                                          establishment               share capital/                           Equity interest                    Principal
               Name of subsidiaries       and operation             registered capital                       held by the Group                    activities
                                                             31 December          31 December         31 December         31 December
                                                                 2021                 2020                 2021                2020
                                                                                                    Directly Indirectly Directly Indirectly

            Tibet Kangzhe                 PRC               RMB100,000,000     RMB100,000,000          -      100%         -       100%       Marketing,
             Development                                                                                                                       promotion
             (wholly-owned                                                                                                                     and sale of drugs
             domestic subsidiary)

            CMS Bridging Limited          Hong Kong        HK$1,000,000,000   HK$1,000,000,000         -      100%         -       100%       Investment holding
             (formerly known as Everest
             Fortune Limited)

            CMS Medical Venture           British Virgin         US$50,000           US$50,000         -      100%         -       100%       Investment holding
             Investment Limited           Island

            CMS Medical Venture           Hong Kong                 HK$100              HK$100         -      100%         -       100%       Investment holding
             Investment (HK) Limited

            CMS International             Macau            MOP$113,340,100 MOP$113,340,100             -      100%         -       100%       Trading of drugs
             Development and
             Management Limited

            CMS Pharma DMCC               Dubai              DH104,490,000            DH50,000         -      100%         -       100%       Trading of drugs

            CMS Bridging DMCC             Dubai              DH261,220,000            DH50,000         -      100%         -       100%       Investment holding

            CMS Aesthetics DMCC           Dubai                   DH50,000                      -      -      100%         -         -        Trading of drugs

            Luqa Ventures Co., Limited    Hong Kong              HK$10,000                      -      -      100%         -         -        Trading of drugs

            Shanghai Carnation Medical
             Technology Co., Ltd          PRC                 RMB2,842,105                      -      -     64.81%        -         -        Trading of drugs

            Shanghai Kangzhe Aesthetics                                                                                                       Marketing and
             Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd    PRC                  RMB10,000,000                      -      -      100%         -         -         promotion

            Hainan Kangzhe Aesthetics
             Technology Co., Ltd          PRC               RMB200,000,000                      -      -      100%         -         -        Investment holding

            Shenzhen Kangzhe
             Zhiyuan Enterprise
             Management Co., Ltd          PRC               RMB200,000,000                      -      -      100%         -         -        Investment holding

            Shenzhen Kangzhe Yingtai
             Technology Co.,Ltd           PRC               RMB100,000,000                      -      -      100%         -         -        Investment holding

            Hainan Kangzhe Venture
             Capital Co. Ltd              PRC               RMB100,000,000                      -      -      100%         -         -        Investment holding


            The above table lists the subsidiaries of the Company, in the opinion of the directors of the Company, which
            principally affected the results or assets of the Group. To give details of other subsidiaries would, in the opinion
            of the directors of the Company, result in particulars of excessive length.

            None of the subsidiaries had issued any debt securities at the end of the year.




251   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                      (CONTINUED)
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




44. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY
                                                                                    2021                   2020
                                                                                 RMB’000                RMB’000
   Non-current asset
    Interests in subsidiaries                                                   4,604,171               4,324,239

   Current assets
    Amount due from a subsidiary                                                1,000,000                500,000
    Bank balances and cash                                                         17,901                  5,124

                                                                                1,017,901                505,124

   Current liabilities
    Amount due to a subsidiary                                                      2,958                   2,958
    Other payables and accruals                                                     2,234                   3,220
    Bank borrowings                                                             1,103,760                       -

                                                                                1,108,952                   6,178

   Net current (liabilities) assets                                                (91,051)              498,946

   Total assets less current liabilities                                        4,513,120               4,823,185

   Capital and reserves
    Share capital (note 33)                                                        84,177                  84,634
    Reserves                                                                    4,428,943               4,738,551

   Total equity                                                                 4,513,120               4,823,185


   Movement in reserves

                                            Share        Capital       Accumulated     Dividend
                                           premium       reserve          profits      reserve          Total
                                           RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000

   Balance at 1 January 2020               2,391,513        6,960         2,477,402      315,260        5,191,135

   Repurchase of ordinary shares             (86,634)              -              -               -       (86,634)
   Profit and total comprehensive
    income for the year                              -             -        468,179            -          468,179
   Dividends paid                                    -             -       (520,095)    (314,034)        (834,129)
   Dividends proposed                                -             -       (501,080)     501,080                -

   Balance at 31 December 2020             2,304,879        6,960         1,924,406      502,306        4,738,551
   Repurchase of ordinary shares            (151,062)           -                 -            -         (151,062)
   Profit and total comprehensive
    income for the year                              -             -        996,288            -          996,288
   Dividends paid                                    -             -       (652,528)    (502,306)      (1,154,834)
   Dividends proposed                                -             -       (557,594)     557,594                -

   Balance at 31 December 2021             2,153,817        6,960         1,710,572      557,594        4,428,943

                                                                        CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        252
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




      45. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
            Acquisition of a subsidiary

            On 8 December 2021, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company entered into an equity transfer agreement
            with an independent third party to acquire 100% equity interest in Shanghai Xuli Medical Devices Company
            Limited (the “Target Company”), a medical aesthetic specialty company, from independent third parties (the
            “Acquisition”) at a consideration of RMB45,000,000.

            The Target Company focuses on the field of medical aesthetic products and is well established in the middle
            and upper stream of medical aesthetic industry, integrating R&D, production, sales and customized OEM
            (original equipment manufacturer), aiming to provide Chinese beauty-loving people with global high-quality
            medical aesthetic products, equipment and services.

            As at 31 December 2021, deposit of RMB15,000,000 has been paid by the Group in relation to the Acquisition
            and recognised as deposit paid for acquisition of a subsidiary. The Acquisition has been subsequent
            completed on 21 January 2022 and accounted for under IFRS 3. Upon the completion of the Acquisition,
            the Target Company will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. However, the directors of the
            Company are still assessing the financial impact of the Acquisition to the Group at the date of the issuance of
            these consolidated financial statements.

            Details are set out in the announcement made by the Company on 8 December 2021.




253   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
