Contents

Corporate Information....................................................................................................................................... 1

Financial Highlights............................................................................................................................................. 2

Business Highlights. ............................................................................................................................................ 3

Chairman’s Statement.......................................................................................................................................... 4

Management Discussion and Analysis. ........................................................................................................... 7

Directors and Senior Management............................................................................................................... 28

Directors’ Report............................................................................................................................................... 31

Corporate Governance Report. .................................................................................................................... 42

Environmental, Social and Governance Report....................................................................................... 53

Independent Auditor’s Report .........................................................................................................................................103

Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income.............................108

Consolidated Statement of Financial Position.......................................................................................................109

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity.......................................................................................................111

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows.....................................................................................................................112

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.................................................................................................114
    Corporate Information


    Board of Directors                                        Auditors
    Executive Directors                                       Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
    Mr. LAM Kong                                              Registered Public Interest Entity Auditors
    Mr. CHEN Hongbing
    Ms. CHEN Yanling
                                                              Principal Bankers
    Independent Non-Executive Directors                       China Merchants Bank, Shenzhen Branch
    Mr. CHEUNG Kam Shing, Terry (resigned on 31 March 2020)   Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited
    Mr. WU Chi Keung                                          DBS Bank (China) Limited
    Mr. LEUNG Chong Shun
    Ms. LUO, Laura Ying (appointed on 31 March 2020)          Registered Office
                                                              Maples Corporate Services Limited
    Company Secretary                                         PO Box 309
    Ms. WU Sanyan                                             Ugland House
                                                              Grand Cayman, KY1-1104
    Authorized Representatives                                Cayman Islands
    Ms. WU Sanyan
    Mr. LAM Kong                                              Headquarters and Principal Place
                                                              of Business in Hong Kong
    Audit Committee Members
                                                              Unit 2106, 21/F
    Mr. WU Chi Keung (Chairman)                               Island Place Tower
    Mr. CHEUNG Kam Shing, Terry (resigned on 31 March 2020)   510 King’s Road
    Mr. LEUNG Chong Shun                                      North Point
    Ms. LUO, Laura Ying (appointed on 31 March 2020)          Hong Kong

    Remuneration Committee Members                            Principal Contact Address in the PRC
    Mr. LEUNG Chong Shun (Chairman)                           6F - 8F, Block B, Majialong Chuangxin Building
    Mr. CHEUNG Kam Shing, Terry (resigned on 31 March 2020)   198 Daxin Road
    Mr. WU Chi Keung                                          Nanshan District
    Ms. LUO, Laura Ying (appointed on 31 March 2020)          Shenzhen 518052
                                                              Guangdong Province
    Nomination Committee Members
                                                              The PRC
    Mr. CHEUNG Kam Shing, Terry (Chairman)
    (resigned on 31 March 2020)                               Branch Share Registrar in Hong Kong
    Ms. LUO, Laura Ying (Chairman)                            Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
    (appointed on 31 March 2020)                              Shops 1712-1716, 17/F, Hopewell Centre
    Mr. LAM Kong                                              183 Queen’s Road East
    Mr. WU Chi Keung                                          Wanchai
    Mr. LEUNG Chong Shun                                      Hong Kong

    Environmental, Social and                                 Stock Code
    Governance Committee Members                              867
    Ms. CHEN Yanling (Chairman)
    Mr. WU Chi Keung                                          Company’s Website
    Mr. LEUNG Chong Shun                                      www.cms.net.cn


1   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                                  Financial Highlights


•          Turnover up 14.4% to RMB6,946.0 million (2019: RMB6,073.6 million); excluding the effect of the “two-invoice
           system”, turnover up 15.4% to RMB7,957.3 million (2019: RMB6,897.2 million)
•          Gross profit up 12.9% to RMB5,134.2 million (2019: RMB4,546.3 million); excluding the effect of the “two-invoice
           system”, gross profit up 16.0% to RMB4,842.7 million (2019: RMB4,173.3 million)
•          Profit for the year up 30.7% to RMB2,555.7 million (2019: RMB1,955.7 million); normalized profit for the year*
           up 18.4% to RMB2,696.1 million (2019: RMB2,277.1 million)
•          Basic earnings per share up 29.5% to RMB1.0237 (2019: RMB0.7905)
•          As at 31 December 2020, the Group’s bank balances and cash amounted to RMB2,668.4 million while readily
           realizable bank acceptance bills amounted to RMB446.0 million
•          Proposed final dividend of RMB0.2033 per share, bringing the total dividend for the year ended 31 December
           2020 to RMB0.4138 per share, representing an increase of 31.2% over last year (2019: final dividend of
           RMB0.1271 and total dividend of RMB0.3154 per share)
Turnover (excluding the effect of the “two-invoice system”) and profit of the Group for the last ten years are set out
below:




*	Normalized profit for the year excluding an income tax provision arising from a change in income tax policy
  applicable to a subsidiary of the Group for the year of 2019, and excluding a provision on impairment for
  goodwill and intangible assets and a reversal of overprovision on income tax aforesaid for the Reporting Period,
  respectively.

Consolidated Statement of Financial Position Highlights

                                                                 As at 31 December
                                         2016             2017              2018             2019                  2020
                                    RMB'000           RMB'000          RMB'000           RMB'000               RMB'000
    Total assets                   9,791,593        10,148,843       10,506,452        11,170,976            12,701,067
    Total liabilities              3,523,769         2,820,586        2,102,377         1,654,844             1,598,352
    Net assets                     6,267,824         7,328,257        8,404,075         9,516,132            11,102,715


                                                                                CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         2
                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2020
    BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS


    During the Reporting Period, while achieving a sound growth, the Group has made significant progress in the
    expansion of the innovative pipeline, the clinical development of innovative products and the deployment of the
    healthcare business, which are summarized as follows:


    The Innovative Pipeline Continued to Expand

    •     Acquired the exclusive license of Methylene Blue MMX in Mainland China, HK SAR, Macao SAR and TWN. The
          product is an oral methylene blue modified-release formulation that enhances diagnosis sensitivity in detecting
          the cancerous/precancerous lesions during colonoscopy for the screening of colorectal cancer.
    •     Acquired the exclusive license of Methotrexate Pre-filled Syringe/Pen in Mainland China, HK SAR, Macao SAR
          and TWN. The product is expected to be the first MTX pre-filled injection for subcutaneous administration for
          the treatment of RA in China.
    •     Acquired the exclusive license of BCG for Intravesical Instillation in Mainland China, HK SAR and Macao SAR.
          The product is the only BCG therapy available in many countries.
    •     Acquired the exclusive license of PLENITY® in Mainland China, HK SAR, Macao SAR, TWN, Singapore and the
          U.A.E. The product is a U.S. FDA-cleared, safe and effective orally-administered weight management product
          made from naturally derived materials.
    •     Acquired the exclusive license of Desidustat Tablets in Mainland China, HK SAR, Macao SAR and TWN. The
          product is a patented new molecular entity and an oral hypoxia-inducible factor-prolyl hydroxylase inhibitor (HIF-
          PHI), used for the treatment of anemia in patients with chronic kidney disease.


    The Clinical Development of Innovative Products in China Progressed Rapidly

    •     Completed dosing and blood sample collection of all subjects in the registration trial of Diazepam Nasal
          Spray, which is an innovative drug targeting acute repetitive seizures in people 6 years of age and older that is
          convenient to use outside the medical setting with a very rapid onset of action.
    •     Completed the first subject dosing in the registration trial of Cyclosporine Eye Drops 0.09%, which is a
          preservative-free innovative ophthalmic formulation using globally patented nanotechnology.
    •     Completed the first subject dosing in the registration trial of Tildrakizumab, which is a monoclonal antibody
          specifically targeting IL-23.
    •     The clinical trial application of Desidustat Tablets (Category 1 new drug) has been accepted by China NMPA.


    The Healthcare Cross-border E-commerce Business Officially Launched

    •     “CMS Health Overseas Flagship Stores” have been officially launched on JD Worldwide and Youzan Mall. As
          at 31 December 2020, 18 quality products of 4 well-known European healthcare brands have been put on the
          cross-border e-commerce stores.




3   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                           Chairman’s Statement


Dear shareholders and partners,

The unexpected opening of 2020 made the year an extraordinary one that will certainly be recorded in human history.
2020 is also the 10th Anniversary of Listing of China Medical System Holdings Limited (the “Company”) on the Main
Board of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“SEHK” or “Stock Exchange”). At this important historical point
of time, we have created excellence with diligence and forged ahead with innovation and breakthrough, achieving a
record high performance under the joint effort of all staff. On behalf of the Board of Directors of the Company (the “Board
of Directors” or the “Board”), I would like to sincerely thank all our staff, shareholders and partners, and take pleasure
in presenting you the Annual Report of the Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group” or “CMS”) for the year ended 31
December 2020 (the “Reporting Period”).


Jointly Fighting against the Pandemic and Embracing a Brighter Tomorrow

As the pandemic had already been severe when it was widely reported in mass media, the Group promptly initiated
projects to support the frontline against the pandemic on Chinese New Year’s Eve. The Group made a cash donation
of RMB1 million to Wuhan Charity Federation right away and urgently purchased pandemic prevention materials
leveraging its overseas resources accumulated for over two decades as well as its mature global supply chain system.
Being on 24-hour standby, our overseas and domestic staff responded fast, collaborated remotely, and raced against
time to rapidly deliver multiple batches of N95 masks, protective clothing and other prevention materials to the hands
of frontline medical workers, bringing them the warmest regards and protection. Influenced by the inculcation received
in medical or pharmaceutical schools and the professional ethics required during work, the management team has
always felt empathy for doctors and patients, and fully understood the patients’ trust of their lives in doctors and the
importance of doctors’ mission in such a crisis. Committed to “creating value for customers and taking responsibility
for society”, we have always spared no effort.


New CMS, the Rising CMS

In recent years, the reform of the entire China pharmaceutical industry delivered initial results that have brought more
benefits to people’s lives. To adapt itself to the new environment, CMS proactively sought changes and initiated the
innovation-driven transformation since 2017. In the last four years, we constantly challenged ourselves and made a
number of achievements, laying a solid foundation for the future and re-establishing our confidence to win.




                                                                               CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          4
                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2020
    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
    (CONTINUED)




    Committed to being a corporate citizen who bears society responsibilities, CMS develops drugs that can meet severe
    unmet clinical needs with good quality and low price. Through global strategic collaborations or equity investments,
    the Group selects innovative products that are global first-in-class or products with innovative formulations or drug
    delivery systems. As at 31 December 2020, the Group has acquired more than 20 innovative products with high
    innovation level, good market potential and competitive differentiation advantages. We will capitalize on our extensive
    expert networks and mature promotion team of the academic promotion system to accelerate the clinical development
    of innovative drugs in China, and facilitate those products to launch in China as soon as possible, so as to bring more
    effective, safer, more convenient, or more cost-effective innovative treatment options for Chinese patients and doctors.

    We put forward the concept of digital marketing in 2017 and developed the “5+1” online promotion tools in 2018.
    In 2020, we took the opportunity brought by the unexpected pandemic to boost the application of digital marketing
    as well as the novel academic promotion. During the Reporting Period, the number of online promotion conferences
    and client coverage increased significantly compared with the total number of online and offline conferences in 2019,
    which has greatly improved the promotion and operation efficiency. The innovative academic promotion model has
    already become the brand and pride of CMS’s academic promotion. While enhancing the legality and compliance of
    the innovative academic promotion, we have reshaped the comprehensive, macro and sustainable business planning
    capabilities, and established a well-planned, objective-measurable internal evaluation system, building a more initiative,
    effective and professional promotion system to reinforce the strong commercialization capability as well as the
    compliant and professional academic promotion ability of the Group.

    During the post-pandemic period, people’s awareness of health and consciousness of protection has been greatly
    improved, and their demands for consumption upgrade and high quality were continuously increasing as well.
    Meanwhile, the pandemic has massively accelerated the growth of e-commerce. Capitalizing on its overseas
    resources accumulated for over two decades, as well as the good market reputation, the mature product introduction
    and evaluation system, and the efficient global supply chain system, the Group seized this opportunity and rapidly
    made deployment of overseas healthcare products with brand awareness, academic value and high quality, and
    supplied the products to Mainland China through cross-border e-commerce platforms. On 1 November 2020, “CMS
    Health Overseas Flagship Stores”, our one-stop cross-border e-commerce shopping platform, were officially launched
    on JD Worldwide and Youzan Mall. We will continue to expand the portfolio of healthcare products with good branding
    and recognized mechanism to meet consumers’ comprehensive health needs in the full life cycle from childhood to old
    age and of the entire body from head to toe, and utilize the customer resource from the sales and promotion channels
    to offer professional health guidance and services, safeguarding consumers’ health.




5   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                                                       CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
                                                                                                         (CONTINUED)




In February 2021, the Group acquired all the issued and outstanding shares of Luqa Ventures Co., Ltd, a dermatology
specialty company, through which the Group acquired several prescription drugs and medical devices of dermatology
lines and entered the professional medical aesthetic field. We will continuously utilize our overseas channel resources
to deploy global cutting-edge technologies and innovative products in skin management, medical aesthetic solutions
and related fields. In the meantime, we will leverage our expert resources in the dermatology line and integrate
hospital, medical institution, retail and internet channels to build a leading skin management and high-end medical
aesthetic brand in China with first-rate competitiveness, and fulfill the increasingly diverse needs for skin management
and beauty of Chinese consumers.

In the future, we will continue to invest in and develop innovative drugs with differentiation advantages and that can
meet clinical needs, introduce healthcare products with brand awareness and mechanisms, and invest in high-end
medical aesthetic solutions. We will also utilize the digital tools and the refined management system to integrate the
channel resources such as hospital, medical institutions, retail and internet, while accelerating the talent recruitment
and team building and optimizing the reward mechanism. While maintaining the sustained growth of the existing
business, we will enhance the development of new businesses. The road ahead is long and difficult, and those who
embark on the journey will attain the goals. With all these efforts made and empowered by the new products, new
businesses and the strong commercialization system, we firmly believe that we will create more commercial and social
values and make more contributions to the development of the medical and healthcare industry in China.



                                                                                                        Chairman
                                                                                                       Lam Kong
                                                                                                    Hong Kong, China
                                                                                                     16 March 2021




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         6
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2020
Management Discussion
and Analysis

Overview
CMS is a well-established, innovation-driven specialty pharma with a focus on sales and marketing in China. We
concentrate on deploying innovative products that are global first-in-class, or with the best efficacy, safety or cost-
effectiveness in the class due to their innovative formulations or drug delivery systems, and have established
an innovative pipeline with relatively high innovation level, good market potential and competitive differentiation
advantages. We have more than two decades of proven and successful experience in drug promotion, with many
existing products being in leading market positions. Jointly driven by the strong product competence, the powerful
sales and promotion capability, and the professional, efficient and refined internal management system, the Company
has become one of the most efficient companies in China’s pharmaceutical industry.


Business Review
In 2020, with the implementation of various policies such as the normalized National Volume-based Procurement
(“VBP”), National Reimbursement Drug List negotiation, Registration Regulation on Pharmaceutical Representatives
and anti-corruption related policies, the reform of China’s pharmaceutical industry has delivered initial results. Facing
the new business formats and competitive landscape of the pharmaceutical industry, the Group has constantly
innovated and changed, accelerating the clinical development of innovative drugs in China while continuously
reinforcing the investment and deployment of innovative drugs. In the meantime, keeping abreast of the consumption
upgrade and internet trends, the Group capitalized on its overseas resources accumulated for over two decades to
enter the healthcare field, aiming to inject new impetus for future development and performance growth.

During the Reporting Period, the Group utilized innovative digital marketing tools on a large scale and strengthened
the refined management and the iterative training system. Jointly driven by the product competence, the sales and
promotion capability and the efficient management system, the Group has achieved sound growth for the year.


I. Pharmaceutical Business
1.Innovative Pipeline
As at 31 December 2020, the Group had more than 20 innovative products with high innovation level, good market
potential and competitive differentiation advantages. Among them, 9 products had been approved for marketing in the
United States (U.S.) and/or Europe and 3 were under registration trials in China.




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          7
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2020
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
    (CONTINUED)




    Launched Overseas or Under Marketing Approval Review


                                                                          Clinical  Clinical   Marketing               Marketed
       Product              Indication             Innovativeness          Trial    Trial for   Approval Marketed      Country/
                                                                         Approval Registration Application              Region

                     Seizure clusters or acute                                                                          The U.S.
                                                 Proprietary
      Diazepam       pepetitive seizures in
                                                 technology for
     Nasal Spray     patients with epilepsy 6
                                                 special dosage form                                                      China
                     years of age and older

                  Increasing tear production                                                                        The U.S.,Australia
     Cyclosporine                            Global
                  in patients with
      Eye Drops                              nanotechnology
                  keratoconjunctivitis sicca
        0.09%                                patent                                                                       China
                  (dry eye)

                                                 Innovative biological                                              The U.S.,Europe,
    Tildrakizumab                                                                                                    Australia,Japan
                  Moderate-to-severe             agent; substance
      (Biological
                  plaque psoriasis               and formulation
        Agent)                                                                                                            China
                                                 patents

                     Aid for weight
                     management in adults      Formulation/use and
       PLENITY       with a BMI of 25-40 kg/m2 preparation method                                                       The U.S.
                     when used in conjunction patents
                     with diet and exercise

    Methotrexate Rheumatoid arthritis            Use, formulation and
     Pre-filled  and other autoimmune            method patents in                                                  The U.S.,Europe
    Syringe/Pen diseases                         The U.S. and Europe

                     Non-invasive urothelial
       BCG for
                     bladder carcinoma,          High barriers of live
     Intravesical
                     including curative          strain cultivation
      Instillation                                                                                                       Europe
                     treatment of carcinoma      technology and
      (Biological
                     in situ and prophylactic    industrialized supply
        Agent)
                     treatment of recurrence

                     An oral diagnostic drug,
                     enhancing visualisation
      Methylene
                     of colorectal lesions in    Formulation patent                                                      Europe
      Blue MMX
                     screening or surveillance
                     colonoscopy
                                                 Innovative
                     Reduction of elevated                                                                              The U.S.
                                                 technology
     Latanoprost     intraocular pressure
                                                 platform to dissolve
                     in patients with open-
     Eye Drops*                                  ophthalmic drugs
                     angle glaucoma or ocular
                                                 with limited water                                                       China
                     hypertension
                                                 absorbability
                  Adjunctive therapy for the
    Levetiracetam                            Specialty formulation
                  treatment of partial-onset                                                                            The U.S.
      XR Tablet                              technology
                  seizures

                     Metastatic breast cancer,
      Paclitaxel
                     locally advanced/
      Injection
                     metastatic non-small cell
     Concentrate                                 Formulation patents                                                    The U.S.
                     lung cancer, metastatic
         for
                     adenocarcinoma of the
     Suspension
                     pancreas

                     Chronic balance deficit                                                                             Canada
                                                 Innovative medical
        PoNS         due to mild-to-moderate
                                                 device                                                                 The U.S.
                     traumatic brain injury


8   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                       (CONTINUED)




Under Clinical Stages


                                                                                                            Country/
                                                         Clinical                   Marketing                Region
                                                                  Phase Phase Phase
  Product         Indication         Innovativeness       Trial                      Approval Marketed         for
                                                                    I     II    III
                                                        Approval                    Application             Clinical
                                                                                                              Trials

             Eye pain and          Proprietary nano-
 SDN-037     inflammation after    sized micelle drug                                                       Overseas
             cataract surgery      delivery system

Desidustat Anemia in patients New molecular                                                                 Overseas
           with chronic kidney entity; substance
 Tablets**
           disease             patent                                                                         China

             Reduction of
             elevated intraocular Resin
             pressure in patients microparticle-
  PDP-716                                                                                                   Overseas
             with open-angle      complexed drug
             glaucoma or ocular technology
             hypertension

                                   New lead
   CF101     Psoriasis                                                                                      Overseas
                                   compound

             Hepatocellular
                                                                                                            Overseas
             carcinoma
                                   New lead
   CF102     Non-alcoholic fatty   compound
             liver disease/non-
                                                                                                            Overseas
             alcoholic
             steatohepatitis

             Prevention of         New lead
             post-surgical         compound;
   XF-73                                                                                                    Overseas
             staphylococcal        compound patent
             infections            and use patent

             Onychomycosis         Formulation
  BB2603                                                                                                    Overseas
             and tinea pedis       patents

   ACT017                          Innovative
             Acute phase of
 (Biological                       biological agent;                                                        Overseas
             ischemic stroke
   Agent)                          substance patent

                                   Innovative
   VXM01                           biological agent;
             Recurrent
 (Biological                       production process                                                       Overseas
             glioblastoma
   Agent)                          patent and use
                                   patent


* In January 2021, the clinical trial application of Latanoprost Eye Drops has been accepted by National Medical
Products Administration (“NMPA”) of China.
** In January 2021, the clinical trial application of Desidustat Tablets has been approved by China NMPA.
During the second half of 2020, the Group terminated the extended Phase III clinical trial of Tyroserleutide (CMS024).




                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        9
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2020
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     1.1 Continuous Expansion of the Innovative Pipeline
     Strategically collaborated with Cosmo and acquired the innovative product Methylene Blue MMX - an
     oral methylene blue modified-release formulation that enhances diagnosis sensitivity in detecting the
     cancerous/precancerous lesions during colonoscopy for the screening of colorectal cancer
     In December 2020, the Group signed a license, collaboration and distribution agreement with Cosmo Technologies
     Ltd. (“Cosmo”) for Methylthioninium Chloride Cosmo (Methylene Blue MMX) and any line extension thereof, and gained
     an exclusive license to develop and commercialize the product and use the product mark in association with the
     commercialization of the product in Mainland China, the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (“HK SAR”), the
     Macao Special Administrative Region (“Macao SAR”) and Taiwan (“TWN”).

     Formulated by Cosmo’s proprietary technology, Methylene Blue MMX is a novel oral formulation of the existing liquid
     colon staining dye methylene blues. The product has been approved by the European Medicines Agency (“EMA”) to
     be commercialized in Europe under the trade name LumeblueTM for the detection of lesions during colonoscopy in
     August 2020.

     Colorectal cancer is one of the most common malignant tumours in the digestive system. In China, there were
     376,000 new cases and 191,000 deaths reported each year, according to the 2018 China Cancer Statistics Report.
     The detection and removal of the lesions, such as adenomas, is critical, as survival is significantly better when
     colorectal cancer is diagnosed early before it spreads and advances, thus population-based screening for colorectal
     cancer is widely recommended globally. Colonoscopy is regarded as the gold standard in screening for colorectal
     cancer, and Methylene Blue MMX is clinically approved to improve the detection of all lesions, including precancerous
     lesions, such as adenoma, in the colon during endoscopy. The potential benefits of adding Methylene Blue MMX to
     routine colonoscopy screening procedures are clear.

     Strategically collaborated with medac and acquired the innovative products Methotrexate Pre-filled
     Syringe/Pen and BCG for Intravesical Instillation
     In September 2020, the Group signed a distribution, supply and license agreement with medac Gesellschaft für
     klinische Spezialpräparate m.b.H (“medac”) for the standard-care products including Methotrexate Pre-filled Syringe/
     Pen and BCG for Intravesical Instillation, which have been marketed in Europe and/or in the U.S. The Group gained an
     exclusive license to use all relevant intellectual property and intellectual property rights owned or controlled by medac
     or its affiliates for the development, registration and commercialization of the products in Mainland China, HK SAR,
     Macao SAR and TWN (TWN is not applicable to the product BCG for Intravesical Instillation).

     Methotrexate Pre-filled Syringe/Pen - expected to be the first MTX pre-filled injection for subcutaneous
     administration for the treatment of RA in China
     Methotrexate Pre-filled Syringe/Pen is Methotrexate (MTX) injectables of multiple low-dose formulations in a small
     volume, allowing self-administration subcutaneously by patients. The products have been approved by European
     Heads of Medicine Agencies (“HMA”) or/and the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) for the treatment of
     rheumatoid arthritis (RA) and other autoimmune diseases.




10   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                              (CONTINUED)




RA is one of the major autoimmune diseases, as stated by the Chinese Rheumatoid Arthritis Diagnosis and Treatment
Guidelines 2018 , the incidence of RA in Mainland China is 0.42%, with around 5 million patients. MTX is internationally
well accepted as the first-line gold standard medicine for the systemic treatment for RA. Compared with the oral
application of MTX, subcutaneous administration route can achieve better bioavailability, significant improvement
of clinical efficacious response and favorable adverse effect profile for patients as well as convenience of dosage
management in practice. As neither pre-filled MTX injection products nor MTX injectables for the treatment of RA is
marketed in China, Methotrexate Pre-filled Syringe/Pen is expected to become better alternatives for RA patients.

BCG for Intravesical Instillation - launched in Europe for many years, and is the only BCG therapy available
in many countries
BCG for Intravesical Instillation is the lyophilised powder of live Bacillus Calmette-Guérin (BCG) bacteria derived from
Mycobacterium bovis , strain RIVM. It has been approved as a biologics by European HMA for the treatment of non-
invasive urothelial bladder carcinoma, including curative treatment of carcinoma in situ and prophylactic treatment of
recurrence of urothelial carcinoma limited to mucosa (Ta G1-G2 if multifocal and/or recurrent tumour; Ta G3), urothelial
carcinoma in lamina propria but not the muscular of the bladder (T1) and carcinoma in situ. The product has been
launched in many countries in Europe and beyond, including Germany, France, Ireland and Italy since 2001.

According to the Analysis of the Incidence and Death of Bladder Cancer in China in 2014 , there were approximately
78,100 new cases of bladder cancer nationwide in 2014, with an incidence of 5.71 per 100,000, among which non-
muscular invasive bladder cancer (NMIBC) accounts for nearly 80% of all initial diagnoses. Approximate 63.4%
of those patients, about 40,000 per year, with NMIBC are at intermediate or high risk. For the high-risk and some
intermediate-risk NMIBC patients, postoperative intravesical BCG is recommended to prevent recurrence and
disease progression, based on both international and Chinese domestic treatment guidelines. The treatment is a well-
established immunotherapy for bladder cancers. However, there has been a worldwide BCG shortage, including in
China, in recent years. The introduction of BCG for Intravesical Instillation will greatly improve the availability of BCG for
bladder cancer patients.

Made equity investment in Gelesis and acquired the innovative product PLENITY® - a safe and effective
orally-administered weight management product made from naturally derived materials
In June 2020, the Group made an equity investment in Gelesis, Inc. (“Gelesis”) (As at 31 December 2020, the
Group held 5.62% ownership of Gelesis) and signed a license, collaboration and supply agreement with Gelesis for
PLENITY®, gaining an exclusive license under Gelesis intellectual property and applicable regulatory approvals to
develop, import, register, make and have made, manufacture and commercialize the product in Mainland China, HK
SAR, Macao SAR, TWN, Singapore and the United Arab Emirates (U.A.E.).

PLENITY® is a non-systemic, non-stimulant, safe and effective orally-administered weight management product made
from naturally derived materials. It was cleared by the U.S. FDA in April 2019 as an aid for weight management in
adults with a Body Mass Index (BMI) of 25–40 kg/m2 when used in conjunction with diet and exercise. In addition,
PLENITY® also received a CE mark.




                                                                                 CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           11
                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2020
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     Statistics show that in 2015, overweight and obesity accounted for 23% and 5% of the adult population, respectively,
     in China. Currently, the commonly used weight loss and weight maintenance drugs have different degrees of adverse
     reactions; whilst, most products in the healthcare market have not been fully validated by evidence-based medicine
     in terms of effectiveness and safety. The pivotal clinical trial supporting the U.S. FDA clearance showed that after
     six months of treatment with PLENITY®, nearly 60% of patients achieved at least 5% weight loss (an average of
     10% weight loss, or 10 kg) and 26% achieved at least 10% (an average of 14% weight loss, or 13 kg). Meanwhile,
     PLENITY® demonstrated a highly favorable safety profile: no difference in the overall incidence of adverse events
     compared with placebo. The introduction of PLENITY® would meet the market demand and provide patients with an
     effective and safe treatment option.

     Strategically collaborated with Zydus and acquired the innovative product Desidustat Tablets - an oral
     hypoxia-inducible factor-prolyl hydroxylase inhibitor
     In January 2020, the Group signed a license agreement with Cadila Healthcare Limited (“Zydus”) for Desidustat
     Tablets and gained a royalty-bearing, exclusive, sub-licensable license under the licensed technology and Zydus data
     to develop, register and to manufacture, use and commercialize the product in Mainland China, HK SAR, Macao SAR
     and TWN. The manufacturing of the product preparations will be localized by the Group in China with technology
     transfer from Zydus.

     Desidustat Tablets, which is under two Phase III clinical trials overseas, is a novel oral hypoxia-inducible factor-prolyl
     hydroxylase inhibitor (HIF-PHI) for treating anemia in chronic kidney disease (CKD) patients. During the Reporting
     Period, the Group has completed the manufacturing of preparations used for clinical trials through technology transfer
     and submitted the Category 1 new drug’s clinical trial application, which has been approved by the NMPA of China in
     January 2021. The Group is currently actively preparing for the relevant clinical trials.

     It has been reported that more than 120 million people are estimated to be living with CKD in China, and anemia is
     one of the frequent complications of CKD. A survey in China showed that the prevalence of anemia in patients at CKD
     stage 1 to 5 were 22.0%, 37.0%, 45.4%, 85.1%, and 98.2%, respectively. However, the target-achieving rate was
     only 8.2% for anemia patients in non-dialysis CKD and 35.2% for hemodialysis CKD. As a HIF-PHI, Desidustat Tablets
     is administrated orally and has good efficacy, safety and treatment compliance, expected to meet this unmet treatment
     need.


     1.2 Clinical Development Progress of the Innovative Pipeline
     Diazepam Nasal Spray - an innovative drug targeting acute repetitive seizures that is convenient to use
     outside the medical setting with a very rapid onset of action
     Diazepam Nasal Spray is a proprietary formulation of diazepam and was approved for marketing in January 2020 by
     the U.S. FDA under the VALTOCO® brand name for the treatment of intermittent, stereotypic episodes of frequent
     seizure activity (i.e., seizure clusters, acute repetitive seizures) in patients with epilepsy six years of age and older.

     According to the clinical trial notice issued by China NMPA, the Group has been carrying out a comparative
     pharmacokinetics (PK) study in Chinese subjects and will submit a post-marketing study plan to further verify the
     efficacy and safety at the same time of submitting New Drug Application. As at 31 December 2020, the Group has
     completed the dosing and blood sample collection of all subjects of the comparative PK study.




12   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                            (CONTINUED)




According to the estimation based on domestic epidemiological data, there are about 6 million active epilepsy
patients in China and about 0.4 million new cases reported each year. In patients with epilepsy who have received
regular treatment (about 2 million), 20%-30% are still out of effective control and are at risk of repetitive seizures.
Diazepam Nasal Spray’s formulation incorporates the unique combination of a vitamin E-based solvent and Intravail®
absorption enhancement, which help it to obtain unparalleled absorption, tolerability, and reliability. The clinical trials
supporting the U.S. FDA clearance showed that compared with intravenous diazepam, PK studies in the product
in healthy subjects demonstrated 96% absolute bioavailability and comparable bioavailability to rectal diazepam gel
with significantly less variability. Diazepam Nasal Spray will effectively fulfill the market gap and become a long-term
prepared medicine that is easy to use outside the medical setting and has a very rapid onset of action for patients with
acute repetitive seizures.

Cyclosporine Eye Drops 0.09% - a preservative-free, innovative ophthalmic formulation using globally
patented nanotechnology
Cyclosporine Eye Drops 0.09% is a novel, twice-a-day, preservative-free, clear ophthalmic solution using a globally
patented nanotechnology. The product has been approved for marketing in the U.S. under the brand name of
CEQUATM for increasing tear production in patients with keratoconjunctivitis sicca (dry eye), and has also been
approved for commercialization in Australia.

The Group received the clinical trial notice issued by China NMPA in June 2020, which agreed to carry out a
randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multi-center Phase III clinical study on the safety and effectiveness of
Cyclosporine Eye Drops 0.09% for the treatment of dry eye. As at 31 December 2020, the Group has completed the
first subject dosing of this registration trial.

The incidence of dry eye in China is 21%-30%, of which moderate-to-severe patients account for 40% or about 118-
168 million patients. Although various symptom alleviating agents such as artificial tears are available in the market,
there are few satisfactory options in practice. In addition, in terms of ophthalmic cyclosporine, relevant treatment
options are still limited due to the historic challenge of making an optic formulation of this agent at a relatively higher
concentration without increasing side effects. Based on patented nanotechnology, Cyclosporine Eye Drops 0.09%
uses a unique tiny structure called “micelles” as the vehicle to allow for greater tissue penetration with gentle side
effect profile even in a high concentration, and is expected to provide patients with dry eye a safe and effective
treatment option.

Tildrakizumab - a monoclonal antibody specifically targeting IL-23
Tildrakizumab is a humanized lgG1/k monoclonal antibody designed to selectively bind to the p19 subunit of
interleukin-23(IL-23) and inhibit its interaction with the IL-23 receptor, leading to inhibition of the release of pro-
inflammatory cytokines and chemokines. The product has been approved for marketing in the U.S. under the brand
name of ILUMYATM for the treatment of adults with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis who are candidates for
systemic therapy or phototherapy, and it has also been approved for commercialization in Europe, Australia and
Japan.

The Group received the clinical trial notice issued by China NMPA in August 2020, which agreed to carry out a
randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multi-center Phase III clinical trial on the effectiveness and safety of
Tildrakizumab for the treatment of patients among the Chinese population with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
As at 31 December 2020, the Group has completed the first subject dosing of this registration trial.


                                                                               CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          13
                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2020
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     There are more than 6.5 million people suffering from psoriasis in China. About 30% of patients are with moderate-to-
     severe psoriasis; among them, nearly 62% are dissatisfied with existing treatment options. The pivotal Phase III clinical
     trials supporting the U.S. FDA clearance showed that an average of 63% of patients receiving Tildrakizumab achieved
     75% of skin clearance by week 12, and 77% of patients achieved 75% of skin clearance after 28 weeks. In the
     meantime, a higher number of Tildrakizumab-treated patients achieved 90% and 100% of skin clearance compared
     with placebo and Etanercept. Once marketed in China, Tildrakizumab is expected to be a safe, effective and the most
     cost-effective innovative monoclonal antibody targeting IL-23, benefiting more patients and their families in China.


     1.3 List of Equity-invested R&D Companies
     The Group acquires asset rights (including intellectual property rights) or obtains exclusive licensing rights (collectively,
     the “Product Rights”) of innovative products through equity investment and strategic cooperation. For equity
     investments in overseas product projects under clinical stages, to reduce risks assumed and capital spending by the
     Group, Mr. Lam Kong, the chairman of the Board of Directors, an executive director and a controlling shareholder (as
     defined in the Listing Rules of the SEHK (the “Listing Rules”)) of the Company, will typically through his privately-owned
     company make equity investments together with the Group on a 50:50 basis, to assist the Group in securing 100% of
     the Product Rights of innovative products in the relevant territories from potential R&D companies. As at 31 December
     2020, the Group and/or Mr. Lam Kong (through his privately-owned company) have made equity investments in
     certain R&D companies, which are summarized as follows:


                                                  Ownership*            Ownership*           Main Products in Respect of
         Overseas R&D Companies                   Held by the         Held by Mr. Lam        Which the Group Acquired the
                                                    Group                  Kong#                    Product Rights
              Destiny Pharma plc.                     5.77%                 5.77%                         XF-73
                Acticor Biotech                       9.32%                9.32%                         ACT017
         Blueberry Therapeutics Limited              14.06%                14.06%                        BB2603
                  Neurelis, Inc.                      8.01%                12.35%                 Diazepam Nasal Spray
                  Vaximm AG                           4.74%                 4.74%                        VXM01
             Midatech Pharma PLC                      8.24%                 8.24%                        MTX110
                  Gelesis, Inc.                       5.62%                    -                        PLENITY®


     *The above ownership percentages were calculated based on the shares issued by the overseas R&D companies as
     at 31 December 2020
     #
       The interest is held by Mr. Lam Kong through his privately-owned company

     With the continuous expansion of the business, the Group’s risk resistance ability is gradually enhanced. The Board
     of Directors has approved that, starting from 1 January 2021, the equity investments related to overseas products
     under clinical stages will be solely made by the Group, and Mr. Lam Kong will no longer through his privately-owned
     company make equity investments together with the Group on a 50:50 basis.


     2.Competitive Generics
     As at 31 December 2020, the Group had exclusive licenses of 1 complex generic and 10 competitive generics in
     Mainland China and/or HK SAR, Macao SAR and TWN. Among them, 10 generics including the complex generic have
     been approved for marketing in the U.S. or Europe.



14   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                       (CONTINUED)




Complex generics are with high technical barriers and can enhance the accessibility of medicines for patients, while
competitive generics are expected to contribute additional growth for the Group via participating in the National VBP.
According to 2020 IQVIA data, the total sales of drugs with the same active pharmaceutical ingredients (“API”) of the
Group’s generics in Mainland China were more than RMB20 billion.

During the Reporting Period, the Group constantly worked on registration of the generics in China and made the
following progress:


                                                                                                2020 IQVIA Data
                                                                   Registration Progress
          Product                        Indication                                             of Products with
                                                                          in China
                                                                                                 the Same API
                                  Liver or kidney transplant
     Tacrolimus Capsules                                             ANDA Under Review           ~RMB4.3 billion
                                           rejection
    Oxcarbazepine Tablets                 Epilepsy                   ANDA Under Review           ~RMB0.6 billion
                                  Osteoarthritis, acute gouty
      Etoricoxib Tablets                                             ANDA Under Review           ~RMB0.4 billion
                               arthritis, primary dysmenorrhea
    Paliperidone Sustained
                                       Schizophrenia                 ANDA Under Review           ~RMB0.3 billion
        -release Tablets
    Tetrabenazine Tablets           Huntington’s disease                IND Approved             No Relevant Data


3.Existing Products
The Group’s existing products mainly cover four fields, including cardio-cerebrovascular, digestion, ophthalmology and
dermatology. During the Reporting Period, revenues by the product lines were as follows:

•    The products under cardio-cerebrovascular line recorded a revenue of RMB3,150.8 million, an increase of
     18.9% compared with the same period last year. If excluding the effect of the “two-invoice system”, the revenue
     of products under cardio-cerebrovascular line would increase by 16.8% to RMB4,441.0 million compared with
     the same period last year, accounting for 55.8% of the Group’s revenue excluding the effect of the “two-invoice
     system”.
•    The revenue of products under digestion line increased by 18.5% to RMB2,589.2 million compared with the same
     period last year, accounting for 32.5% of the Group of revenue excluding the effect of the “two-invoice system”.
•    The revenue of the product under ophthalmology line increased by 16.3% to RMB299.7 million, compared with
     the same period last year, accounting for 3.8% of the Group’s revenue excluding the effect of the “two-invoice
     system”.
•    The revenue of products under dermatology line increased by 20.3% to RMB219.5 million compared with the
     same period last year, accounting for 2.8% of the Group’s revenue excluding the effect of the “two-invoice
     system”.
•    Other products recorded revenue of RMB686.8 million, a decrease of 14.1% compared with the same period
     last year. If excluding the effect of the “two-invoice system”, the revenue would decrease by 12.9% to RMB408.0
     million compared with the same period last year, accounting for 5.1% of the Group’s revenue excluding the effect
     of the “two-invoice system”.




                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        15
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2020
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     The Group’s major existing products are as follows:


       Product Line              Product                       Indication                      Product Advantage
                                                                                       Calcium Channel Blocker (CCB)
                                   Plendil                                             drug suitable for Chinese patients,
                                                      Hypertension and stable
                           (Felodipine Sustained                                       providing cardio-cerebrovascular
                                                      angina pectoris
                              Release Tablets)                                         protection and high vascular
                                                                                       selectivity

       Cardio-cerebro            XinHuoSu                                              The only Recombinant Human Brain
        vascular Line      (Recombinant Human                                          Natriuretic Peptide (rhBNP) drug
                                                      Acute heart failure
                          Brain Natriuretic Peptide                                    available in China’s market as at 31
                                for Injection)                                         December 2020

                                   Deanxit            Mild-to-moderate                 Ranking the first in the market share
                              (Flupentixol and        depression, anxiety and          of antidepressant drugs in China
                             Melitracen Tablets)      psychosomatic affections         according to 2020 IQVIA data

                                                      Cholesterol gallstones in the    Stably ranking the first in sales
                                  Ursofalk
                                                      gallbladder, cholestatic liver   among products in the Chinese
                           (Ursodeoxycholic Acid
                                                      disease and biliary reflux       cholagogue market according to
                                 Capsules)
                                                      gastritis                        2020 IQVIA data

                                                      Ulcerative colitis, including
                                                      the treatment of acute
                                                      exacerbations and the            Ranking the first in the market share
                                  Salofalk            maintenance treatment to         of inflammatory bowel disorder drugs
                                (Mesalazine)          prevent recurrence, as well      in China according to 2020 IQVIA
                                                      as the treatment of acute        data
                                                      exacerbations of Crohn’s
       Digestion Line                                 disease

                                                                                       Probiotics preparations with
                                                      Diarrhea in adults and
                                  Bioflor                                              abundant evidence-based
                                                      children, as well as diarrhea
                              (Saccharomyces                                           medical evidence and high-level
                                                      symptoms induced by
                             Boulardii Sachets)                                        recommendations from authoritative
                                                      intestinal flora disturbance
                                                                                       Chinese and overseas guidelines

                                                                                       Effective in both stomach and
                                Combizym
                                                      Dyspepsia caused by              intestines, the recommended
                             (Oryz-Aspergillus
                                                      a decrease in digestive          digestive enzyme preparation for the
                          Enzyme and Pancreatin
                                                      enzymes                          replacement therapy of pancreatic
                                 Tablets)
                                                                                       exocrine insufficiency

                            Augentropfen Stulln                                        The representative drug for the
                              Mono Eye Drops                                           treatment of asthenopia and the only
       Ophthalmology                                  Senile macula degeneration
                                 (Esculin and                                          eye drops in China market for the
           Line                                       and all forms of asthenopia
                           Digitalisglycosides Eye                                     treatment of macula degeneration as
                                    Drops)                                             at 31 December 2020

                                                      Blunt traumata with or
                                 Hirudoid             without hematomas, and
        Dermatology                                                                    Repair agent for skin barrier with
                           (Mucopolysaccharide        superficial phlebitis that
           Line                                                                        multiple functions
                            Polysulfate Cream)        cannot be treated by
                                                      compression



16   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                          (CONTINUED)




4.Sales and Promotion Network
The public health event in early 2020 affected everyone’s life and working habits, which also facilitated the rapid
application of the Group’s digital marketing tools (online promotional activities). During the Reporting Period, the
number of innovative online promotion conferences and client coverage increased significantly compared with the
total number of online and offline conferences as well as the client coverage of the same period last year. Being
normalized and diversified, the digital marketing model has further enhanced the operation efficiency of the promotion
system. While widely utilizing the digital promotion, the Group also strengthened the refined management, adopted a
monthly output feedback mode, and built a new management model that is based on goal generation, management
and achievement, to promote the efficient implementation of product promotion strategies. At the same time,
leveraging its well-developed organizational structure and clear departmental positioning, combined with the intelligent
cloud platform, the Group continuously enhanced the compliance management of the promotion system. As at 31
December 2020, the Group’s academic promotion system had around 3,300 professional marketing and promotion
related personnel; and the promotion network covered around 57,000 hospitals and medical institutions in China.
In addition, the Group put more efforts into the retail market during the Reporting Period, continuing to expand and
penetrate the coverage of retail chains and terminal drugstores and strengthening promotion at the terminal market,
which helped to increase the retail market share.

During the Reporting Period, the Group has upgraded the training system of the academic promotion network to
cultivate innovative, academic, compliant and all-round talents for the effective undertaking of the innovative product
development strategy. The comprehensive and multi-dimensional training system with different “Navigation” training
plans has been built for different groups, such as the “On-boarding Training”, “Specialty Training”, “Management
Training”, “Leadership Development”, “Customized Training” and “CMS Internal Trainer”. With the implementation and
continuous improvement of the “Navigation” training plans, the Group’s academic promotion team has further boosted
its competitiveness.


5.Product Manufacturing
The Group has over two decades of experience in pharmaceutical manufacturing, and has established a strict
production quality management system to ensure the standardization and safety of the production. The Group’s
manufacturing sites compliant with Good Manufacturing Practice (“GMP”) are located in Hunan, Hebei and Shenzhen,
occupying a total area of more than 110,000 square meters. The Group has Pharmaceutical Production Licenses
for various dosage forms such as powder, oral solution, small-volume injections, tablets, hard capsules, etc.,
and Production Permits for imported drugs (tablets, powders) sub-packaging. During the Reporting Period, while
completing the production of the existing domestic produced products, the Group also completed the three batches
of preparations production of the innovative drug Desidustat Tablets for clinical trial purpose through technology
transfer, laying the foundation for the completion of the Category 1 new drug’s clinical trial application and the future
localized preparation manufacturing of the product in China.




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          17
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2020
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     II. Healthcare Business
     In 2020, driven by various factors such as the growing demand for health, supporting policies and internet
     technologies, and catalyzed by the COVID-19, China’s healthcare industry has ushered in a golden period for
     development. Capitalizing on its strengths of abundant overseas channel resources, good reputation, mature product
     evaluation system, responsive global supply chain system and strong promotion network, the Group has established
     the cross-border e-commerce business of healthcare products, injecting new impetus for future development.

     Based on cross-border e-commerce platforms, the Group selects global healthcare products according to medical
     concept and high standards to build the new brand “CMS Health”. The Group has formed a systematic product
     screening mechanism with stringent product selection criteria, under which quality health product brands with
     an established history, reputation and brand image in Europe and the U.S. while not yet available in China will be
     chosen. Healthcare products, such as OTC drugs, devices, dietary supplements and foods for special medical
     purposes that meet certain health needs, with unique ingredients, academic value and recognized mechanism, and
     require professional guidance, will be rigorously selected. The Group has cooperated with e-commerce platforms
     and launched “CMS Health Overseas Flagship Stores”, creating the one-stop shopping platform for quality overseas
     healthcare products. On 1 November 2020, “CMS Health Overseas Flagship Stores” have been officially launched on
     JD Worldwide and Youzan Mall. 18 products from 4 well-known European brands have been put on the market as at
     31 December 2020. The Group will continuously introduce more healthcare products, so as to bring consumers a full
     range of health protection and create a more comfortable, better lifestyle.

     As at 31 December 2020, the products available on “CMS Health Overseas Flagship Stores” have covered
     categories such as nourishment, sexual health, household medicine, nutritional supplement, hair care and beauty.
     Specific product information is available at “CMS Health Overseas Flagship Store” (JD Worldwide) https://mall.jd.hk/
     index-10213730.html and “CMS Health Overseas Flagship Store” (Youzan Mall) https://shop90929054.youzan.com.


     Subsequent Events
     Acquisition of a Dermatology Specialty Company Luqa Ventures Co., Limited
     After the Reporting Period, on 1 February 2021, the Group through a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company
     acquired all the issued and outstanding shares of Luqa Ventures Co., Limited (the “Target Company”), a dermatology
     specialty company, from certain third-party sellers (the “Sellers”) (the “Acquisition”). The Target Company has an
     extensive product portfolio of prescription medicines, medical devices, medical aesthetic solutions and skin care
     products, that meets the diversified needs of consumers and provides the market with safe and effective solutions for
     a broad range of skin conditions. As at the date of this Annual Report, the Acquisition has been completed. The Target
     Company became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and the financial results, assets and liabilities of the
     Target Company will be consolidated into the accounts of the Group.




18   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                           (CONTINUED)




The Target Company’s product portfolio will be complementary to the Group’s existing dermatology line products,
and together, they will strengthen and bolster the Group’s medical aesthetic and skin care product portfolio, providing
a significant development opportunity for the Group to advance into the field of medical aesthetic solutions and skin
care. The Group plans to build a comprehensive skin health product matrix consisting of prescription medicines,
medical devices and medical aesthetic solutions and skin care products based on which the Group will develop
its market in the field of skin health. Meanwhile, the Group will leverage on its advantage in its commercialization
capabilities in the Chinese market, a team of experienced professionals and a professional and efficient academic
promotion system to fully exploit the opportunities presented by hospitals, professional medical institutions, online
and offline retail channels to further penetrate the Chinese market, and to raise the market awareness of the products
as well as their brands. Looking forward, the Group will continue to introduce global high-quality products, promote
innovative research on skin lines, explore investment opportunities, develop and build a China’s leading skin health
and high-end medical aesthetic solutions line with first-rate competitiveness, and continue its growth to meet Chinese
consumers’ increasingly diverse health and beauty needs.


Impacts of COVID-19
In 2020, the unexpected COVID-19 pandemic has severely affected people’s lives as well as the social economy. In
early 2020, the Group promptly made a cash donation to Wuhan Charity Federation, and, leveraging the extensive
overseas channel resources and the fast responsive international supply chain system, urgently purchased protection
and pandemic prevention materials globally and donated them to the frontline medical workers, an endeavor in
contributing to the fight against the pandemic. In terms of the business operation, although sales volume of some
of the Group’s products, such as Augentropfen Stulln Mono Eye Drops and Bioflor, have seen negative growth due
to the decline of hospital patient traffic and other factors in the first quarter of 2020; with the gradual control of the
pandemic by the Chinese government, and benefited from the brand and academic advantages of the products, as
well as the wide application of digital marketing tools, Augentropfen Stulln Mono Eye Drops and other products have
turned positive growth in their annual revenue, Bioflor has narrowed its revenue decline for the year, and the Group
has achieved sound growth during the Reporting Period. Meanwhile, reflecting a decrease in the Group’s offline
academic promotion activities as well as the wide application of digital marketing tools (online promotional activities)
due to the impact of the pandemic, excluding the effect of the “two-invoice system”, the Group’s selling expenses as
a percentage of turnover decreased by 0.6 percentage point to 22.1% for the Reporting Period from 22.7% for the
same period last year. Meanwhile, the Group also had a healthy and stable operating cash flow, and there was no
shortage of cash or working capital due to the pandemic during the Reporting Period, as detailed in “Liquidity and
Financial Resources” of “Financial Review”.

If the pandemic continues or gets worse which lead to substantial decline of hospital patient traffic, some of the
Group’s products, such as Augentropfen Stulln Mono Eye Drops and Bioflor, may again experience negative sales
growth. If the pandemic continues or gets worse globally which lead issues such as shutdown of production or
international shipping, there could be delays in the products supply or products shortage for the Group, which may
cause negative growth of the Group’s performance.

The Group will continue to pay close attention to the development of the pandemic, assess the possible impacts, and
deploy measurement in advance to ensure the steady progress of various works.




                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          19
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2020
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     Impacts of Significant Policies with Respect to Pharmaceutical Industry
     In 2020, a number of reform policies were frequently issued in China pharmaceutical industry, and the National Volume
     Based Procurement (“VBP”) remained the most influential one for the operation of pharmaceutical companies. With
     the normalization of the National VBP, the policy will further promote the industrial structure adjustment, creating better
     development opportunities for innovative products. As at 31 December 2020, none of the chemical names of major
     products sold by the Group was included in the National VBP catalog, thus the policy has not negatively affected the
     operation and profitability of the Group during the Reporting Period. In the future, the Group will watch closely the
     number of generics competitors of the Group’s existing products passing the consistency evaluation, and the time
     those generics competitors passing the evaluation, etc. If the Group’s major products are included in the national
     VBP in the future, there will be a negative impact on the revenue of the products, the extent of which will depend on
     detailed rules of the policy at the time of implementation. Meanwhile, the Group will accelerate the clinical development
     and commercialization of innovative products in China, and comprehensively develop new businesses that are immune
     to the National VBP, such as the healthcare business and the medical aesthetic business, so as to offset the potential
     risk of the Group’s original products that may be included into the VBP catalog in the future.


     Future Development
     Adhering to the mission of “offering competitive products and services to meet China’s unmet medical needs” and
     empowered by new products and new businesses, the Group will continue to take the product competence and the
     promotion capability as core driving forces to achieve sustainable and rapid growth.

     • Continuously Making Investment and Deployment of the Innovative Pipeline
     The Group will continue to invest in innovative products with competitive differentiation advantages and good market
     potential based on the actual needs of China’s market to ensure the Group’s sustainable supplies of commercialized
     innovative products in China in the short, medium and long term.

     •    Rapidly Promoting the Clinical Development of Innovative Products and Accelerating the Launching
          Process of Blockbuster Products in China
     While cooperating with CROs, the Group will further expand its clinical development team, integrate the sales and
     promotion network resources, accelerate patient recruitment and enhance the coordination and control of clinical
     projects while ensuring clinical quality, to achieve efficient progress and completion of all the clinical development
     projects.

     •     Constantly Optimizing and Upgrading the Promotion Network to Pave the Way for the Commercialization
           of Innovative Products
     The Group will continue to improve its digital promotion work, refined management and talent training system to
     further boost the competitiveness of the Group’s sales and promotion capabilities while ensuring the stable growth
     of the existing products. Meanwhile, the Group will integrate the channel resources such as hospitals, medical
     institutions, retail and internet to achieve rapid market access and high-speed sales growth of the innovative products
     and promote the rapid development of the new businesses such as the healthcare business.




20   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                         (CONTINUED)




•    Comprehensively Advancing the Deployment of New Businesses Extended from the Group’s Strengths
     to Achieve Diverse Growth
The Group will continue to expand and refine the team of healthcare business, and enrich and broaden the healthcare
product portfolio to achieve the overall expansion of the healthcare business, which will provide new momentum
for the performance growth. Meanwhile, the Group will focus on integrating the resources of the dermatology and
medical aesthetic line and further develop the complete product matrix of prescription drugs, medical devices, medical
aesthetic solutions and skin care products, so at to promote the Group’s in-depth development in the dermatology
and medical aesthetic field.


Financial Review
In reading the following discussion and analysis, please also refer to the audited consolidated financial statements and
notes to the financial statements in the Annual Report.

The Group prepared the consolidated financial statements in accordance with the International Financial Reporting
Standards. The Group’s financial performance is summarized as follows:

Turnover
Turnover increased by 14.4% from RMB6,073.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2019 to RMB6,946.0 million
for the year ended 31 December 2020. Excluding the effect of the “two-invoice system”, turnover increased by
15.4% to RMB7,957.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2020 from RMB6,897.2 million for the year ended 31
December 2019, mainly due to an increase in sales volume.

Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin
Gross profit increased by 12.9% from RMB4,546.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2019 to RMB5,134.2
million for the year ended 31 December 2020; excluding the effect of the “two-invoice system”, gross profit increased
by 16.0% to RMB4,842.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2020 from RMB4,173.3 million for the year ended
31 December 2019, primarily reflecting an increase in turnover. Gross profit margin decreased by 1.0 percentage point
to 73.9% for the year ended 31 December 2020 from 74.9% for the year ended 31 December 2019; excluding the
effect of the “two-invoice system”, gross profit margin increased by 0.4 percentage point to 60.9% for the year ended
31 December 2020 from 60.5% for the year ended 31 December 2019, mainly due to a change in sales weight of
products.

Selling Expenses
Selling expenses increased by 5.9% from RMB1,939.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2019 to RMB2,053.2
million for the year ended 31 December 2020; selling expenses as a percentage of turnover decreased by 2.3
percentage points to 29.6% for the year ended 31 December 2020 from 31.9% for the year ended 31 December
2019. Excluding the effect of the “two-invoice system”, selling expenses as a percentage of turnover decreased by 0.6
percentage point to 22.1% for the year ended 31 December 2020 from 22.7% for the year ended 31 December 2019,
primarily reflecting a decrease in the group’s academic promotion activities through offline mode during the outbreak
of epidemic disease.




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         21
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2020
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     Administrative Expenses
     Administrative expenses increased by 21.8% from RMB206.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2019 to
     RMB251.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2020; administrative expenses as a percentage of turnover
     increased by 0.2 percentage point to 3.6% for the year ended 31 December 2020 from 3.4% for the year ended
     31 December 2019. Excluding the effect of the “two-invoice system”, administrative expenses as a percentage of
     turnover increased by 0.2 percentage point to 3.2% for the year ended 31 December 2020 from 3.0% for the year
     ended 31 December 2019, primarily reflecting an increase in the Group’s maintenance expenses.

     Research and Development Expenditures
     The Group’s research and development expenditures included investments for the continuous expansion of product
     pipelines, expenditures on development, clinical trial and registration of new products, salaries and related expenses
     of staff who were engaged in the aforesaid affairs. Research and development expenditures included the expensed
     research and development expenditures (i.e. research and development expenses) and capital payments (including
     payments for acquisition of equity investments in research and development companies and payment for acquisition
     and development of product rights).

     Total research and development expenditures increased by 35.0% from RMB390.5 million for the year ended 31
     December 2019 to RMB527.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2020. Total research and development
     expenditures as a percentage of turnover for the year ended 31 December 2020 was 7.6%, representing an increase
     of 1.2 percentage points from 6.4% for the year ended 31 December 2019. Excluding the effect of the “two-invoice
     system”, total research and development expenditures as a percentage of turnover increased by 0.9 percentage point
     to 6.6% for the year ended 31 December 2020 from 5.7% for the year ended 31 December 2019, primarily reflecting
     an expansion of product pipelines and an increase in development activities on clinical trial.

     Research and development expenses increased by 47.6% from RMB45.1 million for the year ended 31 December
     2019 to RMB66.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2020. Research and development expenses as a
     percentage of turnover for the year ended 31 December 2020 was 1.0%, representing an increase of 0.3 percentage
     point from 0.7% for the year ended 31 December 2019. Excluding the effect of the “two-invoice system”, research
     and development expenses as a percentage of turnover increased by 0.1 percentage point to 0.8% for the year ended
     31 December 2020 from 0.7% for the year ended 31 December 2019.

     Payments for acquisition of equity investments in research and development companies and payment for acquisition
     and development of product rights (set out in the table below) increased by 33.4% from RMB345.4 million for the year
     ended 31 December 2019 to RMB460.8 million for the year ended 31 December 2020. Such capital payments as a
     percentage of turnover for the year ended 31 December 2020 was 6.6%, representing an increase of 0.9 percentage
     point from 5.7% for the year ended 31 December 2019. Excluding the effect of the “two-invoice system”, such capital
     payments as a percentage of turnover increased by 0.8 percentage point to 5.8% for the year ended 31 December
     2020 from 5.0% for the year ended 31 December 2019.

                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December
                                                                                              2020                 2019
                                                                                           RMB’000              RMB’000
      Payment for acquisition of equity investments
      in research and development companies                                                 156,923               42,510
      Payment for acquisition and development of product rights                             303,863              302,927
                                                                                            460,786              345,437



22   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                              MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                     (CONTINUED)




Other Gains and Losses
Other gains and losses decreased by 199.6% from a gain of RMB73.8 million for the year ended 31 December 2019
to a loss of RMB73.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2020, mainly reflecting impairment losses on goodwill
and intangible assets.

Share of Result of Associates
Share of result of associates increased by 34.6% from RMB114.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2019 to
RMB153.8 million for year ended 31 December 2020, mainly reflecting an increase in profit of the associate Tibet
Pharmaceutical.

Finance Costs
Finance costs decreased by 51.1% from RMB56.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2019 to RMB27.5 million
for the year ended 31 December 2020, mainly reflecting decreases in amount and interest rate of bank borrowings.

Income Tax Expense
Income tax expense decreased by 51.1% from RMB532.0 million for the year ended 31 December 2019 to RMB260.4
million for the year ended 31 December 2020, mainly due to the income tax of a subsidiary of the Group provided at
24% for the year ended 31 December 2019. During the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group completed the
aforesaid income tax filing and its payment, and the income tax overprovision was reversed accordingly. Excluding
the impact on income tax provision and reversal of overprovision, income tax expense increased by 65.0% from
RMB210.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2019 to RMB347.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2020,
mainly reflecting an increase in profit and the effect of the internal reorganization of the Group in 2019.

Profit for the Year
Profit for the year increased by 30.7% from RMB1,955.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2019 to RMB2,555.7
million for the year ended 31 December 2020; excluding the impact of provisions on income tax, impairment for
goodwill and intangible assets, and reversal of income tax overprovision, profit for the year increased by 18.4% to
RMB2,696.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2020 from RMB2,277.1 million for the year ended 31 December
2019, mainly due to the continuous growth in turnover.

Inventories
Inventories decreased by 6.3% from RMB407.1 million as at 31 December 2019 to RMB381.2 million as at 31
December 2020. Average inventory turnover days decreased from 101 days for the year ended 31 December 2019 to
79 days for the year ended 31 December 2020, mainly due to the improvement on stock management efficiency.

Trade Receivables
Trade receivables increased by 4.6% from RMB1,001.9 million as at 31 December 2019 to RMB1,047.9 million as at
31 December 2020. Average trade receivables turnover days decreased to 54 days for the year ended 31 December
2020 from 69 days for the year ended 31 December 2019, mainly due to the strengthened management on trade
receivables.




                                                                          CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED       23
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2020
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     Trade Payables
     Trade payables increased by 206.1% from RMB44.0 million as at 31 December 2019 to RMB134.8 million as at 31
     December 2020, mainly reflecting the difference in time points of purchases. Average trade payables turnover days
     was 18 days for the year ended 31 December 2020, same as 18 days for the year ended 31 December 2019.

     Liquidity and Financial Resources
     As at 31 December 2020, the Group’s bank balances and cash amounted to RMB2,668.4 million while readily
     realizable bank acceptance bills amounted to RMB446.0 million. As at 31 December 2019, the bank balances and
     cash amounted to RMB1,365.0 million while readily realizable bank acceptance bills amounted to RMB414.0 million.

     As at 31 December 2020, the cash and cash equivalents of the Group were mainly denominated in RMB, with small
     amount denominated in United States Dollar (“US$”), Euro (“EUR”), Great Britain Pound (“GBP”), Swiss Franc (“CHF”)
     and Hong Kong Dollars (“HK$”).

     The following table is a summary of our consolidated statements of cash flows:


                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December
                                                                                                2020              2019
                                                                                             RMB’000           RMB’000
      Net cash from operating activities                                                    2,692,027         2,555,119
      Net cash used in investing activities                                                  (353,821)         (309,386)
      Net cash used in financing activities                                                (1,034,556)       (1,695,137)
      Net increase in cash and cash equivalent                                              1,303,650           550,596

      Cash and cash equivalent at beginning of the year                                    1,365,008            815,081
      Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                                   (232)              (669)
      Cash and cash equivalent at end of the year                                          2,668,426          1,365,008


     Net cash from operating activities
     For the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group’s net cash generated from operating activities was RMB2,692.0
     million compared with RMB2,555.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2019, an increase of 5.4% mainly due to
     increases in turnover and cash turnover days.

     Net cash used in investing activities
     For the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group’s net cash used in investing activities was RMB353.8 million
     compared with RMB309.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2019, an increase of 14.4% mainly due to an
     increase in investments concerned with innovative products.

     Net cash used in financing activities
     For the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group’s net cash used in financing activities was RMB1,034.6 million
     compared with RMB1,695.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2019, a decrease of 39.0% mainly due to a
     decrease in repayment of loans.




24   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                        (CONTINUED)




Net Current Assets


                                                                                       As at 31 December
                                                                                          2020            2019
                                                                                      RMB’000          RMB’000
 Current Assets
  Inventories                                                                          381,215              407,058
  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                  3,884                2,736
  Trade receivables                                                                  1,047,948            1,001,862
  Other receivables and prepayments                                                    657,658              583,862
  Tax recoverable                                                                       12,082               10,801
  Derivative financial instruments                                                          49               28,192
  Amount due from an associate                                                         207,271              152,804
  Bank balances and cash                                                             2,668,426            1,365,008
                                                                                     4,978,533            3,552,323
 Current Liabilities
  Trade payables                                                                       134,808               44,040
  Other payables                                                                       484,476              328,756
  Lease liabilities                                                                      7,266                9,388
  Contract liabilities                                                                  14,406               12,939
  Bank borrowings                                                                           10              693,909
  Derivative financial instruments                                                           -                  142
  Deferred consideration payables                                                        2,929               10,744
  Tax payable                                                                          268,068              447,784
                                                                                       911,963            1,547,702

 Net current assets                                                                  4,066,570            2,004,621


The Group’s liquidity requirements will be satisfied by a combination of cash flow generated from operating activities,
long-term bank loans and other financing means, according to the corporate development strategy.

Capital Expenditures
The following table shows the Group’s capital expenditure:


                                                                               For the year ended 31 December
                                                                                         2020              2019
                                                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000
 Deposits for acquisition of intangible assets                                        303,863           302,927
 Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                             37,558            37,546
 Purchase of equity instruments                                                       156,923            42,510
                                                                                      498,344           382,983




                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         25
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2020
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     Capital Structure and Gearing Ratio
     The Company reviews the capital structure on a regular basis, and considers the cost of capital and the risks
     associated with each class of capital, for maximizing the return to shareholders of the Company.

     The following table shows the Group’s debts:


                                                                                        As at 31 December
                                                                                           2020                     2019
                                                                                        RMB’000                  RMB’000
      Interest bearing bank borrowings                                                   587,251                  693,909


     The Group had bank borrowings of RMB587.3 million as at 31 December 2020 (31 December 2019: RMB693.9
     million). During the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group repaid part of bank borrowings. The details of bank
     borrowings are set out in note 28 to the consolidated financial statements.

     As said above, along with the decrease in the Group’s bank borrowings, the Group’s gearing ratio, calculated as bank
     borrowings divided by total assets, decreased by 1.6 percentage points to 4.6% as at 31 December 2020 from 6.2%
     as at 31 December 2019.

     Market Risks
     We are exposed to various types of market risks, including interest rate risks, foreign exchange risks, policy risks
     and inflation risks in the normal course of business. These risks are set out in note 35 to the consolidated financial
     statements.

     The Group is mainly exposed to currency risk of the US$, EUR, GBP, CHF and HK$. For the Group’s subsidiaries in
     China, the conversion of RMB into foreign currencies is subject to the rules and regulations of foreign exchange control
     promulgated by the PRC government. Any significant exchange rate fluctuations of foreign currencies against RMB
     may have a financial impact on the Group. The Group closely monitors the fluctuation of exchange rates and reviews
     the foreign currency risk management strategy from time to time, the management will consider hedging foreign
     currency exposure as appropriate. As at 31 December 2020, the Group had entered into certain foreign currency
     forward contracts to hedge foreign currency risk, for details please refer to note 31 to the consolidated financial
     statements.

     The Group will closely monitor movements of interest rate and foreign currencies market so as to mitigate the
     expected risk on interest rate and foreign currencies.

     Pledge of Assets
     As at 31 December 2020, the Group had pledged property, plant and equipment and leasehold land with net book
     values of approximately RMB65,539,000 and RMB15,506,000, respectively to secure certain bank borrowings and
     general banking facilities granted to the Group.

     Contingent Liabilities
     As at 31 December 2020, the Group had no material contingent liabilities.



26   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                             (CONTINUED)




Loan Agreements with Covenants Relating to Specific Performance of the Controlling Shareholder
(i)  On 20 June 2017, Sky United (as borrower) (the “Borrower”) and the Company (as guarantor) entered into a
    facility agreement (the “Facility Agreement”) with Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited (as original
    lender, mandated lead arranger and bookrunner and agent) in respect of a US$300,000,000 term loan facility (the
    “Facility”) has been made available to the Borrower for a term of 36 months from the first utilization date under the
    Facility Agreement.

       Pursuant to the Facility Agreement, if, among other things, Mr. Lam Kong, the chairman of the Board, an
       executive director and a controlling shareholder of the Company (i) ceases to directly or indirectly own more than
       30% of the total issued shares (of each class) in the Company; or (ii) ceases to directly or indirectly be the single
       largest shareholder in the issued shares (of each class) in the Company, the agent (acting on the instructions of
       the majority lenders under the Facility) may, by not less than 30 days’ notice in advance to the Borrower, cancel
       all commitments under the Facility and declare that all outstanding loans together with accrued interest and all
       other amounts accrued under the Facility will become immediately due and payable. As at 31 December 2020,
       Mr. Lam Kong (directly and indirectly) held approximately 46.04% of the total issued ordinary share capital of the
       Company.

       The loan under the Facility was paid off during the Reporting Period.

(ii)   On 26 March 2020, Sky United (as borrower, the “Borrower”) and the Company (as guarantor) entered into
       a facility agreement (the “Facility Agreement”) with DBS Bank (China) Limited (as lender) in respect of a
       US$50,000,000 term loan facility (the “Facility”) made available to the Borrower for a term of 36 months from the
       first utilization date under the Facility Agreement. On 27 March 2020, Sky United Trading Limited, a wholly-owned
       subsidiary of the Company (as borrower, the “Borrower”) and the Company (as guarantor) entered into a facility
       agreement (the “Facility Agreement”) with Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited (as lender) in respect of
       a US$40,000,000 term loan facility (the “Facility”) made available to the Borrower for a term of 36 months from
       the first utilization date under the Facility Agreement.

       Pursuant to the Facility Agreement, if, among other things, Mr. Lam Kong, the chairman of the Board, an
       executive director and a controlling shareholder (as defined in the Listing Rules of the SEHK) of the Company:
       (i) ceases to directly or indirectly own more than 30% of the total issued shares (of each class) in the Company;
       or (ii)ceases to directly or indirectly be the single largest shareholder in the issued shares (of each class) in the
       Company, the lender may, by not less than 30 days’ notice in advance to the Borrower, cancel all commitments
       under the Facility and declare that all outstanding loans together with accrued interest and all other amounts
       accrued under the Facility will become immediately due and payable. As at 31 December 2020, Mr. Lam Kong
       (directly and indirectly) holds approximately 46.04% of the total issued ordinary share capital of the Company.

Dividend
For the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group paid an interim dividend for 2020 and a final dividend for 2019 of
RMB520.1 million and RMB314.0 million, respectively. For the year ended 31 December 2019, the Group paid an
interim dividend for 2019 and a final dividend for 2018 of RMB467.1 million and RMB355.7 million, respectively.




                                                                                CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          27
                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                              DIRECTORS AND SENIOR
                                                                      MANAGEMENT

     Executive Directors
     Mr. Lam Kong, aged 56, is the Chairman, Chief Executive and President of the Group and was appointed as an
     executive Director on 18 December 2006. Mr. Lam is responsible for the creation, implementation and management
     of the Group’s development and growth strategy. Mr. Lam possesses clinical experience and has many years of
     extensive experience in marketing, promotion, sales and other value-added services for pharmaceutical products in
     China. He received his bachelor’s degree in medicine from Zhanjiang Medical College in 1986, which was renamed
     Guangdong Medical University. Mr. Lam is a member of the Nomination Committee of the Company and the sole
     director of Treasure Sea Limited, the controlling shareholder of the Company.

     Mr. Lam is the controlling shareholder of the Company and is interested or deemed to be interested in the Shares and
     underlying Shares of the Company for the purpose of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (“SFO”), the
     details of which are set out on page 35 of this annual report.

     Mr. Chen Hongbing, aged 54, is the Chief Operating Officer and Vice-president of the Group and was appointed as
     an executive Director on 18 December 2006. He joined the Group in 1995 and has remained with the Group since
     then. Mr. Chen is responsible for the business operation of the Group, including sales, marketing, human resource,
     product manufacturing management and supply chain management, etc. He had acquired about 4 years’ public
     hospital doctor experience as a doctor with Nanjing Gulou Hospital from 1990 to 1994 prior to joining the Group
     in 1995. He received his bachelor’s degree in clinical medicine from Nanjing Medical College in 1990, which was
     renamed Nanjing Medical University.

     Mr. Chen is the sole director of Viewell Limited (a shareholder of the Company) and is interested or deemed to be
     interested in the Shares and underlying Shares of the Company for the purpose of Part XV of SFO, the details of which
     are set out on page 35 of this annual report.

     Ms. Chen Yanling （former Chinese name as 陳艷玲）, aged 50, is the Chief Financial Officer and Vice-president of
     the Group and was appointed as an executive Director on 18 December 2006. She joined the Group in 1995 and has
     remained with the Group since then. Ms. Chen is responsible for the Group’s finance, accounting, investor relations,
     government affairs and administration management. She holds an EMBA degree and is a senior accountant with
     extensive experience in financial management. From 2012 to 2018, Ms. Chen was awarded the “Best CFO” by the
     Institutional Investor Magazine for seven consecutive years. Ms. Chen is the chairman of the Environmental, Social and
     Governance Committee of the Company.

     Ms. Chen is interested or deemed to be interested in the Shares and underlying Shares of the Company for the
     purpose of Part XV of SFO, the details of which are set out on page 35 of this annual report.




28   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                                    DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
                                                                                                        (CONTINUED)




Independent Non-Executive Directors
Mr. Wu Chi Keung, aged 64, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on 25 June 2010. Mr. Wu
has more than 30 years of experience in financial audit and specializes in providing auditing and assurance services,
financial due diligence reviews, support services for merger and acquisitions, corporate restructuring and fund-raising
engagements. Mr. Wu was a partner of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu until he left in December 2008. Mr. Wu is currently a
managing director of a family-owned private company engaging in property and other investment activities. He is also
an independent non-executive director of Jinchuan Group International Resources Co., Ltd (a company listed on the
Stock Exchange with stock code: 2362), Central Development Holdings Limited (formerly known as Zhong Fa Zhan
Holdings Limited, a company listed on the Stock Exchange with stock code: 475), Huabao International Holdings
Limited (a company listed on the Stock Exchange with stock code: 336), Huajin International Holdings Limited (a
company listed on the Stock Exchange with stock code: 2738) and Zhou Hei Ya International Holdings Company
Limited (a company listed on the Stock Exchange with stock code: 1458). Mr. Wu was an independent non-executive
director of YuanShengTai Dairy Farm Limited (a company listed on the Stock Exchange with stock code: 1431) from 7
November 2013 to 28 September 2018.

Mr. Wu is an associate of Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and a fellow of Association of Chartered
Certified Accountants in the United Kingdom. Mr. Wu graduated from the Hong Kong Polytechnic (now known as the
Hong Kong Polytechnic University) in 1980 with a high diploma in accountancy. Mr. Wu is the chairman of the Audit
Committee, a member of the Remuneration Committee, a member of the Nomination Committee and a member of
the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee of the Company.

Mr. Leung Chong Shun, aged 55, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on 13 December 2017.
Mr. Leung became a practicing lawyer since 1991 and was the chief representative of Woo Kwan Lee & Lo Beijing
Office. He is currently a partner of Woo Kwan Lee & Lo. Mr. Leung is familiar with corporate finance, M&A and IPO
legal services and has been involved in various listing and acquisition transactions of Chinese H-share companies and
red chip companies. Mr. Leung is currently a China-Appointed Attesting Officer appointed by the Ministry of Justice
of the PRC. Mr. Leung was an independent non-executive director of China Communications Construction Company
Limited (a company listed on the Stock Exchange with stock code: 01800) from January 2011 to November 2017 and
China National Materials Company Limited (the listing with stock code: 01893 was withdrawn on the Stock Exchange)
from July 2007 to April 2018. He is currently an independent non-executive director of SSY Group Limited (a company
listed on the Stock Exchange with stock code: 02005), China Coal Energy Company Limited (a company listed on the
Stock Exchange with stock code: 01898) and Min Xin Holdings Limited (a company listed on the Stock Exchange with
stock code: 00222).

Mr. Leung graduated from the University of Hong Kong in 1988 and obtained a bachelor’s degree in laws with honors.
He is qualified as a solicitor in Hong Kong and England. Mr. Leung is the chairman of the Remuneration Committee, a
member of the Audit Committee, a member of the Nomination Committee and a member of the Environmental, Social
and Governance Committee of the Company.




                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         29
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2020
     DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
     (CONTINUED)




     Ms. Luo, Laura Ying (formerly known as Ying Luo), aged 55, was appointed as an independent non-executive
     Director on 31 March 2020. Ms. Luo has 25 years of investment experience. She currently works as a consultant to
     GL China Equity HK Management Limited and previously has worked for GL Capital Management Limited. Ms. Luo is
     an independent non-executive director of Central China New Life Limited (a company listed on the Stock Exchange
     with stock code: 9983). Ms. Luo was a managing director and head of Hong Kong China Equities at Barings Asset
     Management (Asia) Limited from 2013 to 2019. Her overall responsibilities included managing a team of investment
     managers and research analysts, as well as managing a range of Hong Kong and China equity strategies, including
     Barings’ flagship Hong Kong China Fund, China A-share fund and some institutional mandates. Before joining Barings
     Asset Management (Asia) Limited, Ms. Luo worked for Schroder Investment Management (HK) Limited for over
     12 years. Since 2002, Ms. Luo had been a lead manager on several Greater China equity mandates, including the
     Schroder International Selection Fund - China Opportunities, which she managed since its launch in 2006. Prior to
     Schroder Investment Management (HK) Limited, Ms. Luo had worked at SG Securities as head of China Research and
     Strategist, as well as at Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs (Asia) LLC, Hong Kong as an equity research analyst.

     Ms. Luo obtained her Bachelor of Arts in International Economics from Peking University in 1987 and Master of
     Business Administration from the University of Toronto in 1991. She is a Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) and
     Chartered Professional Accountant (CPA) (Canada) charterholder. Ms. Luo is the chairman of the Nomination
     Committee, a member of the Audit Committee and a member of the Remuneration Committee of the Company.


     Company Secretary
     Ms. Wu Sanyan, aged 39, joined the Group in 2009 and currently holds the position of Company Secretary and
     Director of the Legal Department of the Group. Ms. Wu is primarily responsible for overseeing the legal and regulatory
     compliance matters of the Group (including compliance with the Listing Rules). The responsibilities of Ms. Wu since her
     joining the Group include advising on compliance of laws and regulations applicable to the Group (including the Listing
     Rules). Ms. Wu obtained a double bachelor’s degree in history and law in 2004, and a master’s degree in international
     law in 2008, both from Wuhan University. During the Reporting Period, Ms. Wu received professional training for no
     less than 15 hours to promote her skill and knowledge.




30   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
DIRECTORS’ REPORT


The Board of the Company is pleased to present the “Directors’ Report” and audited consolidated financial statements
of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2020.


Principal Activities
The Company is a holding company, the subsidiaries’ principal activities are set out in note 41 to the consolidated
financial statements.


Results
The results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2020 are set out in the consolidated statement of profit or
loss and other comprehensive income on page 108.


Business Review
Business review of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2020 can be found in the section headed “Management
Discussion and Analysis” of this Annual Report, the discussion of which forms part of this “Directors’ Report”.


Reserves
Movements in reserves for the year ended 31 December 2020 are set out in the consolidated statement of changes in
equity on page 111 and note 33 to the consolidated financial statements.


Distributable Reserves
As at 31 December 2020, the Company had distributable reserves of RMB4,738.6 million available for distribution to
the shareholders.


Property, Plant and Equipment
Details of changes in property, plant and equipment of the Group are set out in note 14 to the consolidated financial
statements.


Share Capital
Movements in the share capital of the Company are set out in note 32 to the consolidated financial statements.


Final Dividend
The Board is pleased to recommend a final dividend of RMB0.2033 (equivalent to HK$0.243) per Share for the year
ended 31 December 2020 to shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company after
market closes on Friday, 30 April 2021. The register of members of the Company will be closed on Monday, 3 May
2021. The final dividend will be paid to shareholders on about Monday, 10 May 2021 after the shareholders’ approval
at the annual general meeting scheduled for Tuesday, 27 April 2021 (the “AGM”).

                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        31
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2020
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     Dividend Policy
     The Board has adopted a dividend policy (the “Dividend Policy”). Under the Dividend Policy, the Company does not
     have any pre-determined dividend payout ratio. Although the Company intends to declare and pay dividends in the
     future, the declaration, payment and amount of any dividends are subject to the Board’s discretion having regard to
     the following factors: (a) the Group’s actual and expected financial performance; (b) the Group’s expected working
     capital requirements and future development plans; (c) the Group’s liquidity position; (d) the economic outlook; (e)
     contractual restrictions or obligations; (f) shareholders’ interests; and (g) any other factors the Board may consider
     relevant.

     Such payment of the dividend by the Company is also subject to any restrictions under any applicable laws, rules and
     regulations and the Company’s Articles of Association (the “Articles of Association”). The Company endeavors to strike
     a balance between the shareholders’ interest and prudent capital management with a sustainable dividend policy. The
     Board will continually review the Dividend Policy and reserves the right in its sole and absolute discretion to update,
     amend and/or modify the Dividend Policy at any time as the Board deems fit and necessary. There is no assurance
     that the Company will pay dividends in any particular amount for any given period.


     Pre-emptive Rights
     There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under Articles of Association or the laws of the Cayman Islands which
     oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro-rata basis to the existing shareholders.


     Purchase, Sale or Redemption of the Company’s Listed Securities
     For the year ended 31 December 2020, the Company repurchased an aggregate of 9,648,000 ordinary shares with a
     nominal value of US$0.005 each on the Stock Exchange at an aggregate consideration of HK$98,164,100. All of the
     purchased shares were cancelled on 30 March 2020. The Board believes that given the current financial resources of
     the Company, the share repurchase would not affect the Company’s solid financial position in any material respect,
     and it would lead to an enhancement of the net asset value per share and/or earnings per share, which is in the
     interest of the shareholders as a whole.

     Details of the repurchase are as follows:


                                                                Price per Share (HK$)                    Aggregate
           Month of            Number of Shares
                                                                                                        Consideration
          Repurchase            Repurchased*             Highest Price           Lowest Price            Paid (HK$)
         February 2020              9,648,000                10.30                   10.04               98,164,100
              Total                 9,648,000                   -                      -                  98,164,100


     Save as disclosed above, none of the Company or any of its subsidiaries has purchased, sold or redeemed any of the
     listed securities of the Company during the Reporting Period.




32   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                                                              DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                                                                                                           (CONTINUED)




Directors
The Directors of the Company during the year and up to the date of this Report were:
Executive Directors:
Mr. LAM Kong (Chairman and Chief Executive)
Mr. CHEN Hongbing (Chief Operating Officer, Vice President)
Ms. CHEN Yanling (Chief Financial Officer, Vice President)


Independent Non-Executive Directors:
Mr. CHEUNG Kam Shing, Terry (resigned on 31 March 2020)
Mr. WU Chi Keung
Mr. LEUNG Chong Shun
Ms. LUO, Laura Ying (appointed on 31 March 2020)

Pursuant to Article 16.18 of the Articles of Association, at every annual general meeting of the Company, one-third
of the Directors for the time being (or, if their number is not three or a multiple of three, then the number nearest to,
but not less than, one-third) shall retire from office by rotation provided that every Director (including those appointed
for a specific term) shall be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years. Any Director appointed
pursuant to Article 16.2 or Article 16.3 shall not be taken into account in determining which Directors are to retire by
rotation. A retiring Director shall be eligible for re-election. Accordingly, Ms. Chen Yanling, Mr. Leung Chong Shun and
Ms. Luo, Laura Ying will retire from their offices at the AGM and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-election at the
AGM.

At the AGM, separate ordinary resolutions will be proposed for each of the re-elections of Ms. Chen Yanling, Mr. Leung
Chong Shun and Ms. Luo, Laura Ying. Details of these retiring Directors will be set out in the circular expected to be
issued by the Company on 24 March 2021.


Annual Confirmation of Independence
The Company has received from each independent non-executive Director an annual confirmation of his
independence, and the Company considers such Directors to be independent in accordance with each and every
guideline set out in rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules.




                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          33
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2020
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     Biographical Details of the Directors and the Senior Management
     The biographical details of the Directors and the senior management are set out on pages 28 to 30 of this Annual
     Report.


     Directors’ Service Contracts
     Each of the Directors of the Company has respectively entered into an appointment letter with the Company, and all
     the executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors were appointed for a three-year and one-year term,
     respectively. Their appointments are subject to retirement from office by rotation and re-election in accordance with the
     relevant terms of the Articles of Association. Save as disclosed above, none of the Directors has entered or intended
     to enter into any service contracts which cannot be determinable by the Company or any of its subsidiaries within one
     year without payment of compensation (except for statutory compensation).


     Management Contracts
     No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of
     the Company were entered into or existed during the Reporting Period.


     Employee Benefit Scheme
     During the Reporting Period, approved by the Benefit Scheme Executive Committee of the Company, there were 4
     employees participating in the CMS Key Employee Benefit Scheme. Details of the Employee Benefit Scheme are set
     out in note 40 to the consolidated financial statements.


     Directors’ interests in Transactions, Arrangements or Contracts of
     Significance
     During the Reporting Period and as at 31 December 2020, none of the Directors had a material interest, whether
     directly or indirectly, in any transaction, arrangement or contract which is significant to the business of the Group to
     which is the Company or its holding company or any of its subsidiaries was a party.




34   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                                                                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                                                                                                                (CONTINUED)




Directors’ and Chief Executive’s Interests and Short Positions in Shares,
Underlying Shares and Debentures of the Company and Its Associated
Corporations
As at 31 December 2020, the interests or short positions of the Directors and Chief Executive in the shares, underlying
shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of SFO)
which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, or as
otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange, pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions
by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) as set out in Appendix 10 of the Listing Rules were as follows:


                                                                                          Class of Shares      Approximate
         Name of               Name of                                                   and Total Number     Percentage of
                                                          Nature of Interest
         Directors           Corporations                                                 of Shares Held      Interest in the
                                                                                              (Note 1)          Company
                                                                                          1,137,564,000 (L)
     Mr. Lam Kong            The Company           Interest in controlled corporation                            46.04%
                                                                                              (Note 2)
                                                           Beneficial owner                20,038,225 (L)         0.81%
 Mr. Chen Hongbing           The Company                                                   50,225,000 (L)
                                                   Interest in controlled corporation                             2.03%
                                                                                              (Note 3)
   Ms. Chen Yanling          The Company                   Beneficial owner                 7,246,250(L)          0.29%


Notes:
1. The letter “L” denotes long positions in the Shares.
2. These Shares are held by Mr. Lam Kong through Treasure Sea Limited, a company wholly owned by him.
3. These Shares are held by Mr. Chen Hongbing through Viewell Limited, a company wholly owned by him.



Directors’ Right to Acquire Shares or Debentures
At no time during the Reporting Period were rights to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in or
debentures of the Company granted to any Director or their respective spouses or minor children, or were any such
rights exercised by them; nor was the Company or any of its subsidiaries a party to any arrangements to enable the
Directors, their respective spouses or minor children to acquire such rights in any other body corporate.


Substantial Shareholders’ Interests and Short Positions in Shares,
Underlying Shares and Debentures of the Company and Its Associated
Corporations
Saved as disclosed, as at 31 December 2020, the Directors were not aware of any other person (other than the
Directors or the Chief Executive of the Company) who held interests and short positions in the shares or underlying
shares or debentures of the Company which would have to be disclosed to the Company and the Stock Exchange
pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or were recorded in the register required to be kept by the
Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.


                                                                                        CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED   35
                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2020
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     Connected Transactions
     During the Reporting Period, there were no connected transactions or continuing connected transactions of
     the Company which are subject to any of the reporting, announcement or independent shareholders’ approval
     requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

     Details of the related party transactions of the Group during the Reporting Period are set out in note 38 and 40 to
     the consolidated financial statements in this annual report. These related party transactions either fall outside the
     definitions of “connected transaction” or “continuing connected transaction” in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules or
     are “connected transactions” fully exempt from the reporting, announcement and independent shareholders’ approval
     requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


     Employees
     As at 31 December 2020, the Group had 4,372 employees. The Group has initiated organizational reform and
     speeded up the cultivation and recruitment of talents by optimizing the current human resources and innovating
     management to enhance the development of the Group. The Group has adopted a series of measures to facilitate
     employees’ work efficiency and regularly assesses their performance. The Group provides employees with competitive
     compensation packages including salaries, bonuses, insurance and benefits. Salaries and bonuses are based on
     employees’ performance and are measured against specific objective criteria. Additionally, the Group is committed
     to providing equal opportunities to all employees in all respects, and has made efforts in employees’ continuing
     education and training programs to continuously enhance their knowledge, skills and team spirit.


     Directors’ and Management’s Emoluments
     The remuneration committee determines and proposes to the Board (as the case may be) on the remuneration
     and other benefits payable to the Directors and Management. The committee, on a routine basis, supervises the
     remuneration of all Directors and Management to ensure that their remuneration and compensation are appropriate
     and reasonable. The Group adopts competitive remuneration packages with reference to the industry standard and in
     the light of the business advancement of the Group, and determines remuneration of the Directors and Management
     after taking into account their qualifications, experience and contributions, so as to attract and retain its Directors and
     Management.

     Particulars of directors’ emoluments and the five highest paid individuals of the Group are set out in note 8 and note 9
     to the consolidated financial statements, respectively.

     For the year ended 31 December 2020, emoluments of Company Secretary Ms. Wu Sanyan were between
     HK$500,000 and HK$1,000,000.




36   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                                                          DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                                                                                                      (CONTINUED)




Key Relationship with Employees, Customers and Suppliers
The Company maintains good relationships with its employees by taking all practicable measures, including but not
limited to improving, reviewing and updating its policies on remuneration and benefits, training, occupational health
and safety, to ensure that all the staff are reasonably remunerated.

The Company has good relationships with its customers and is always improving the communication mechanism with
customers to ensure all complaints or feedback from customers can be fed to the Company a timely manner and the
customers can receive service of high quality.

The Company maintains long-term good cooperation with domestic and overseas suppliers, which are reputable in
the industry.


Environmental Policies and Performance
The Group has strictly enforced the Environmental Protection Law of the People’s Republic of China (《 中 華 人 民
共和國環境保護法》), Law of the People’s Republic of China on Prevention and Control of Water Pollution (《中華
人 民 共 和 國 水 污 染 防 治 法》), Law of the People’s Republic of China on Prevention and Control of Environmental
Noise Pollution (《 中 華 人 民 共 和 國 環 境 噪 音 污 染 防 治 法》), and other applicable laws and regulations related to
environmental matters. The Group rigorously guards against environmental risk accidents in business management
and production processes, and has set up environmental management organizations, assigned full-time environmental
management personnel, established and improved the environmental management system, and developed the
comprehensive risk-defensive measure and emergency plan for accidents. We also require our suppliers to operate
in strict compliance with the pertinent environmental regulations and rules and obtain all necessary permission and
approval from the relevant government authorities.


Compliance with Laws and Regulations
During the Reporting Period, the Group had complied with the relevant laws and regulations that have a significant
impact on the operations of the Group.


Principal Risks and Uncertainties
There are a number of risks and uncertainties which may affect the performance and operation of the Group. The
following is a summary of principal risks and uncertainties identified by the Company:




                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        37
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2020
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     Compliance with GMP and GSP Standards
     In accordance with applicable laws and regulations, certain subsidiaries of the Company are required to comply
     with Good Manufacturing Practice (“GMP”) standards and Good Supplying Practice (“GSP”) standards constantly
     and strictly. The Group has established a sound quality management system for the production and operation of
     pharmaceuticals, and accepts continuous supervision and inspection by regulatory authorities to ensure compliance
     with current GMP and GSP standards. In the event that those subsidiaries fail to strictly comply with the requirements
     of GMP and/or GSP standards and are penalized by the regulatory authorities, the Group’s business may still be
     largely and adversely affected after taking related remedies.


     Product Liability
     As insurance is not mandatorily required, the Group has not covered valid product liability insurance in respect of
     the manufacture and distribution of pharmaceutical products in the PRC. In the event of any product liability claim
     or proceedings pertaining to the products of the Group, which could not be solved through negotiation or any other
     ways, the Group may suffer material cost and damage to its relationship with customers.


     Healthcare Reform in China
     The government regulation and governance over the healthcare system in the PRC is undergoing a crucial reform
     period, where (i) the applicable laws, regulations and policies pertaining to the healthcare, medical and pharmaceutical
     industry are constantly evolving, and (ii) governmental authorities in the PRC may regularly or unexpectedly amend their
     implementation practices. Enforcement action taken by the government against the Group may affect us materially
     and adversely. Significant adverse consequences maybe therefore incurred if our Group did not optimize its strategy
     to adapt to the variation of the Chinese medical system in time. Moreover, the scope and the extent of application of
     the government regulation and governance are continually changing, which leads to more risks and uncertainties in
     respect of the performance and operation of the Group.


     Tender and Price Control
     The Company and its subsidiaries have to participate in a government-led tender process every year or every few
     years. Any failure in bidding in a provincial tender process will affect the Group to sell products in such province.
     Moreover, the product price, our market share, revenue and profitability may be affected due to certain new methods
     adopted in the provincial tender process.




38   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                                                              DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                                                                                                           (CONTINUED)




R&D, Regulatory Approval and Commercialization of Innovative Patented Products
The successful development of innovative patented products, the obtaining of regulatory approval and the realization
of commercialization are affected by a number of factors. These include but not limited to the sufficiency of
resources to acquire or discover more drug candidates, the pre-clinical studies and clinical trial delays or failures, the
uncertainties of the time that the approval process takes and the regulatory approval process, and, if the regulatory
approval is obtained, whether the products can be promoted successfully and their acceptance by the market. If
the R&D of innovative patented products fails, no regulatory approval is obtained or market acceptance is weak, the
Group’s future development may be affected adversely.

There may be other principal risks and uncertainties that are not known to the Company or may not be material now
but could turn out to be material in the future.


Major Customers and Suppliers
For the year ended 31 December 2020, the percentage of sales to the Group’s five largest customers was
approximately 28.7% of the Group’s total sales, and sales to the top customer accounted for approximately 8.8% of
the total sales.

For the year ended 31 December 2020, the percentage of purchases from the Group’s five largest suppliers was
approximately 88.8% of the Group’s total purchases, and purchase from the top supplier accounted for approximately
30.4% of the total purchases.

Except as disclosed in note 38 to the consolidated financial statement, none of the Group’s directors, their close
associates or shareholders had an interest in the Group’s suppliers or customers.


Corporate Governance
A report for the corporate governance principles and practices adopted by the Company is set out on pages 42 to 52
of this Annual Report.


Sufficiency of Public Float
According to the publicly available information and as far as the Directors were aware of, as at the date of this Annual
Report, there was a sufficient public float of the Company’s issued shares as required under the Listing Rules.




                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          39
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2020
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     Non-competition and Indemnity Agreements
     The Company entered into a deed of non-competition with Mr. Lam Kong and his wholly owned company registered
     in the British Virgin Islands - Treasure Sea Limited (“Treasure Sea”) on 14 September 2010 (the “Non-competition
     Deed”). Mr. Lam Kong and Treasure Sea jointly undertook not to carry on businesses that are in competition with the
     business of the Group.

     Mr. Lam Kong and Treasure Sea stated that they had complied with the relevant clauses of the Non-competition Deed,
     and did not engage in businesses that are in competition or may compete with the businesses of the Group, and also
     did not directly or indirectly hold any business interest that is in competition with the businesses of the Group during
     the Reporting Period.

     The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the compliance of the Non-competition Deed by Mr. Lam
     Kong and Treasure Sea during the Reporting Period, and reviewed the relevant business information provided by the
     Group. The independent non-executive Directors were of the opinion that Mr. Lam Kong and Treasure Sea complied
     with the relevant terms of the Non-competition Deed during the Reporting Period and did not cause any competition
     with the Group. The Board of Directors operated and managed the Group’s businesses independently in the interests
     of the Company and its shareholders as a whole.


     Donation
     During the Reporting Period, the Group had made donations of RMB18.8 million for charitable and other purposes,
     please refer to Community Dedication on page 94 for details.


     Permitted Indemnity Provision
     According to the Articles of Association, among others, every Director, auditor or other officer of the Company shall be
     entitled to be indemnified out of the assets of the Company against all losses or liabilities incurred or sustained by him
     as a Director, auditor or other officer of the Company in defending any proceedings, whether civil or criminal, in which
     judgment is given in his favor, or in which he is acquitted.

     Appropriate insurance coverage for the Directors’ and senior management’s liabilities in respect of legal actions
     against the Directors and senior management of the Company arising out of corporate activities of the Group has
     been arranged by the Company.


     Equity-Linked Agreements
     The Company has not entered into any equity-linked agreement during the year ended 31 December 2020.




40   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                                                          DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                                                                                                      (CONTINUED)




Compliance with the Corporate Governance Code
The Company has complied with the applicable principles and code provisions of the applicable Corporate
Governance Code (“CG Code”) as set out in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules from 1 January 2020 to 31 December
2020, except for a deviation from the Code Provision A.2.1 in respect of the roles of Chairman and Chief Executive
which shall not be performed by the same individual. The details of the Company’s compliance with the CG Code are
set out on pages 42 to 52 of this Annual Report.


Competing Interests
None of the Directors or management and their respective associates (as defined in the Listing Rules) has an interest
in a business which competes or may compete with the businesses of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or has
any other conflict of interest with the Company during the Reporting Period.


Audit Committee
The details of the Audit Committee are set out on page 46 of the Corporate Governance Report of this Annual Report.


Auditors

The Company has appointed Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as auditors since the listing of the Company on the Main
Board of the Stock Exchange on 28 September 2010. The financial statements in the Annual Report for the year have
been audited by Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu. A resolution will be submitted at the AGM of the Company to re-appoint
Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as auditor of the Company.




                                                                                     By order of the Board
                                                                            China Medical System Holdings Limited
                                                                                          Lam Kong
                                                                                           Chairman




Hong Kong, 16 March 2021




                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        41
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                   Corporate Governance Report


     Corporate Governance Report
     The Company is committed to upholding high standards of corporate governance and has adopted sound
     governance and disclosure practices. The Company believes that continuously improving corporate governance can
     increase the Group’s accountability and transparency so as to maximize the long-term level shareholder value.


     Corporate Governance Practices
     The Company has complied with the applicable principles and code provisions of the revised CG Code as set out in
     Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020, except for a deviation from the Code
     Provision A.2.1 in respect of the roles of Chairman and Chief Executive which shall not be performed by the same
     individual.

     Mr. Lam Kong has been both the Chairman and Chief Executive of the Company and his responsibilities are clearly set
     out in writing and approved by the Board. Given the Group’s current stage of development, the Board considers that
     vesting the roles of Chairman and Chief Executive in the same person facilitates the execution of the Group’s business
     strategies and maximizes effectiveness of its operations. The Board shall nevertheless review the structure from time
     to time and shall consider any appropriate adjustments should new circumstances arise.


     Directors’ Securities Transactions
     The Company adopted the Model Code as the code of conduct for Directors’ securities transactions. Having made
     specific inquiries of all Directors in relation to the compliance with the Model Code for securities transactions by
     Directors, the Company confirmed that all the Directors have complied with the relevant standards for securities
     transactions by directors set out in the Model Code for the year ended 31 December 2020. The Model Code also
     applies to other specified senior management of the Company.

     Employees who are likely to be in possession of unpublished price-sensitive information about the Company are also
     subject to compliance with guidelines on no less exacting terms than the Model Code. No incident of non-compliance
     with the guidelines by such employees was noted by the Company in the Reporting Period.


     Operation of the Board
     In accordance with good corporate governance principles, the Board convened regular meetings in accordance with
     statutory procedures, and complied strictly with the applicable laws, regulations and the Articles of Association in the
     exercise of its authority, with an emphasis on protecting the interests of the Company and its shareholders as a whole.




42   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                                            CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                                                                                            (CONTINUED)




The role and responsibilities of the Board broadly cover reviewing and approving corporate mission and broad
strategies; overseeing and evaluating the conduct of the Group’s businesses; identifying principal risks and ensuring
the implementation of appropriate measures and control systems to manage these risks; and reviewing and approving
important matters such as financial results, investments and divestments and other material transactions. All Directors
and Board Committees have access to external legal counsel and other professionals for independent advice to better
perform their duties at the Group’s expense if necessary.

The Board has performed the strategic decision-making function in accordance with the long-term interest of the
Group as well as the interest of shareholders and relevant parties, and has been subject to effective supervision and
assessment in maintaining corporate resources and conducting operation management. The Board is responsible for
making effective incentives and constraints for the management when duly delegating powers to them. Meanwhile,
as the core of the Company’s corporate governance framework, the Board has clearly separated its functions and
duties from that of the management. Differentiating itself from the functions and duties of the Board, the specific
responsibilities and duties of the management of the Company are inclusive of running the Company’s day-to-
day business; drafting and proposing the Company’s annual business plan and investment plan; working out the
human resource policy and arranging an appropriate organizational structure of the Company; drafting plans for the
establishment of the Company’s branch offices; creating and upgrading the Company’s basic internal management
system and mandates for Company management; within the authority delegated by the Board, appointing, changing
or recommending shareholder representatives, directors and supervisors in its holding subsidiary or joint stock
subsidiary; and other powers delegated by the Board.

The Company has established four committees, namely, the Audit Committee, the Nomination Committee, the
Remuneration Committee and the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee, which mainly comprise
independent non-executive Directors and are responsible for overseeing particular aspects of the Group’s business
and providing the Group with recommendations for improvements. Please see below for the work scope of these
committees. The Board has delegated the responsibilities of the day-to-day management and operation of the Group’s
businesses to the management of the Company and its subsidiaries.


Composition of the Board
As at the date of this Annual Report, the Board consists of six Directors, including three executive Directors, namely
Mr. Lam Kong, Mr. Chen Hongbing and Ms. Chen Yanling; three independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr.
Wu Chi Keung, Mr. Leung Chong Shun and Ms. Luo, Laura Ying. Biographical details of the Directors are set out on
pages 28 to 30 of this Annual Report. Save as disclosed in the section headed “Directors and Senior Management”
of this annual report, none of the Directors has any financial, business, family or other material or relevant relationships
among members of the Board.




                                                                               CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           43
                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2020
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     Board Attendances and Time Commitment
     During the Reporting Period, the Company held seven Board meetings and one annual general meeting. The following
     is the attendance record of the Directors at such meetings held during the Reporting Period.


                                                                                                  Attendance Rate
      Name                                    Title                                                          annual general
                                                                                         Board Meeting
                                                                                                                meeting
      Mr. Lam Kong                            Chairman and Chief Executive                     7/7                  1/1
      Mr. Chen Hongbing                       Chief Operating Officer, Vice President          7/7                  1/1
      Ms. Chen Yanling                        Chief Financial Officer, Vice President          7/7                  1/1
      Mr. Cheung Kam Shing, Terry*            Independent Non- Executive Director              4/4                 N/A
      Mr. Wu Chi Keung                        Independent Non- Executive Director              7/7                  1/1
      Mr. Leung Chong Shun                    Independent Non- Executive Director              7/7                  1/1
      Ms. Luo, Laura Ying*                    Independent Non- Executive Director              3/3                  1/1


     *Note：
     1. Mr. Cheung Kam Shing, Terry resigned on 31 March 2020.
     2. Ms. Luo, Laura Ying was appointed on 31 March 2020.


     Upon reviewing (i) the annual confirmation of the time commitment given by each Director; (ii) the directorships and
     major commitments of each Director; and (iii) the attendance rate of each Director for the Board meetings and the
     general meetings, the Board is satisfied that all Directors have spent sufficient time in performing their responsibilities
     during the Reporting Period.


     Independent Non-executive Directors
     For the year ended 31 December 2020, three independent non-executive Directors were appointed, at least one of
     whom has appropriate professional accounting qualifications. The Company has received from each independent
     non-executive Director an annual confirmation of his independence, and the Company considers such Directors to be
     independent in accordance with each and every guideline set out under the Listing Rules.

     The independent non-executive Directors are appointed for a period of one year. All of them are subject to
     retirement by rotation and re-election by shareholders at the annual general meeting in accordance with the Articles
     of Association. The responsibilities of the independent non-executive Directors include, without limitation: regular
     attendance at meetings of the Board and of Board Committees of which they are members; provision of independent
     opinion at meetings of the Board and other Board Committees; service on the Audit Committee, the Remuneration
     Committee, the Nomination Committee and the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee; and scrutinizing
     and monitoring the performance of the Company as a whole.




44   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                                            CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                                                                                             (CONTINUED)




Directors’ Continuous Professional Development
On appointment to the Board, each newly appointed Director has received professional lawyer’s training covering the
general, statutory and regulatory obligations of being a director of a listed company to ensure that he/she is sufficiently
aware of his /her responsibilities under the Listing Rules and other relevant legal requirements.

From time to time, the Directors are provided with written materials to develop and refresh their professional skills. The
Company Secretary also organizes and arranges seminars on the latest development of the applicable laws, rules and
regulations for the Directors to assist them in discharging their duties.

According to the records maintained by the Company, the following are training with an emphasis on the roles,
functions and duties of a director of a listed company in compliance with the revised CG Code on the continuous
professional development received by the Directors during the Reporting Period.


                                                            Corporate Governance/ Updates on Laws, Rules and
                                                                Regulations/Updates on Industry Specific
                                                               Written Materials               Briefings/Seminars
 Executive Directors
 Mr. Lam Kong                                                           √                                √
 Mr. Chen Hongbing                                                      √                                √
 Ms. Chen Yanling                                                       √                                √


 Independent Non-executive Directors
 Mr. Cheung Kam Shing, Terry*                                           √                                √
 Mr. Wu Chi Keung                                                       √                                √
 Mr. Leung Chong Shun                                                   √                                √
 Ms. Luo, Laura Ying*                                                   √                                √


*Note：
1. Mr. Cheung Kam Shing, Terry resigned on 31 March 2020.
2. Ms. Luo, Laura Ying was appointed on 31 March 2020.



Committees
The Company has established the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee, the Nomination Committee and
the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee. The function of each of these committees is to study pertinent
issues in its area of expertise and to provide opinions and recommendations for consideration by the Board under its
own defined terms of reference.




                                                                               CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          45
                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2020
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     Audit Committee
     The Company established the Audit Committee in 2007.The Audit Committee comprises three independent non-
     executive Directors, and is currently chaired by Mr. Wu Chi Keung, with Mr. Leung Chong Shun and Ms. Luo,
     Laura Ying as the committee members. During the Reporting Period, Mr. Cheung Kam Shing, Terry resigned as an
     independent non-executive Director of the Company on 31 March 2020, he also resigned as a member of the Audit
     Committee of the Company. Ms. Luo, Laura Ying was appointed as an independent non-executive Director and a
     member of the Audit Committee of the Company.

     The primary duties of the Audit Committee are to provide the Directors with an independent review of the effectiveness
     of the financial reporting process, internal control and risk management system of the Company, to oversee the audit
     process and to perform other duties and responsibilities as assigned by the Directors. The Audit Committee also
     oversees the Company’s appointment of external auditors. The annual results announcement and annual report for
     the year ended 31 December 2020 of the Company have been reviewed by the Audit Committee, and approved by
     the Board with recommendation of the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee meets at least twice a year with the
     external auditors in absence of the executive Directors. The terms of reference of the Audit Committee are posted on
     the Stock Exchange’s website (http://www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company’s website (http://www.cms.net.cn).

     For the year ended 31 December 2020, the Audit Committee held three meetings. At the meetings, the Audit
     Committee reviewed the annual results for 2019 with the external auditors, the interim results for 2020, the activities of
     the Group’s internal control functions and also reviewed and approved the arrangement of the annual audit work and
     then proposed the recommendations to the Board. Below is the attendance rate of the committee members:


      Committee Members                        Attendance Rate of the Meetings for the Year ended 31 December 2020
      Mr. Wu Chi Keung                                                             3/3
      Mr. Cheung Kam Shing, Terry*                                                 1/1
      Mr. Leung Chong Shun                                                         3/3
      Ms. Luo, Laura Ying*                                                         2/2


     *Note：
     1. Mr. Cheung Kam Shing, Terry resigned on 31 March 2020.
     2. Ms. Luo, Laura Ying was appointed on 31 March 2020.



     Remuneration Committee
     The Company established a Remuneration Committee in 2007. The Remuneration Committee comprises three
     independent non-executive Directors, and is currently chaired by Mr. Leung Chong Shun, with Mr. Wu Chi Keung and
     Ms. Luo, Laura Ying as the committee members. During the Reporting Period, Mr. Cheung Kam Shing, Terry resigned
     as an independent non-executive Director of the Company on 31 March 2020, he also resigned as a member of the
     Remuneration Committee of the Company. Ms. Luo, Laura Ying was appointed as an independent non-executive
     Director and a member of the Remuneration Committee of the Company.




46   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                                       CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                                                                                      (CONTINUED)




The primary duties of the Remuneration Committee include (but without limitation): (i) making recommendations to the
Board on the policy and structure for remunerations of all Directors and senior management and on the establishment
of a formal and transparent procedure for developing policies on such remuneration; (ii) determining the terms of the
specific remuneration package of the Directors and senior management; (iii) approving the terms of Directors’ service
contracts, and (iv) reviewing and approving performance-based remuneration by reference to corporate goals and
objectives resolved by the Directors from time to time. The terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee are
posted on the Stock Exchange’s website (http://www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company’s website (http://www.cms.net.
cn).

For the year ended 31 December 2020, the Remuneration Committee held one meeting. At the meetings,
the Remuneration Committee reviewed and recommended adjusting remuneration of the Directors and senior
management with reference to the industry standard, in light of the business advancement of the Group and according
to their qualifications, experience and contributions, and considered that the proposed remunerations of whom were
reasonable and appropriate. Below is the attendance rate of the committee members:


 Committee Members                        Attendance Rate of the Meetings for the Year ended 31 December 2020
 Mr. Leung Chong Shun                                                      1/1
 Mr. Cheung Kam Shing, Terry*                                              1/1
 Mr. Wu Chi Keung                                                          1/1
 Ms. Luo, Laura Ying*                                                     N/A


*Note：
1. Mr. Cheung Kam Shing, Terry resigned on 31 March 2020.
2. Ms. Luo, Laura Ying was appointed on 31 March 2020.



Nomination Committee
The Company established the Nomination Committee in 2007. The Nomination Committee comprises one executive
Director and three independent non-executive Directors, and is currently chaired by Ms. Luo, Laura Ying, with Mr. Lam
Kong, Mr. Wu Chi Keung and Mr. Leung Chong Shun as the committee members. During the Reporting Period, Mr.
Cheung Kam Shing, Terry resigned as an independent non-executive Director of the Company on 31 March 2020, he
also resigned as the chairman of the Nomination Committee of the Company. Ms. Luo, Laura Ying was appointed as
an independent non-executive Director and the chairman of the Nomination Committee of the Company.

The primary duties of the Nomination Committee are to make recommendations to the Directors on all new
appointments of Directors and senior management, interviewing nominees, and to take up references and to consider
related matters. The terms of reference of the Nomination Committee are posted on the Stock Exchange’s website
(http://www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company’s website (http://www.cms.net.cn).




                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        47
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2020
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     For the year ended 31 December 2020, the Nomination Committee held one meeting. At the meeting, the Nomination
     Committee reviewed the composition and structure of the Board in order to determine whether it is in compliance with
     requirements under the relevant laws, regulations and rules and whether the diversity on the Board has been achieved
     and maintained, considered and made recommendations to the Board on the re-appointment of the retiring directors
     at the 2019 annual general meeting, and also assessed whether the independent non-executive Directors had spent
     enough time in fulfilling their duties and their independence. The committee is of the view that the current composition
     and structure of the Board comply with the applicable regulations and the Board is experienced and has diversified
     perspectives and views. Below is the attendance rate of the committee members:


      Committee Members                         Attendance Rate of the Meeting for the Year ended 31 December 2020
      Mr. Cheung Kam Shing, Terry*                                                1/1
      Mr. Lam Kong                                                                1/1
      Mr. Wu Chi Keung                                                            1/1
      Mr. Leung Chong Shun                                                        1/1
      Ms. Luo, Laura Ying*                                                        N/A


     *Note：
     1. Mr. Cheung Kam Shing, Terry resigned on 31 March 2020.
     2. Ms. Luo, Laura Ying was appointed on 31 March 2020.


     Board Diversity Policy
     The Company views the increasing diversity at the Board level as an essential element in supporting the attainment
     of its strategic objectives, maintaining competitive advantages and keeping sustainable development. Therefore,
     the Company has adopted a Board Diversity Policy (the “Policy”) to set out the approach to achieve and maintain
     diversity on the Board in order to enhance the effectiveness of the Board. Pursuant to the Policy, the Company seeks
     to achieve Board diversity through the consideration of a number of factors, including but not limited to professional
     skills, experience, culture and education background, ethnicity, gender, age, etc. In introducing its perspective on
     diversity, the Company will also take into account factors based on its own business model and specific needs from
     time to time. Ultimately, all Board appointments will be based on merit, and candidates will be considered against
     objective criteria, fully having due regard to the benefits diversity brings to the Board. The Nomination Committee will
     review the Policy on a regular basis to ensure its continued effectiveness.




48   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                                                                                         (CONTINUED)




As at the date of this Annual Report, the Board’s composition under major diversified perspectives was summarized
as follows:


                                   Executive Directors                    Independent Non-executive Directors
  Designation
                                           3                                                  3
                                          Male                                           Female
    Gender
                                           4                                                  2
                    50 years old and below         51-55 years old     56-60 years old        61 years old and above
   Age Group
                               1                            3                 1                         1

   Length of           2 years and below                 3-5years         6-9 years            10 years and above
    Service                    1                            1                 0                         4
  Professional
                                               Pharmaceuticals, Accounting, Investment, Law
  Background


Environmental, Social and Governance Committee
The Company established an Environmental, Social and Governance Committee at the end of the Reporting Period.
The Environmental, Social and Governance Committee comprises one executive Director and two independent non-
executive Directors and is currently chaired by Ms. Chen Yanling and with Mr. Wu Chi Keung and Mr. Leung Chong
Shun as the committee members.

The primary duties of the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee are comprehensively formulate and review
the administrative policies, strategies and structures of the Group’s environmental, social and governance, review
environmental, social and governance -related policies, regulations and trends, and to provide decision-making advice
to the Board of Directors regarding the Group’s environmental, social and governance strategies and operations,
to ensure the company to comply with requirements of applicable laws and regulations; monitor and supervise the
formulation and implementation of the Group’s environmental, social and governance objectives; identify external
environmental, social and governance trends, risks and opportunities; and promote a positive culture throughout the
Group, and actively incorporate environmental, social and governance considerations into the business decision-
making processes, etc. The terms of reference of the environmental, social and governance are posted on the Stock
Exchange’s website (http://www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company’s website (http://www.cms.net.cn).


Corporate Governance Functions
No corporate governance committee has been established, and the Board is responsible for performing the corporate
governance functions such as developing and reviewing the Company’s policies and practices on corporate
governance, providing training and continuous professional development for Directors and senior management, and
ensuring the Company’s policies and practices are in compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, etc.




                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED       49
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2020
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     Auditor’s Remuneration
     For the year ended 31 December 2020, the Company has appointed Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as our independent
     external auditor to provide the annual performance auditing service, the remuneration for its auditing and non-auditing
     service was HK$3.8 million and HK$1.4 million, respectively.


     Directors’ and Auditor’s Responsibilities for Accounts
     The Board acknowledges their responsibility for presenting a balanced, clear and understandable assessment of
     annual and interim reports, inside information announcements and other financial disclosures required under the
     Listing Rules and other regulatory requirements. The Directors confirm that they are responsible for the preparation
     of financial reports, and to give a true and fair view of the Company’s and the Group’s financial status and operating
     results for the year ended 31 December 2020. In preparing these financial statements, the Board has selected
     suitable accounting policies and applied them consistently; made judgments and estimates that are prudent, fair and
     reasonable; and have prepared the consolidated financial statements on a going concern basis.

     The responsibility of auditor is set out in the independent auditor’s report on page 105.


     Risk Management and Internal Controls
     The Group has established and designed appropriate policies and controls to ensure that assets are safeguarded
     against improper use or disposal, relevant rules and regulations are adhered to and complied with, reliable financial
     and accounting records are maintained in accordance with relevant accounting standards and regulatory reporting
     requirements, and main risks that may impact on the Group’s performance are appropriately identified and managed.
     The systems and internal controls can only provide reasonable but not absolute assurance to prevent material
     misstatement or losses, as they are designed to manage, rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business
     objectives.

     The Board confirms its responsibility for supervising the Group’s risk management and internal control systems and
     reviewing their effectiveness at least annually through the Audit Committee. The Group Internal Audit and the Audit
     Committee assist the Board in the review of the effectiveness of the Group’s risk management and internal control
     systems on the basis of continuity. The directors through these committees are kept regularly appraised of significant
     risks that may impact on the Group’s performance.

     Regarding the procedure and internal control over handling and propagation of the inside information, the Group has
     adopted an inside information management policy which has been disseminated to all the staff. Based on the policy
     and in order to ensure that the inside information would be processed and propagated in compliance, the Group has
     established monitoring measures to ensure that the potential inside information could be recognized, assessed and
     then provided to the Board for their decision that whether a disclosure is required.




50   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                                                                                            (CONTINUED)




The Audit Committee assists the Board in performing its supervision and corporate governance roles in the Group’s
financial, operational, compliance, risk management , internal controls, the resourcing of the finance and internal audit
functions by reviewing the working report from internal audit and external audit. During the Reporting Period, the
Group Internal Audit conducted selective reviews of the effectiveness of the systems of risk management and internal
controls of the Group in respect of financial, operational and compliance controls with emphasis on information
technology and security, information privacy and protection, business continuity management and procurement.
Such results were assessed by the Group Internal Audit and reported to the Audit Committee, which then reviewed
and reported the same to the Board. The Audit Committee and the Board were not aware of any areas of concern
that would have a significant impact on the Group’s financial position or results of operations and considered the risk
management and internal control systems to be generally effective and sufficient including the adequacy of resources,
staff qualifications and experience, sufficient training programs for the staff and budget of the accounting, internal audit
and financial reporting functions.

In addition to the review of risk management and internal controls executed within the Group, the external auditor
appointed by the Group also assessed the adequacy and effectiveness of certain main risk management and internal
controls as part of their regulatory audits. The external auditor’s related recommendation will be adopted under
appropriate circumstances to strengthen the risk management and internal controls.


Shareholders’ Rights
Convening an Extraordinary General Meeting
Pursuant to article 12.3 of the Articles of Association, any one or more shareholders holding at the date of deposit of
the requisition not less than one-tenth of the paid-up capital of the Company carrying the right of voting at general
meetings of the Company shall at all times has the right, by written requisition specifying the objects of the meeting
and signed by the requisitionists to the Company’s headquarters and principal place of business in Hong Kong at Unit
2106, 21/F, Island Place Tower, 510 King’s Road, North Point, Hong Kong to require an extraordinary general meeting
to be called by the Board for the transaction of any business specified in such requisition. The same requirement and
procedure also apply to any proposal to be tabled at shareholders’ meetings for adoption.


Shareholders’ Enquiries
Shareholders should direct their questions about their shareholdings to the Company’s branch share registrar,
Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited (Shops 1712-1716, 17/F, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s
Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong). Shareholders and the investment community may at any time make a request for
the Company’s information to the extent that such information is publically available. Shareholders may also make
enquiries to the Board by writing to the Company Secretary at the Company’s headquarters and principal place of
business in Hong Kong at Unit 2106, 21/F, Island Place Tower, 510 King’s Road, North Point, Hong Kong.


Articles of Association
During the Reporting Period, there were no changes made to the Articles of Association.




                                                                               CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           51
                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2020
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     Communications with Shareholders and Investors
     The Company attaches great importance to communications with shareholders and investors as always. The
     Company endeavors to disclose information that is important to shareholders and investors timely and objectively
     through diverse channels, to actively and effectively communicate the Company’s latest development to the capital
     markets. The Company interacts with its shareholders and investors mainly through the following channels: (i) holding
     Annual General Meetings and Extraordinary General Meetings; (ii) timely releasing the latest news and updates of the
     Company on the official website and WeChat official account; (iii) replying various questions related to the Company’s
     business raised by the shareholders and investors of the Company via various ways such as telephone and email; (iv)
     organizing the Interim and Annual Results Announcement Conferences; (v) participating in various conferences and
     roadshows held by sell-side institutions; (vi) organizing and receiving investors visits, and participating in conference
     calls. During the Reporting Period, the management of the Company and the investor relations team have received
     more than a thousand representatives of domestic and overseas institutions and individual investors.

     The active and persistent communications with the shareholders and investors have been recognized by third parties.
     During the Reporting Period, the Company received the “The Best Hong Kong Stock-Connect Company” Award
     of the Golden Hong Kong Stocks and the “Excellent Pharmaceutical Industry Award” in the selection of the eighth
     “Top 100 Hong Kong Listed Companies”. In the previous years, the Company won the “Most Valuable Medical
     and Pharmaceutical Listed Company” Award of the Golden Hong Kong Stocks for three times, “The Best Investor
     Relations” at the first China Enterprise Excellence Awards Ceremony, the “Best Case Award” at the second China
     Excellence IR Awards Ceremony, as well as the “Top 10 Listed Companies with the Highest Investment Value in China
     Pharmaceutical Industry”, “Top 100 Innovative Pharmaceutical Enterprises in China”, and “Benchmarking Enterprises in
     Pharmaceutical Industry at the 70th Anniversary of PRC Founding” at the China Healthcare Summit of Entrepreneurs,
     Scientists and Investors. The Company was selected as one of “The Most Attractive Hong Kong Stock-Connect
     Companies for Institutional Investors”, and won the Golden Wing Award of “Hong Kong Stock-Connect Company
     with the Most Substantial Growth Potential” held by Securities Times . The Company was recognized as the “Honored
     Company” and the “All-Asia Most Honored Company” in the healthcare and pharmaceutical industry by Institutional
     Investor Magazine (“II Magazine ”), and awarded the “Best Investor Relations Management” of the Golden Hong Kong
     Listed Companies, “The Listed Company with the Best Investment Value” of BIVA twice, “The Best Listed Company”
     at “The 5th Chinese Securities Golden Bauhinia” Award Ceremony held by Ta Kung Pao in Hong Kong, and the “Best
     Investor Relations” in the healthcare industry in Greater China by IR Magazine . Mr. Lam Kong was named the “All-
     Asia Best CEO” in the healthcare and pharmaceutical industry twice by II Magazine . Ms. Chen Yanling was named the
     “All-Asia Best CFO” in the healthcare and pharmaceutical industry for seven consecutive times by II Magazine , and
     awarded the “Best CFO of Hong Kong Listed Companies” in the Gelonghui’s first Best Listed Companies of Greater
     China Award. CMS’s Investor Relations Team was named the “All-Asia Best Investor Relations” in the healthcare and
     pharmaceutical industry for three times and the “All-Asia Best Analyst Days” in the healthcare and pharmaceutical
     industry by II Magazine .

     In the future, we will continually maintain close, sincere and effective communications and interactions with investors,
     listen attentively to the feedbacks and voices from the capital markets, and further optimize investor relations.




52   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND
GOVERNANCE REPORT

1.     About the Report
The Report is the fifth environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) report of CMS, dating from 1 January 2020 to 31
December 2020. The Report is disclosed annually.


1.1 Basis of Preparation
The Report is prepared as per Appendix 27 Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide of Main Board
Listing Rules issued by Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Ltd (“SEHK”).

The contents of the Report were formulated through systematic procedures, including: project kickoff, review and
summarization of the 2019 ESG Report, on-site investigation and interview, identification of stakeholders, stakeholder
questionnaire, identification and ranking of ESG material issues, discussion and determination of material issues by the
Board of Directors, determination of the disclosure scope of the Report, collection of relevant information and data,
review of the relevant information and data, establishment of the 2021 ESG management goals, preparation of the
Report, review and final approval of the Report by the Board of Directors.


1.2 Scope of the Report
The Report discloses the ESG risks and performances of the Group conforming to the principle of “Materiality”
mentioned in the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide . Unless otherwise indicated, the scope
of the Report includes the Company, its wholly owned subsidiaries and majority owned subsidiaries (including
pharmaceutical promotion and marketing business, pharmaceutical production business, and agriculture and livestock
business. Among them, the pharmaceutical production business is relatively small-scale, during the Reporting Period,
the sale of self-produced products only accounted for around 4% of the Group’s turnover after excluding the effect of
the “two-invoice system”. During the Reporting Period, the products from agriculture and livestock business were only
for internal consumption and did not contribute to the Group’s revenue).


1.3 Data Sources and Reliability Statement
The materials and cases disclosed in the Report were extracted from the Group’s relevant reports and archives. The
Group undertakes that the Report does not contain any false information or misleading statements, and is responsible
for the content of the Report as to its authenticity, accuracy and completeness.


1.4 Obtaining the Report
The Report, as a part of the Group’s 2020 Annual Report, can be accessed and downloaded from SEHK’s website
(www.hkexnews.hk) and the Group’s website (www.cms.net.cn). For further consultation, any opinion or suggestion
regarding the Report, please contact the Group via ir@cms.net.cn.


2.     ESG Management
As a well-established, innovation-driven specialty pharma with a focus on sales and marketing in China, CMS has
adhered to offering competitive products and services to meet China’s unmet medical needs, and fulfilled the core
values of “value creation for customers, global reach for innovation, dedication and perseverance, ethics and integrity,
professionalism and entrepreneurship”. Practicing the concept of sustainable development, the Group’s MSCI-ESG
rating has been upgraded from “BB” to “AA” during the Reporting Period, regarded as a company leading its industry
in managing the most significant ESG risks and opportunities.

                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         53
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2020
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




     2.1 Statement of the Board of Directors
     The Board of Directors of the Group insists on fully integrating the ESG concept into corporate development strategy
     while ensuring the sound growth of operating performance. The Board of Directors hereby makes the following
     statement on ESG management during the Reporting Period:

     With the sustainable development goal of “carrying out the concept of environmental protection, achieving the value of
     social responsibility, being committed to becoming a leading sustainable pharmaceutical enterprise in China”, during
     the Reporting Period, the Group further improved its governance structure by establishing the Environmental, Social
     and Governance Committee (the “ESG Committee”) at the Board of Directors level and setting the organization-wide
     ESG Working Group to further enhance the Group’s ESG management performance.

     Members of the Board of Directors have continuously paid attention to the global trends of ESG governance. Taking
     into account suggestions and comments from various parties, the Board of Directors have evaluated the potential ESG
     risks and opportunities of the Group, and provided corresponding suggestions and opinions on the ESG management
     of the Group from time to time to achieve dynamic supervision.

     The Board of Directors of the Group has also attached great importance to the daily ESG management work. With
     reference to the results of stakeholder questionnaires, the Board of Directors has evaluated and prioritized ESG
     material issues, discussed and identified the importance of ESG issues, and fully participated in the formulation and
     updates of the Group’s ESG management policies and strategies. Based on the approved ESG management policies
     and strategies, the Board of Directors has reviewed and approved the Group’s ESG improvement plan, reviewed and
     followed up on the implementation progress of relevant departments through regular meetings, actively participated
     in the optimization of existing operational plans, and provided all the necessary resources, in order to integrate the
     Group’s ESG matters into the daily operation and management. Based on the 2020 ESG management goal and
     achievements, the identified stakeholder concerns, business development needs and recommendations from third-
     party professional agents, the Board of Directors has approved the 2021 ESG management goal.

     The Group has fully understood that the development, promotion and sales of pharmaceutical products are related
     to public health. Therefore, when setting ESG management goals, the Group has placed the high priority on product
     safety and service quality in processes including development, production, testing, and after-sales. At the same time,
     taking the unmet medical needs of the Chinese pharmaceutical market into full consideration, the Group has deployed
     innovative drugs that are safer and more effective, or more cost-effective, to meet the actual needs of Chinese
     patients and maximize the social benefits. The characteristics of the Group’s business help limit the total amount
     of environmental pollutants generated, but the Group has fully considered the environmental impact of operational
     activities, so as to work together with stakeholders to facilitate a green, harmonious and sustainable development.

     The Board of Directors and senior management team of the Group have approved the Report to ensure that there is
     no false information, misleading statements or major omissions in its content.




54   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                          Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                                (CONTINUED)




2.2 Structure and Process of ESG Governance
The Group has formed a three-tier ESG governance framework consisting of the Board of Directors, the ESG Committee
and the ESG Working Group to systematically carry out ESG management from the governance level of the Board of
Directors to the ESG implementation level. The ESG Committee consists of three directors, among them the Executive
Director, Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of the Group, Ms. Chen Yanling is the Chairman of the Committee;
The ESG Working Group comprises the heads from each department and participates in the concrete implementation
and reporting of the ESG work. During the Reporting Period, the CMS Environmental, Social and Governance
Committee Terms of Reference was published on the Group’s official website for all stakeholders’ reference1.




                                           Figure 1 CMS’s ESG Governance Framework

•         The main responsibilities of the ESG Committee include: comprehensively formulating and reviewing the
          Group’s ESG management policies, strategies and structures, reviewing ESG-related policies, regulations and
          trends; and providing decision-making advice to the Board of Directors regarding the Group’s ESG strategies
          and operations, to ensure the compliance with requirements of applicable laws and regulations; monitoring and
          supervising the formulation and implementation of the Group’s ESG objectives; identifying external ESG trends,
          risks and opportunities; and promoting a positive culture throughout the Group and actively incorporating ESG
          considerations into the business decision-making processes, etc.




1
    http://www.cms.net.cn/kangzhe/PicNew/ImgStocks/2020-12-22/2aa3df93-6095-4441-b8c4-e75cf8517b6b.pdf



                                                                                        CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED   55
                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2020
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




     •     The responsibilities of the ESG Working Group include: formulating and implementing specific ESG work plans;
           regularly collecting and analyzing ESG-related key performance indicators and submitting them to the ESG
           Committee for review to facilitate the ESG Committee’s understanding of the implementation progress of the
           Group’s ESG management performance objectives; analyzing the relationship between ESG risks and the
           Group’s overall risk management system, then making suggestions on risk control; and proactively delivering
           feedbacks from key investors and stakeholders to the ESG Committee, etc.

     The Group’s ESG management efforts are based on a nested closed-loop process:

     •     Firstly, setting the annual ESG management goals after reviewing the previous year’s goals;
     •     Making the corresponding ESG management measures and plans based on the ESG management goal;
     •     Conducting daily ESG management, monitoring dynamic ESG information and drafting annual ESG report
           based on the measures and plans;
     •     Making and implementing improvement plans for issues existing in ESG management practice based on the
           annual ESG report preparation workflow, material issues analysis in conjunction with internal communication,
           internal audit and stakeholder’ concerns;
     •     Checking the results of ESG governance at the end of the year, making adjustments and setting new goals in
           accordance with the Group’s internal and external situation.




                                     Figure 2 CMS’s ESG Management Flow Diagram




56   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                                 (CONTINUED)




2.3 ESG Goal
The Group attaches great importance to ESG goal management. The Board of Directors comprehensively reviewed
the achievement of CMS’s ESG goal for the Reproting Period and formulated the ESG goal for the next year. See
below for CMS’s 2020 ESG management condition and 2021 ESG management goal.

                  Table 1 CMS’s 2020 ESG Management Condition and 2021 ESG Management Goal


             2020 ESG Management Condition                                      2021 ESG Management Goal
 The Board of Directors participated in and discussed the
                                                                    The Board of Directors continues to involve deeply in
 Group’s ESG management in regular meetings; formed the
                                                                    the ESG management and further improve ESG-related
 ESG Committee, assigned the ESG Working Group and
                                                                    management systems and policies
 improved the governance structure

 Established relatively comprehensive anti-corruption policy        Continuously optimizing the risk management and
 system and internal control process, and fully implemented         internal control of promotion compliance processes,
 anti-corruption and compliance management through                  upgrading digital management tools to strengthen
 a combination of employee commitment and regulation                compliance control, and continuously promoting the
 requirement; and further regulated the protection of consumer      study of anti-corruption related regulations, in order to
 privacy                                                            achieve sustainable compliant operation

 Established a comprehensive product quality control system
                                                                    Ensuring the quality of products and services and
 and continuously optimized the means of product quality
                                                                    continuously optimizing the product responsibility
 management and risk control; promoted the construction of
                                                                    system; continuously promoting the launching of quality
 intellectual property protection system; expanded the innovative
                                                                    and cost-effective products with a focus on public
 pipeline and pushed forward the clinical development of
                                                                    health; and continuously promoting the construction of
 innovative products in China to enhance the accessibility of
                                                                    intellectual property protection system
 quality products in China

 Established good communication, cooperation and supervision
                                                                    Strengthening the identification and control of ESG
 mechanisms with suppliers, and further standardized the
                                                                    risks in all segments of the supply chain to jointly build
 supplier ESG management through collecting the Supplier
                                                                    a green supply chain
 Statement

                                                                    Deeply understanding the demands of employees
 Provided employees with a safe and comfortable working             and continuously optimizing the working environment
 environment, good promotion channels and a comprehensive           and organizational atmosphere; improving the
 training system, and paid attention to employee compensation       compensation and benefits system and the promotion
 and benefits                                                       mechanism; and enhancing the training system for both
                                                                    the management and employees

 Actively participated in supporting activities in response to
 major public health events, paid attention to the public welfare   Continuously paying attention to the development of
 needs of the surrounding communities and developed more            the surrounding communities and social welfare
 comprehensive guidelines for public welfare activities

 Optimized the Group’s environmental protection system and          Continuously paying attention to the key issues of
 policies and promoted energy-saving and environmental              environmental protection, the total GHG emission
 protection initiatives; implemented environmental protection       intensity of the Group is expected to be reduced by at
 internal audits; and promoted the management of key                least 5% by the end of 2023, comparing with 2020, so
 environmental indicators                                           as to contribute to the construction of a green China




                                                                                 CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           57
                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2020
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




     2.4 ESG Communication
     CMS has established a routine stakeholder communication system, and is committed to achieving the positive
     interactions with stakeholders via targeted and diverse ways of communication, making active responses to their
     needs and pushing forward the implementation of the Group’s sustainable development. CMS has established
     connections with stakeholders via the following communication methods.

                                       Table 2 CMS’s Stakeholder Communication Methods


        Stakeholder                Communication Appeal                                Communication Method
                            •   Compliance with laws and regulations,
       Governmental                                                           Government-company seminar
                                drug safety
       and regulatory                                                         Supervision and inspection
                            •   Compliant operation under supervision
         authority                                                            Work report and research
                            •   Taxation, employment creation
                                                                              General meeting, results announcement meeting
                                                                              Company news, announcements and periodic
                            •   Standardized governance and rigorous
                                                                               report
                                risk control
         Investor/                                                            Telephone, email, voting for general meeting
                            •   Prudent operation and value creation
        Shareholder                                                           Company official website and WeChat official
                            •   Disclosure compliance, openness and
                                                                               account
                                transparency
                                                                              Investor visit, conference and presentation
                                                                              External road show

                                                                              Face-to-face meeting and mutual visit
                                                                              Work meeting and communication via telephone
                            •   Open and fair procurement
                                                                               and email
           Supplier         •   Timely communication, win-win
                                                                              Company official website and WeChat official account
                                developments
                                                                              Industrial seminar
                                                                              Public bidding
                                                                              Work meeting and communication via telephone,
                            •   Integrity management and compliant             letter and email
                                operation                                     Company official website and WeChat official
         Distributor
                            •   Timely communication and win-win               account
                                developments                                  Customer service hotline
                                                                              Face-to-face meeting and mutual visit
                            •   Protection of rights and interests
                                                                              Occupational health and safety training
                            •   Employees caring, respond of
                                                                              Team building activity
          Employee              employee appeals
                                                                              Feedback platform
                            •   Compensation and benefits, training
                                                                              Daily communication and meeting
                                and development

          External
                            •   Product safety, protection of rights and      Disclosure of product label and other information
      practitioner in the
                                interests                                     Academic conference and forum
       pharmaceutical
                            •   Protection of privacy, business ethics        Processing of customer complaint and feedback
          industry

                            •   Good interaction, information
                                                                              Disclosure of product label and other information
                                disclosure
                                                                              Handling of customer complaint and opinion
                            •   Product safety, protection of rights and
                                                                              Participation in community public welfare
                                interests
       General public                                                          activities
                            •   Privacy protection and business ethics
                                                                              Propaganda of medicine and health knowledge
                            •   Inclusive health and public welfare
                                                                              Company official website and WeChat official
                            •   Community development and social
                                                                               account
                                value


58   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                  Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                          (CONTINUED)




2.5 ESG Issues
During the Reporting Period, in order to ensure that the Group’s ESG governance effectively and timely reflects the
requirements of stakeholders, CMS has conducted extensive stakeholder research as an important basis for the
preparation of this report and the Group’s development.

The materiality assessment procedure:

•     The establishment of the issues library: Based on the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide
      and with reference to the review of the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide and Related
      Listing Rules issued by SEHK in December 2019, a basic list of ESG issues has been formed. At the same
      time, the Group has reviewed and evaluated its ESG management related issues in the previous year, then
      updated the ESG management issues library in 2020 by reviewing the Group’s current status, the development
      of the pharmaceutical industry and the concerns of stakeholders;
•     Stakeholder engagement: The Group has established and implemented a stakeholder engagement plan for the
      year. Through communication with stakeholders and distribution of online research questionnaires, the Group
      has listened to stakeholders’ expectations and suggestions on the Group’s ESG issues, and collected a total of
      297 valid questionnaires;
•     Issues assessment: The Group has assessed the importance of the issues in two dimensions: “importance to
      the enterprise” and “importance to the stakeholders”, and obtained the materiality matrix and material issues list;
•     Review and confirmation: The Group’s Board of Directors has reviewed the assessment procedure of the
      material issues and confirmed the approval of the results.

Based on the results of the research questionnaires and discussions of the ESG Committee and the Board of Directors,
the Group has ranked the materiality of each issue in 2020 as follows:




                                   Figure 3 CMS’s ESG Materiality Analysis Matrix

                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          59
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2020
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




     The materiality assessment of 2020 ESG issues for CMS found 15 highly important issues, 10 medium important
     issues, and 3 ordinary important issues, the details of which are listed below:

                                               Table 3 CMS’s Material Issues List

      Importance                                Issue
                         Issue scope                                                      Issue
        of issue                                code
                     Company governance           A     Ensuring product and service quality
                     Company governance           B     Improving the pharmacovigilance and drug recall mechanism
                     Company governance           C     Compliant operation
                     Company governance           D     Caring about employee safety and health
                     Company governance           E     Constructing a good company governance system
                     Company governance           F     Protecting the intellectual properties
                     Company governance           G     Providing competitive salary
         Highly
       important     Company governance           H     Compliant employment
         issue
                     Company governance           I     Employees training and development
                     Company governance           J     Improving the anti-corruption and anti-bribery system
                     Company governance           K     Strengthening innovative research and development
                     Company governance           L     Providing a fair and transparent promotion channel
                     Company governance          M      Improving the accessibility of healthcare
                     Company governance           N     Protecting customer rights, interests and privacy
                     Company governance           O     Strict execution of supplier admittance and inspection criteria
                                                        Promoting sustainable development of the supply chain
                     Company governance           P
                                                        (environmental protection, anti-corruption, employment, etc.)
                    Environmental protection      Q     Proper disposal of solid waste
                    Environmental protection      R     Making guidelines and setting goal for environmental protection work
                    Environmental protection      S     Energy conservation
        Medium      Environmental protection      T     Compliance with emission standards
       important
         issue      Environmental protection      U     Resource investment to reduce emissions
                    Environmental protection      V     Water conservation
                      Social responsibility      W      Promoting the advancement of the medical progress
                                                        Participating in public welfare donations, disaster relief activities
                      Social responsibility       X
                                                        and others
                      Social responsibility       Y     Supporting community development
                    Environmental protection      Z     Reducing greenhouse gas emissions
        Ordinary
       important    Environmental protection     AA     Combating climate change
         issue
                    Environmental protection     AB     Reducing use of packaging materials

     Based on the assessment results, the Group has documented the ESG Report to respond to stakeholders’ concerns
     in an orderly manner.

60   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                   Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                                (CONTINUED)




3.      Compliant operation
Compliant operation is a basic requirement for market participants. The Group strictly observes the laws and
regulations of the People’s Republic of China and other countries and regions where it’s business operation and
investment are located, practices business ethics and refrains from unlawful acts such as bribery, extortion, fraud,
money laundering and different forms of unfair competition.

                                    Table 4 Compliance-related Laws and Regulations

            Field                                           Major laws and regulations

                              Law of the People’s Republic of China on Anti-Money Laundering, Law of the People’s
                              Republic of China Against Unfair Competition, Criminal Law of the People’s Republic
  Compliant operation
                              of China, Interim Provisions on Banning Commercial Bribery, Prevention of Bribery
                              Ordinance, etc.

The Group continues to enhance its compliance management leveraging its comprehensive policy system, complete
organizational structure, definite department positioning, and digital technology platform. The Group also attaches
great importance to anti-corruption. It has established a relatively comprehensive anti-corruption behavior regulation,
training and supervision systems, continuously improved the whistleblower protection system, and optimized risk
management and internal control mechanisms.

During the Reporting Period, the Group required all employees to sign the CMS Self-discipline Commitment , expecting
that through signing the voluntary commitment, employees would enhance self-requirements on moral standards and
professional conduct, so as to avoid improper business practice. At the same time, the Group initiated the signing of
the Supplier Statement , to further restrain the ethical behavior of suppliers, achieving comprehensive management
and control of compliant operation.

                     Table 5 Abstract of the CMS Self-discipline Commitment and Supplier Statement

                  Field                                                      Abstract

                                       •   Strictly adhering to the provisions related to incorruptibility and self-discipline
                                       •   Properly exercising authority and not using authority to make undue benefit for
                       Employee’s
                                           oneself or a specific related party
                      commitment
                                       •   Not embezzling or occupying the resources of the Group, or leveraging own
                                           authority to influence and interfere with the Group’s business
     Business                          •   Complying with applicable laws, regulations, guidelines, etc. in everywhere they
      ethics                               operate
                                       •   Providing quality, safe and effective products and services that meet the quality
                       Supplier’s
                                           standards and contractual agreements of the countries/regions in which they
                      commitment
                                           operate
                                       •   Resolutely resisting bid rigging, bid collusion, accepting of kickbacks and other
                                           unfair competition behaviors

                                       •   Resolutely resisting commercial bribery, not accepting properties from any
                       Employee’s
                                           affiliated units or suppliers
       Anti-          commitment
                                       •   Not offering bribes to or soliciting bribes from any business-related personnel
     corruption
                       Supplier’s
                                       •   Adhering to zero tolerance for any form of corruption, extortion or bribery
                      commitment



                                                                                 CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           61
                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2020
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




     3.1 Compliant Marketing and Promotion
     The Group focuses on compliant marketing and promotion in the pharmaceutical industry to help build a clean
     industry development environment. The Group’s Compliance Department is responsible for promotion compliance
     of employee’s behaviors during the progress of interaction with medical professionals and groups, which primarily
     related to anti-corruption and anti-bribery. The Group has developed a complete and clear compliance marketing
     management system, including compliance rules and regulations, compliance team, compliance training, compliance
     inspection, compliance communication and reporting, etc.




     3.1.1 Marketing Compliance Regulations and Policies
     The Group adheres to the concept of compliance marketing and sales, and undertakes pharmaceutical marketing
     and sales activities under strict ethical standards and professionalism. The Group has established and updated the
     relatively comprehensive internal compliant promotion system and standard operating procedures in accordance with
     the latest laws and industry regulations.

     The Group’s compliance policies and regulations include, but are not limited to: CMS Anti-fraud Management
     Policy, CMS Employee Code of Professional Ethics, Code of Promotional Conduct, Speaker Regulations, General
     Specification on Marketing Activities, Code of Management for Marketing Activities , etc., to achieve the comprehensive
     compliance management.


     3.1.2 Marketing Compliance Promotion and Training
     The Group always regards marketing compliance as one of the priorities in employees’ promotion and training. The
     Group holds monthly compliance induction training and quiz for new employees, with the quiz results linked to their
     appraisals; publicizes compliance policies and interpretations on the Group’s internal information platform on a monthly
     basis; updates the “I want to ask compliance questions” column to provide an open and smooth communication
     mechanism for the employees; and provides timely online and offline training and guidance after the release of a new
     policy.


62   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                 Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                        (CONTINUED)




3.1.3 Marketing Compliance Monitoring and Inspection
The Group encourages the internal monitoring of marketing compliance, any employee who has doubts about the
compliance of another employee’s behavior can contact the Compliance Department by phone, email, or fax, etc.
Once receiving such a report, the Compliance Department and the Audit Department will initiate an investigation
together to collect relevant evidence. The employee who is confirmed to be in violation will be reported to the
Compliance Management Committee by the Compliance Department, then be disciplined in accordance with the
Company’s relevant regulations. At the same time, the Group’s Compliance Department conducts regular and irregular
compliance inspections, leveraging big data analyses and KPI assessments on the results of each inspection, to
ensure compliance of employee behaviors.


3.1.4 Marketing Compliance Team and Communication
The Group has a Compliance Management Committee, which is chaired by Mr. Lam Kong, the Chairman, Chief
Executive and President of the Group, and composed of COO, CFO and several directors of the Group and is
responsible for overseeing the compliance governance and business ethics management of the Group in its
operations. The reports on the overall performance of the Group’s compliance work will be submitted by the
Compliance Department and discussed at the Compliance Management Committee’s quarterly meetings. Meanwhile,
the Group has regional compliance teams and regional financial compliance specialists in all business regions to
enhance the efficiency of compliance governance and communication through a dedicated staffing system.


3.2 Anti-corruption
3.2.1 Anti-corruption Management
The Group has established the CMS Employee Code of Professional Ethics and CMS Anti-fraud Management Policy ,
which clearly require the employees not to engage in any improper practices such as bribery, corruption, extortion,
fraud and money laundering in internal communication or communication with affiliated companies’ staffs and other
stakeholders including the media, governments, distributors, suppliers and medical personnel. Any forms of facilitation
fees are forbidden as well, to adhere to the ethical boundaries strictly.

The Group attaches great importance to the anti-corruption management of all employees. According to the relevant
regulations of the Group, if any employee is found with certain improper behaviors, the promotion of the employee will
be negatively affected, and warning or dismissal will be considered for serious cases. During the Reporting Period,
the Group required all employees to sign the CMS Self-discipline Commitment , to further raise employees’ awareness
of commercial bribery. The Group expects to strengthen employees’ ethical awareness and further enhance anti-
corruption management of the Group through internal regulations and employees’ voluntary commitments.

The Group has established and strictly implemented an anti-corruption training system. The anti-corruption related
materials are provided to employees in the quarterly new employee training program and marketing compliance
training program. During the Reporting Period, a company-wide study of the CMS Anti-fraud Management Policy has
been conducted from director to employee level with 3,887 participants.




                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         63
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2020
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




     The Group has established a multi-departmental and multi-dimensional code of conduct management system.
     For example, the Finance Department has developed financial management measures based on the compliance
     framework and strengthened process management via digital management systems. These initiatives are installed to
     enhance the transparency of expenses and the compliance of promotion activities for departments engaged in sales
     and marketing. In addition, the Legal Department reviews all legal documents such as contracts and agreements in
     the process of business operation, in order to control and prevent legal risks for the Group.

     The Group also regulates the suppliers’ business conducts. When signing the supply contracts, the Group requires the
     suppliers to strictly comply with the applicable local laws and regulations, including the provisions related to business
     ethics. During the Reporting Period, the Group initiated the signing of Supplier Statement , which once again required
     the suppliers to commit to zero tolerance for any forms of corruption, extortion or bribery, to further build a clean
     supply chain. In the process of communicating and signing of the Supplier Statement , the Group also collected the
     suppliers’ internal anti-corruption policies and regulations, further understood the contents, and exchanged ideas with
     the suppliers on social responsibilities of both parties, including anti-corruption measures.

     During the Reporting Period, there were no corruption lawsuits against the Group, and the Group did not violate any
     related laws or provisions that significantly impact the Group in the aspects of anti-bribery, extortion, fraud and money
     laundering.


     3.2.2 Whistleblower Protection
     The Group encourages employees to oversee and report any corruption behavior via telephone, email, etc. The
     reports will be discussed on a case-by-case basis and handled hierarchically by the Group in accordance with certain
     procedures. People involved are required to evade to ensure fairness and impartiality of the processing. Definite
     responses and feedback will be given to the whistleblower within three business days after the completion of the
     investigation.

     The CMS Anti-fraud Management Policy of the Group clearly defines the detailed confidentiality measures to protect
     the whistle-blowing-related documents and the whistleblower’s personal information. The Group will not disclose
     whistleblower’s identity without obtaining his/her consent. Anyone who intends to inquire about any related information
     other than the whistleblower identity shall register with the Compliance Department. The Group will ensure that
     the employee who reports any of the above matters will not be subject to any forms of intimidation, retaliation or
     inappropriate punishment. Harassing or harming the whistleblower will be considered as severe misconduct and
     punished seriously once confirmed.


     4.     Product Liability
     The Group always takes “offering competitive products and services to meet China’s unmet medical needs” as its
     mission, strictly controls the quality of products and services to protect the health of Chinese people. In terms of
     quality, advertising, labeling, privacy, intellectual property rights and remedial measures for products and services, the
     Group strictly abides by relevant national laws and regulations including but not limited to the following:




64   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                  Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                         (CONTINUED)




                              Table 6 Laws and Regulations Related to Product Liability


            Field                                          Major laws and regulations

                              The Drug Administration Law of the People’s Republic of China, Regulations for
                              Implementation on Drug Administration Law of the People’s Republic of China,
                              Provision for Drug Registration, Provisions for Medical Device Registration, Good
   Product and service        Manufacture Practice of Pharmaceutical Products, Measures for the Supervision and
                              Administration of Drugs Production, Provisions for Supervision of Drug Distribution,
         quality              Good Supply Practice of Pharmaceutical Products, Administrative Measures for the
                              Import of Drugs, Provisions for Adverse Drug Reaction Reporting and Monitoring, Law
                              of the People’s Republic of China on Safeguarding the Consumer Rights and Interests,
                              etc.

                              The Advertising Law of the People’s Republic of China, Interim Measures on the
 Standardized marketing       Examination and Administration of Advertisement for Drugs, Medical Devices, Health
     and promotion            Foods and Foods for Special Medical Purposes, Provisions for Drug Insert Sheets and
                              Labels, etc.

                              The Tort Liability Law of the People’s Republic of China, and the Cyber Security Law of
    Privacy protection
                              the People’s Republic of China, etc.

  Intellectual properties     The Patent Law of the People’s Republic of China, and the Trademark Law of the
         protection           People’s Republic of China, etc.


4.1 Quality of Product and Service
In accordance with the laws and regulations and the requirements of Good Supply Practice of Pharmaceutical
Products (“GSP”), Good Manufacture Practice of Pharmaceutical Products (“GMP”) the Group has established the
drug quality management system, including the relatively comprehensive product responsibility policy system and
training system, forward-looking quality risk management system, refined quality control measures, standardized
quality inspection process and digital drug tracking and pharmacovigilance system, covering the whole drug
production and operation cycle and strictly controlling the potential risk to ensure the quality of product and service.

The Group attaches great importance to the construction of system and culture regarding product safety and service
quality, and has established a relatively complete product liability regulations system:




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         65
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2020
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




                                               Table 7 Product Liability System


       Procurement and production               Outbound delivery and sale              After-sales and customer
      Regulations on Drug                     Regulations on Drug                                  service
      Procurement                             Transportation                          Operation Procedures for
                                                                                      Medical Information Consultation
      Regulations on Drug Reception           Regulations on Drug Sale                and Processing
      Regulations on Drug Check and           Regulations on Quality Inquiry          Regulations on Quality
      Acceptance                                                                      Complaints
                                              Provisions for Label Control and
      Regulations on Drug Storage             Management                              Regulations on Drug Recall
      Regulations on Drug                     Speakers Regulations                    Operation Procedures for Drug
      Maintenance                                                                     Recall
                                              Academic Promotion Materials
      Regulations on Purchaser                Regulations                             Management Regulations on
      Qualification Review                                                            Drug Adverse Reaction Reporting
                                              Drug Advertisements                     and Monitoring, etc.
      Management Procedures for               Regulations, etc.
      Production Planning Order

      Management Procedures for
      Production Process

      Operation Procedures for Internal
      Quality Audit, etc.



     At the same time, the Group provides regular on-the-job trainings for employees involved in drug procurement,
     storage, production and quality inspection. The training contents include laws and regulations of drug and medical
     device, documents of quality management system, management of special drug, knowledge and verification of cold
     chain, etc.


     4.1.1 Quality Safety
     The finished drugs promoted and sold by the Group are mainly manufactured in countries of manufacturing origins
     (the suppliers) such as Germany, Denmark, the United Kingdom and France. Pharmaceutical manufacturers in
     Europe, the United States and other developed countries have higher quality management standards and standards
     to ensure product quality. A small fraction of the rest are self-produced (during the Reporting Period, self-produced
     products only accounted for around 4% of the Group’s total sales excluding the effect of the “two-invoice system”).
     All drugs promoted and sold by the Group have been registered and approved by China NMPA. 100% percent of the
     subsidiaries with core business in pharmaceutical promotions and sales have passed GSP inspection, and 100% of
     the subsidiaries with core business in pharmaceutical manufacturing have passed GMP inspection.




66   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                  Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                          (CONTINUED)




For self-produced products, the Group has strict selection criteria for material suppliers and classifies suppliers
according to the importance of materials. Class A material suppliers, which have important impact on drug quality
and medication safety, are required to undergo on-site inspection and audit at least once a year. The Group carefully
inspects incoming materials, including checking information, sampling and testing before putting into use. For finished
products, the Group inspects each batch to ensure the integrity and safety of packaging before entering the market.
For specific products, samples are taken strictly according to national standards before outbound delivery to test
stability, to ensure that products quality align with national drug standards. The Group regularly checks the status
of production equipments, strictly records the production parameters and the operation process, and assigns full-
time personnel to monitor the entire manufacturing process. The Group has built a traceable product and material
information database. In the case of unqualified raw materials or finished products, they will be handled according to
the procedure on unqualified product management. At the same time, a special investigation team will be formed to
do the cause investigation and correction.

For purchased finished products, the Group strictly selects quality drugs with good efficacy and sufficient evidence-
based medical evidence. The Quality Management Department of the Group conducts the inspection as per GSP
requirements once the products arrived, and examines the inspection reports of the same batch (such as Import
Inspection Report and/or Inspection Report of Manufacturer) to ensure quality compliance with national requirements.
The Quality Management Department of the Group shall timely report in writing if any product is found to be
unqualified. When the products are confirmed as unqualified, the Storage and Logistics Department will transfer the
products to the “unqualified zone” for the separate storage. And these products will be recalled and returned to the
supplier, or applied to be discarded or destroyed if necessary. The products need to be destroyed in the “unqualified
zone” will be destroyed annually.

The Group also attaches great importance to the storage and warehousing safety of drugs, and has 24 finished drug
warehouses with well-equipped storage facilities. The Group has drug maintenance personnel, and has formulated
the Regulations on Drug Maintenance, Regulations on Drug Storage and Regulations on Warehouse Handling Area
Working Safety Management to standardize the drugs storage work flow. The maintenance staff constantly monitors
the warehouse temperature and humidity and the storage condition of the drugs, conducts regular inspections on and
maintenance of facilities and equipment, and summarizes and analyzes the product maintenance status quarterly. The
Group and its subsidiaries’ Quality Management Department conduct at least one internal audit per year, evaluating
the status of warehouse hygiene, drug stacking and bulk goods storage and monitoring improvement progresses.

The Group has formulated the Drug Traceability Management System , and self-built an ERP system that complies with
GSP requirements to apply effective quality control in processes of procurement, storage, sale, and transportation of
drugs to ensure quality. At the same time, with the help of digital traceability tools, the Group ensures that the source
of the materials, manufacturing, delivery and sales of products is traceable, so as to guarantee that the source and
destination of drugs can be traced.

During the Reporting Period, the Group actively received inspections from external institutions or government
departments, and none serious violation was found. As for a few rectification suggestions put forward by external
inspection organizations, the Group actively completed all rectification projects in time.




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          67
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2020
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




     4.1.2 Customer Complaint and Product Adverse Reaction
     Oriented with creating value for customers, the Group has established a complete customer complaint and product
     adverse reaction handling system, providing customers with solutions to after-sales problems. Customers can
     complain or report to the Group via telephone, fax, email, etc. After receiving complaints, the Quality Management
     Department of the Group will timely record relevant information into the system and handle the complaints
     hierarchically. Through the investigation and evaluation, follow-up handling, timely feedback, subsequent tracking and
     archiving and filing and other processing procedures, the problems collection, effective handling and timely feedback
     can be realized.


                                                                                              Handing over adverse
                                                                                              reactions/events and
                                                                                              other safety information
                                                                                              to the Pharmacovigilance
                                                                                              Department to enter into
                                                                                              the handling process of
                                                                                              adverse reactions




                                                  Documenting the                            Verifying the quality
                                                  complaints in the system                   problems via investigation
           Quality Management
                                                  within 1 working day and                   to locate their source,
           Department receives
                                                  classifying whether they                   sending the production
           complaints
                                                  are quality issues, adverse                related problems back
                                                  reactions / events or other                to the manufacturer for
                                                  safety information                         further investigation




        Carrying out annual
                                                      Following up on the
        summary and analysis on                                                              Proposing solutions and
                                                      complaints and
        the complaints to optimize                                                           replying to complaints
                                                      resolutions
        the process




                                        Figure 4 Customer Complaint Handling Process

     During the Reporting Period, the Group received a total of 137 complaints. The Group has ensured that all complaints
     were effectively handled and responded and relative improvements were made in time. Therefore, the Group
     maintained a complaint handling rate of 100% during the year.




68   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                                (CONTINUED)




The Group has established a comprehensive pharmacovigilance system to implement product safety evaluation, risk
identification and control for products pre-market clinical trials and post-market stages according to the laws and regulations,
as well as industry guidelines. The Group complies with the Regulations on Drug Safety Information Reporting Management,
Operation Procedures for Safety Report Handling for Individual Case, Regulations on Medical Device Adverse Event
Reporting and Monitoring Management, Operation Procedures for Medical Device Adverse Event Reporting and Monitoring
and other relevant standardized operation procedures to implement regulatory requirements and fulfill the obligations of
domestic and overseas drug and medical device marketing authorization holders (and/or the agents designated by domestic
and overseas marketing authorization holders) for pharmacovigilance / device vigilance. After being informed of the adverse
reaction/event and other safety information, the Pharmacovigilance Department will follow the applicable management
procedures and Standard Operating Procedures, to manage and monitor the adverse reaction/event and other safety
information with the digital pharmacovigilance system. It will timely and truthfully record, investigate, analyze, assess and
summarize adverse reaction/event and other safety information, then report to the regulatory authorities as required, fulfilling
obligations of the security data exchange stated in the relevant agreement. The Pharmacovigilance Department of the Group
regularly evaluates product risks and conducts safety management throughout the product life cycle. In accordance with
the requirements of the latest regulatory laws and regulations, the Group regulates and guides the emergency plan for drug
safety event according to the Operating Procedures for the Drug Safety Event Emergency Plan , timely monitors, evaluates
and controls potential risks, and immediately takes effective measures to deal with them and prevents further damage. The
Group maintains close communication with domestic and overseas drug/medical device marketing authorization holders and
other related partners as well as relevant regulatory authorities to supervise the continuous compliance and improvement of
the Group’s pharmacovigilance quality system, ensuring the medication safety of patients.


                                                                   The Pharmacovigilance           Submitting reports to
                                                                   Department is                   domestic and overseas
                                                                   responsible for call-           regulators;
                                                                   back, investigation and
                                  All employees shall              tracking assistance;            Submitting the report
                                  report the relevant                                              to domestic and
                                  information to the               For combined quality            overseas partners or
                                  Pharmacovigilance                complaints, if any,             pharmaceutical market
 Adverse reaction/event           Department as per the            submitting to the               authorization holders as
 reports are collected            principle of “immediate          Quality Management              required by the security
 by a designated full-            reporting in case of             Department for further          data exchange protocol;
 time personnel of the            suspicion”;                      handling;
 Pharmacovigilance                                                                                 Taking immediate and
 Department                       Reports obtained from            Activating an                   effective measures
                                  other sources are                emergency plan in the a         based on the procedure
                                  handled in accordance            major security incident;        in case of a change in
                                  with relevant processes                                          major security event/
                                  and timelines                    Judging and evaluating          information;
                                                                   relevant reports in a
                                                                   hierarchical manner             Assessing and
                                                                   in compliance with              monitoring the risks of
                                                                   applicable laws and             the Group’s products
                                                                   regulations                     regularly




                                    Figure 5 Adverse Reaction/Event Handling Process


                                                                                  CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED            69
                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2020
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




     4.1.3 Product Recall
     The Group has formed relatively complete and mature recall mechanisms and operational procedures. If any hidden
     safety hazard occurs to products, the Group will immediately form a recall work team to initiate the recall process.
     It includes full notification, submission of the relevant documents to the regulatory authorities, transportation of
     the circulated products, sealing of inventory, unified and isolated storage, comprehensive inspection, full-process
     investigation, and written summary, etc. The relevant departments and subsidiaries of the Group regularly hold mock
     recall drills to ensure effective recall of defective products in the shortest time in case of an emergency, so as to
     protect customers’ rights and interests.

     During the Reporting Period, the Group did not receive any sold and delivered product recalls due to safety and health
     problems.

     The Group’s product and service quality data in 2020 is shown below:

                                           Table 8 Product and Service Quality Data


                                                                                                   Unit      Year 2020
      Response and handling rate for product and service quality related complaints                  %           100
      Percentage of sold and delivered product recalls due to safety and health problems             %            0


     4.1.4 Product Labeling and Promotion
     The Group has set the Provisions for Label Control and Management to ensure that drug classification and packaging
     labeling comply with local laws and regulations, and formulated the Operation Procedure of Design, Review and
     Approval of Printing Packaging Materials to ensure that product labeling strictly complies with registration approval
     requirements. The Group takes samples and checks drug labels, and uses anti-counterfeiting marks to prevent
     counterfeiting. The Group pays attention to marketing and promotion compliance. The internal regulations clearly
     stipulate that promotion materials shall be consistent with the instructions approved by the China NMPA, and can
     only be published in professional magazines co-designated by the National Health Commission and the NMPA of
     China after being reviewed by related internal departments, and being approved by the Provincial Medical Products
     Administration, to ensure the accuracy, professionalism and compliance of promotion materials.


     4.1.5 Consumer Privacy Protection
     The Group attaches great importance to privacy rights of consumers and protects the privacy information on behalf of
     customers and other stakeholders in accordance with related laws and regulations as well as applicable contracts.




70   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                   Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                            (CONTINUED)




Internally, the Group has formed the CMS Employee Code of Professional Ethics and CMS Employee Manual
to regulate the employees’ behavior. During the Reporting Period, the Group published the CMS Confidentiality
Regulations , clarifying the privacy and confidentiality principle of the third parties, defining the scope of confidential
information, and clearly requiring all employees to maintain the strict confidentiality of the privacy information of
consumers. In addition, the Group has signed confidentiality agreements with all its employees to convey and
emphasize the importance of confidentiality duties and the legal consequences of breach. The authorization
mechanism of the Group’s business system requires employees to inquire and maintain customer data with limited
authorization. Non-authorized employees cannot use, export or copy any customer information.

Externally, the Group explicitly requires the digital pharmacovigilance system supplier and other third parties who may
have access to consumers’ privacy information to strictly comply with the requirements of international and Chinese
regulations through contracts, to maintain information security, and protect consumers’ privacy.


4.2 Protection of Intellectual Properties Rights
The Group regards intellectual property rights (such as trademarks, patents, confidential information, production know-
how, etc.) as important assets, respects and protects all the intellectual property rights related to the Group’s business
and their owners’ interests. The Group strictly abides by applicable laws and regulations. External trademarks
and patents of the third parties are used for business operation in strict accordance with the applicable laws and
regulations and with authorization obtained to avoid infringing others’ intellectual property rights. At the same time, the
Group pays attention to the comprehensive protection of its intellectual property rights and has registered trademarks
for its name, logo and products have registered trademarks, which are prominently used in product packaging and
advertising to deepen the impression of the public. In addition, the CMS Code of Trademark Use is in place to regulate
the use of the Group’s trademarks. The in-house developed ERP system is protected with software copyright. If any
suspected infringement on intellectual property rights is found, the Legal Department of the Group will timely take
corresponding measures.

During the Reporting Period, the Group did not violate any related laws or provisions that significantly impact the
Group in health and safety, advertising, labels, privacy, intellectual property rights and remedial measures for its
products and services.


4.3 Improvement of Healthcare Accessibility
The Group focuses on the health needs of patients and strives to improve the accessibility of medical and health
products in the Chinese market. The Group’s existing products cover cardio-cerebrovascular, digestion and
ophthalmology, dermatology etc., all of which have sufficient evidence-based medical evidence, good reputation,
relatively low daily treatment cost and high cost-effectiveness. At the same time, the Group attaches great importance
to the expansion and penetration of the county-level and lower-tier markets, and the coverage of China’s primary
medical institutions, striving to improve the accessibility of quality medical products in the entire country. Through
the unremitting efforts, the Group is looking forward to helping more Chinese patients and their families to access
affordable and quality drugs.




                                                                               CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          71
                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2020
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




     At the same time, the Group focuses on the unmet medical needs in China and is committed to bringing new or better
     treatment options to patients of different ages and suffering from various diseases. With innovative research as its core
     strategy, the Group has deployed the innovative pipeline with differentiation advantages globally to meet the unmet
     medical needs in Chinese pharmaceutical market. As at 31 Dec, 2020, the Group has owned more than 20 innovative
     products with competitive differentiation advantages, including: the only FDA-approved Diazepam Nasal Spray for
     acute repetitive seizures in patients aged 6 and above. We believe that once the Diazepam Nasal Spray is approved in
     China, it will become a first-aid medicine that is safe and convenient to use outside the medical setting and has a very
     rapid onset of action for patients with acute repetitive seizures, especially for children aged 6 and older; the Group’s
     blockbuster product, Tildrakizumab, is expected to provide the most cost-effective monoclonal antibody treatment
     option for patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis. With the increasing obese and overweigh population in
     China, the Group actively deployed PLENITY®, a safe and effective orally-administered weight management product
     made from naturally derived materials, in order to “reduce the burden” of these people. In the future, the Group will
     make unremitting efforts to develop more innovative drugs that are safer, more effective and more cost-effective to
     protect more Chinese families’ healthy lives.


     5.     People-oriented Practice
     Based on the concept of “striver-oriented”, the Group regards employees as its most valuable assets. Strictly abiding
     by relevant national laws and regulations, the Group develops the CMS Employee Manual covering employment,
     employee health and safety, development and training, labor standards and other related contents. The Group ensures
     employment compliance, firmly resists child and forced labor, sets reasonable working hours and holidays, formulates
     recruitment, promotion, compensation and dismissal regulations according to law, establishes the multi-level career
     development paths and the fair and reasonable incentive mechanism, and guides the continuous improvement of
     employees’ ability and professionalism through diversified training; at the same time, the Group adopts various means
     to ensure the employees’ health and safety, creating a good working environment and atmosphere for all employees;
     the Group advocates equal opportunities and multiculturalism, and attaches importance to employee care and welfare.

     During the Reporting Period, the Group strictly adhered to relevant national laws and regulations in terms of
     employment, occupational health and safety, and labor standards, including but not limited to those listed in the
     following table, and did not violate any applicable laws and regulations.




72   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                  Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                          (CONTINUED)




                        Table 9 Laws and Regulations Related to Responsibilities to Employees


          Field                                          Major laws and regulations
                         The Labor Contract Law of the People’s Republic of China, Labor Law of the People’s
                         Republic of China, Regulations on the Implementation of the Labor Contract Law of the
 Employees’ rights
                         People’s Republic of China, Social Insurance Law of the People’s Republic of China,
   and interests
                         Minimum Wage Provisions, Rules of the State Council on Working Hours of Workers and
                         Staff Members, and Special Rules on the Labor Protection of Female Employees, etc.
                         The Work Safety Law of the People’s Republic of China, Law of the People’s Republic of
    Occupational
                         China on Prevention and Control of Occupational Diseases, Regulations on Work-Related
  health and safety
                         Injury Insurances, Regulations on Occupational Safety and Health, etc.
     Employment          The Special Rules on the Protection of Juvenile Workers, Provisions on the Prohibition of
     compliance          Child Labor, Law of the People’s Republic of China on the Protection of Minors, etc.


5.1 Employee Responsibility and Development
5.1.1 Employment, Rights and Interests
The Group always adheres to legal and compliant employee recruitment. The Group promises to sign, modify, rescind
or terminate the labor contracts with employees as per the applicable national laws and regulations and its internal
relevant rules and requirements. The employment relationship is based on signing the consensual and voluntary labor
contract. The Group’s labor contract stipulates the authenticity of candidates’ personal information. In the process of
recruitment procedures, the Human Resource Management Department checks the identity documents of employees
twice to ensure that the employees are legally employed and to prevent child and forced labor from the origin. If any
violation such as child labor or forced labor is found, the employment relationship will be determined to be invalid, the
labor contract will be immediately rescinded, and the payable wages and other compensation prescribed by law will
be paid.

During the Reporting Period, the Group employed no child labors or forced labors, and there was no downsizing.

The Group’s employment and turnover data of employees in 2020 is shown below:

                                           Table 10 Employment Information


                                                                                      Unit              Year 2020
 Total number of employees                                                           Person                4,372
      -    Number of male employees                                                  Person                2,024
      -    Number of female employees                                                Person                2,348
      -    Number of contracted employees                                            Person                4,372
      -    Number of dispatched employees                                            Person                  0
      -    Number of employees aged under 30                                         Person                2,180
      -    Number of employees aged 30-50                                            Person                2,042
      -    Number of employees aged over 50                                          Person                 150



                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          73
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2020
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




                                                Table 11 Employee Turnover Rate


                                                                                           Unit              Year 2020
      Turnover rate of employees                                                            %                    13.9
           -    Turnover rate of male employees                                             %                    14.2
           -    Turnover rate of female employees                                           %                    13.7
           -    Turnover rate of employees aged under 30                                    %                    19.3
           -    Turnover rate of employees aged 30-50                                       %                    7.9
           -    Turnover rate of employees aged over 50                                     %                    6.8


     In addition, the Group strives for a fair, respectful and diverse working environment and adheres to the principles of
     anti-discrimination and equal opportunity in human resources decisions such as recruitment, employment, working
     hours, incentive and promotion. The Group ensures that employees are not treated unfairly due to factors such as
     race, age, gender, religion, nationality, region, marital status, pregnancy status, disability, etc., and has established
     relevant complaint and punishment mechanisms for discrimination and harassment to ensure employees’ rights. The
     Group conducts unified management on both non-regular and regular employees to ensure that all employees are
     treated fairly. In addition, the Group has set up the Special Collective Contract for the Protection of the Rights and
     Interests of Female Employees to protect the rights and interests of female employees. Female employees of the
     Group are entitled to statutory holidays during pregnancy, maternity and lactation, and are given reasonable care and
     consideration.

     The Group encourages equal communication and supports employees to interact with the Company personally
     or through the labor union, to build a harmonious labor relationship. All the employees can communicate with the
     management through the internal ERP platform, telephone and face-to-face dialogues. In addition, the labor unions of
     the Group’s subsidiaries have established employee reception room, management reception day and feedback box,
     and given replies regularly to staff suggestions. The Human Resource Management Department conducts employee
     satisfaction surveys from time to time to understand employees’ thoughts and working satisfaction, and timely reports
     to the management and conducts improvement.

     During the Reporting Period, all the labor unions of the Group actively carried out employee exchanges or welfare
     activities, protected the rights and interests of employees, and increased the channel of mutual communication
     between employees and the Company.


     5.1.2 Recruitment, Working Hours, Compensation and Promotion
     The Group develops the Social Recruitment Process and Campus Recruitment Process , recruiting new employees
     through multi-channels such as campus recruitment, internal recommendation, online recruitment, etc. to ensure the
     employment of high-quality and suitable talents and meet the Company’s demand for talents through the fair, impartial,
     open and standardized employment process, meeting the Company’s demand for talents. At the same time, the
     Group carries out an annual internship plan, to recruit college student reaching the legal working age for the internship
     training program, offering internship salary and corresponding benefits according to legal requirements, in order to
     promote the Group’s communication with colleges and universities, and expand the Group’s social influence, as well
     as create a professional and efficient talent pool for the Group.



74   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                   Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                           (CONTINUED)




The Group has flexible working hours and vacation policies, sets minimum working hours according to the
requirements of laws and regulations and implements a flexible working hour system. Employees may reasonably
arrange the working pace according to their own needs. All the employees of the Group are entitled to leave according
to law, and their posts will be 100% kept during the leave. At the same time, according to the employee handbook,
any employee whose overtime application is approved will be compensated legally.

The Group’s compensation system is inclined to “posts and people who creates value”. The employees’compensation
and benefits depend on the Company’s performance and their own performance. The Human Resource Department
of the Group dynamically reviews the employees’ remuneration level according to the Consumer Price Index (“CPI”)
and compares internal and external remuneration levels once a year based on the remuneration report of professional
consulting companies to ensure that employees receive fair and competitive salaries and remuneration. During the
Reporting Period, the Group carried out level-of-position review and person-post matching certification, and promoted
salary adjustment according to the certification results, ensuring that the salary adjustment was fair and reasonable,
and providing clear career development guidance for employees. In addition, the Group continues to implement
internal incentive policies such as “Hall of Honor Awarding System” and “Annual Incremental Reward Plan” to provide
staged incentives.

The employee promotion within the Group is competence-oriented and follows the talent promotion principle of
“internal selection, step-by-step promotion, classified training, spiral rise, and anomalous promotion in special period”.
In accordance with the guidelines and requirements of performance management and post descriptions, the Group
established various development paths based on different position characteristics, providing the employees with fair,
impartial and open promotion channels and opportunities. As for the appointment and removal of senior management,
the Human Resource Management Department regularly announces of appointment and removal notice to ensure
fairness and effectiveness.

In addition, the Group has established compensation and position application and appeal system. Employees can
apply for position promotion certification. After approval by the professional evaluation team, the results will be
objectively and fairly provided to employees. If employees have any objection to the certification process or results,
they can appeal to the Human Resource Management Department, which will make further verification and give
feedback according to the fact.


5.2 Training and Development
The Group attaches great importance to its employees’ training and empowerment, and encourages employees to
continuously improve their professional abilities and enterprising spirit to realize self-worth. The Group has established
policies such as Provisions on Employee Training and Career Development, Provision on Employee Training Process,
and Provision on Internal Instructor Training to define the Company’s diversified training forms and support the
employees’ rapid growth.




                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          75
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2020
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




     The Group has set up a designated training base in Pingshan, Shenzhen that provides a good centralized training
     environment and atmosphere for employees. The Group regularly releases training materials with the support of digital
     mobile application tools, allowing employees to learn conveniently and effectively. The Group has established the
     “Navigation” training system to build a learning organization and better help employees’ career development. The
     “Navigation” training system has two kinds of training programs: the promotional line and the functional line, covering
     corporate strategy, corporate culture, professional skill and knowledge, job qualification assessment, management
     and leadership skill, policy and regulation, etc., and comprehensively helping employees improve their all-round ability
     through the combination of internal and external training.




      New Recruit Orientation           Intensive Courses             Workshops                       External Training

      • Teambuilding                    • Communication and           • Specialized knowledge         • Advanced education
      • Company culture                   collaboration               • Policies and regulations      • Oriented training
      • Remuneration                    • Problem-solving             • Hot topics                    • Exchange visits
                                        • Occupational skills




                                             Figure 6 “Navigation” Training System




76   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                 Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                    (CONTINUED)




The Group’s employee training data in 2020 is shown below:

                                          Table 12 Employee Training Data


                                                                                   Unit            Year 2020

 Total employees training expenditure                                           Million RMB           5.3

 Training coverage of employees                                                     %                70.7

    -   Training coverage of general employees                                      %                70.5

    -   Training coverage of senior management                                      %                78.9

    -   Training coverage of male employees                                         %                72.6

    -   Training coverage of female employees                                       %                69.1

 Employees training duration per capita                                            Hour              18.5

    -   Training duration per capita for general employees                         Hour              18.6

    -   Training duration per capita for senior management                         Hour              12.6

    -   Training duration per capita for male employees                            Hour              20.2

    -   Training duration per capita for female employees                          Hour              17.0




                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED   77
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2020
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




     5.3 Employees Care
     5.3.1 Occupational Health and Safety
     The Group has formed and constantly improved the employee occupational health and safety system with production
     safety and occupational health as the core under the lead of the safety regulations:




     Regulations on Governing Safety Prevention Responsibility,                        E sta bl i shm e nt o f c hro no l o g i c a l o c c upa ti o na l sa f et y
     Environment and Fire Emergency Plan, Provisions on                                and health documents for employees; complete safety
     Production Safety, Provisions on Crises Management,                               assessment of storage and use of hazardous chemicals
     E m e r g e n c y P l a n , P ro v i s i o n s o n Wo r k p l a c e S a f e t y   timely and report to the safety supervision authority
     Management, etc.




     Safety warning signs and first-aid kits are reasonably set,                       Each subsidiary sets up a leading group for production
     and employees at posts involving health and safety risk are                       s a f e t y i n s p e c t i o n , c a r r i e s o u t a p ro d u c t i o n s a f e t y
     supplied with appropriate personal protective devices such                        responsibility system, and organizes and implements the
     as earplugs, protective gloves, activated carbon anti-toxic                       “Production Safety Month” campaign; conducts assessment
     masks and respirators                                                             of safety production performances and management of
                                                                                       safety production rewards and punishments; and conducts
                                                                                       regular assessments of major hazards and monthly safety
                                                                                       inspections in the workplace to prevent accidents




     A comprehensive production safety training system has                             Provision of annual health check for all employees. During
     been set up, which forms a teaching model with the                                the reporting period, 100% of employees had voluntarily
     combination of teaching and assessment by experts                                 participated in the annual health check
     from the State Administration of Work Safety and internal
     experts, and employees at special posts are required to
     attend external professional training and assessment on a
     regular basis, and to work with qualification license




     During the reporting period, the Shenzhen subsidiary of                           The Group insists to reduce employees’ health risks starting
     the Group worked with relevant property management                                from daily trifles, such as timely changing drinking water
     company to conduct safety and fire emergency drills, and                          filters, regularly cleaning and disinfecting the central air
     the Hebei subsidiary independently conducted emergency                            conditioning and carpets, as well as regularly exterminating
     drills for environmental accidents in hazardous waste                             insects and rats in the workplace
     storage rooms, while the Hunan subsidiary conducted
     emergency drills for safety production and fire proof


                                                      Figure 7 Occupational Health and Safety System

     During the Reporting Period, the Group specially formulated the Regulations on the COVID-19 Prevention and Control
     for the protection of the physical and mental safety of employees during the COVID-19 pandemic period. The Group
     formed a leading group for prevention and control with unified command and hierarchical responsibility. During the
     COVID-19 pandemic period, the Group arranged for special personnel to conduct disinfection in the office every day,
     provided protective materials for employees’ free use, and measured the body temperature of employees regularly, in
     order to ensure their physical and mental health during the pandemic period.



78   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                    Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                         (CONTINUED)




The Group’s employee health and safety data in 2020 is shown below:

                                         Table 13 Employee Health and Safety Data


                                                                                      Unit              Year 2020
 Working days lost due to work-related injury                                         Day                  240
 Number of work-related fatalities                                                  Person                  0
 Proportion of work-related fatalities                                                 %                    0
 Proportion of employees with occupational health checks                               %                   100


5.3.2 Employee Benefits
The Group provides employees with five statutory social insurance schemes (basic endowment insurance, basic
medical insurance, employment injury insurance, maternity insurance and unemployment insurance) and the housing
fund in strict accordance with national regulations. During the Reporting Period, the coverage of employee benefits
was 100%, which including but not limited to the following:


    Providing allowances to fund employees’ round trips for family visit once a year;
    Providing housing allowances to help some employees with housing problems;
    Providing Taikang group accident insurance to employees;
    Providing high-quality health check to help employees understand their health conditions;
    Organizing employees’ sports activities such as badminton and basketball, setting a gym and cooperating with
     big sports venue to enrich employees’ lives;
    Appropriating special funds to encourage team-building activities, enhancing friendships between employees;
    Providing festival gifts and benefits; providing employees with free masks, detergent, hand sanitizer and other
     protective materials for several times during the COVID-19 period;
    Implementing flexible working hours and allowing employees to telecommute, in order to provide convenience for
     employees in a variety of ways.


6.     Cooperation and Mutual Benefit
The Group believes that effective cooperation and management with the upstream and downstream cooperators of
the supply chain are essential to ensure the quality and safety of products and maintain the sustainable development
of the Group. The Group strictly abides by relevant national and local laws and regulations, adheres to the principle of
fairness, and establishes an efficient supply chain management system to ensure the quality of products and services,
reduce procurement risks and improve management efficiency.




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         79
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2020
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




     To build a harmonious, green and high-quality supply chain system, the Group has established a long-term
     communication mechanism with suppliers and distributors through telephone, e-mail and face-to-face visits,
     conducted comprehensive communication on existing problems and assisted partners to perform rectification, and
     maintained lasting and stable strategic partnership to achieve win-win and risk-sharing cooperation. During the
     Reporting Period, the Group took a variety of measures to further encourage suppliers to use more environment-
     friendly products and services, and strengthen the identification, supervision and control of environmental and social
     risks in each segment of the supply chain, making progress together with upstream and downstream partners and
     promoting the sustainable development of the supply chain.

     During the Reporting Period, Shenzhen Kangzhe, a subsidiary of the Group, successfully passed the customs’
     advanced Authorized Economic Operator (AEO) certification and became an enterprise with the highest level of the
     “credit pass” for international trade. AEO certification requires training, auditing and inspection of the supply chain
     process by the customs, which is a high standard identification of the company’s whole supply chain management.


     6.1 Supplier Management
     The Group has established the Regulations on First-time Supplier Qualification Review to comprehensively examine
     the qualification of the first-time suppliers, and also had the Operation Provisions on Internal Quality Audit, Regulations
     on Drug Procurement, Provisions for Material Supplier Management, Operation Procedure of Material Supplier
     Evaluation, Provisions for Material Procurement and other regulations and policies to guide and standardize the
     suppliers selection, monitoring and procurement process.

     The finished drugs that the Group promotes and sells are introduced through asset purchase or long-term sales
     agreement to acquire their related products rights in specified regions, and the production is mainly conducted by
     the original or entrusted manufacturers. Therefore, the Group has sustained long-term and stable strategic relations
     with upstream suppliers. According to the strict selection criteria and Regulations on First-time Supplier Qualification
     Review , the Group checks several aspects of the supplier, include but are not limited to: company scale, history,
     industrial reputation and competitiveness, qualifications, production conditions, product category, quality and prestige,
     after-sales service, environmental protection and social responsibility. For the first-time supplier, the Group firstly
     reviews the completeness, authenticity and legal validity of the company’s profile, and organizes a site inspection
     when necessary and evaluates the supplier’s quality management system. Once the supplier is selected, the Group
     will sign a long-term supply agreement with it and conduct annual quality review at least once a year, then form the
     List of Qualified Suppliers . The Group actively communicates with suppliers and purchases on demand during the
     cooperation. Before importing goods, the supplier is required to provide quality certifications and relevant standard
     indicators are reviewed to confirm that the products meet the requirements. At the same time, the Group has
     established digital purchasing archives, recording the procurement process and timely reporting problems to suppliers
     to urges them to improve.




80   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                  Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                          (CONTINUED)




All production material suppliers are selected as per Provisions for Material Suppliers Management . Before the supplier
is engaged, the Quality Management Department and other relevant departments will jointly conduct a comprehensive
on-site evaluation and auditing, inspect the samples, and a small batch trial production will be conducted when
necessary. Only suppliers who have passed the full review are eligible in the Group’s qualified supplier list. According
to the degree of importance of materials and the results of quality assessment, the Group implements hierarchical
management and annual inspection for qualified suppliers. Among them, the material suppliers of Class A who have a
significant impact on drug quality and safety shall receive an extra annual on-site auditing. The Group timely updates
the suppliers list based on the results of the annual inspection and maintains at least two qualified suppliers for any
production material to ensure the supply of materials in emergency.

If the materials provided by a qualified supplier do not meet the requirements, the Group will first re-inspect the
samples to eliminate the problems in the inspection process. If the sample fails the re-inspection, an unqualified report
will be issued and delivered to the supplier in time, and the unqualified goods will be returned. Supplier who fails to
meet the Group’s requirements twice a year will be disqualified. If goods with any severe defect or significant quality
risks are found, the purchasing will be suspended.

100% of the Group’s finished products and materials suppliers are managed in accordance with above standards.
During the Reporting Period, there was no significant product supply delay from the Group’s suppliers.

The Group’s supplier data in 2020 is shown below:

                                                Table 14 Supplier Data


                                                                                      Unit              Year 2020
 Total number of suppliers                                                          Number                  116
 -   Number of Mainland China suppliers                                             Number                   78
 -   Number of HK SAR, Macao SAR, TWN and overseas suppliers                        Number                   38


6.2 Distributor Management
The Group has established the Regulations on Purchaser Qualification Review, Operation Procedures on Purchaser
Qualification Review and other regulations and policies to support distributors management. The Group’s selection
criteria for distributors includes operation ability, cooperation intention, distribution channel coverage, market
management and control, etc., in order to fully guarantee the distributor’ qualification, credit and compliance, and
ensure product quality and intactness during the distribution process.


6.3 Sustainable Development of Supply Chain
The Group’s supply chain management mainly includes three parts, namely supplier selection, procurement and
production, and distribution. In the whole process, there may be corruption, bribery and unfair competition in biding,
illegal operation of suppliers, substandard quality of products or raw materials, environmental pollution during
transportation and other social and environmental risks. The Group has formulated corresponding prevention and
control measures for potential risks in each part, including but not limited to the following:




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          81
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2020
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




                       Table 15 Abstract of ESG Risk Prevention and Control Measures in Supply Chain


                              •    Adhering to the principle of openness, impartiality and fairness, preventing and
                                   controlling possible corruption risks in the bidding process with participation of multiple
                                   departments
                              •    Including human rights, environmental and social factors into the supplier review;
                                   encouraging and tending to choose suppliers advocating the green environmental
      Supplier selection
                                   protection concept or with relevant qualifications, including but not limited to: ISO
                                   14000, ISO 45001, SA8000, etc.
                              •    If the candidates are on a par, the one in closer proximity will be preferred for more
                                   convenient transportation, to reduce the potential environmental pollution to the
                                   environment during the shipment

                              •    In the agreement with suppliers, clearly stating quality credibility and supply integrity, in
                                   order to realize integrity in supply chain
                              •    Stating anti-bribery and anti-corruption requirements in the supplier’s contract, and
                                   requiring suppliers to comply with the local regulatory requirements for operations and
      Procurement and              production, so as to prevent relevant social risks
      production              •    In view of the possible impact of packaging materials used in the production process
                                   on product quality and environmental pollution risk, suppliers are required to use
                                   packaging materials in compliance with the environmental protection standards.
                                   The inner packaging in contact with drugs is required to be at least the food-grade
                                   packaging to ensure product safety and realize green packaging

                              •    Preferring large-scale distributors with comprehensive distribution channels coverage
      Distribution
                                   to reduce the negative environmental impact in logistics


     During the Reporting Period, the Group invited its core suppliers to sign the Supplier Statement to express their
     commitment in anti-corruption, labor compliance, environmental protection, etc. This program is still ongoing. Through
     a series of management measures and regulations, the Group has identified the environmental and social risks in
     each segment of the supply chain while striving to ensure the compliance and safety of the supply chain, encouraged
     suppliers to use more environment-friendly products and services, and implemented the concept of environmental
     protection and sustainable development.




82   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                           Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                   (CONTINUED)




                              Table 16 Abstract of the Supplier Statement


       Field                                                  Abstract

                      •   Following applicable laws, regulations, standards, guidelines and criterions, including
                          but not limited to the GSP, advertising law and patent law, etc.
                      •   Providing high-quality, safe and effective products and services that comply with
Compliant operation
                          applicable laws, regulations, quality requirements and standards
and business ethics
                      •   Resolutely resisting on bid rigging, bidding collusion, acceptance of kickbacks and
                          other unfair competition, and keeping zero tolerance for any form of corruption,
                          extortion or bribery

                      •   Respecting the protection of internationally recognized human rights and avoiding
                          human rights violation
                      •   Avoiding all forms of child labor, forced and compulsory labor
                      •   Respecting personal dignity, privacy and rights, abiding by the maximum working
 Human rights and
                          hours stipulated by relevant laws, and providing fair remuneration
  labor standards
                      •   Promoting equal opportunity and treatment of employees, and not discriminating
                          against or harass for any reason
                      •   Complying with laws and standards related to occupational health and safety, and
                          providing safe working environment

  Environmental       •   Complying with environmental laws and standards
    protection        •   Establishing a reasonable internal environmental management system

                      •   Facilitating the economic and social development of the community
Community culture     •   Ensuring the full respect for the human rights, dignity, culture, and the survival by
                          reliance on natural resources




                                                                      CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         83
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2020
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




     7.      Environmental Protection
     The Group always insists on contributing its corporate strength to the protection of the ecological environment, actively
     manages and controls the impact of production and operation on the surrounding environment, and strictly abides by
     various national laws and regulations, including but not limited to:

                                Table 17 Environmental Protection-related Laws and Regulations


               Field                                          Major laws and regulations

           Environmental       Environmental Protection Law of the People’s Republic of China, Environmental Impact
             protection        Assessment Act of the People’s Republic of China, etc.

                               Law of the People’s Republic of China on the Prevention and Control of Atmospheric
                               Pollution, Law of the People’s Republic of China on the Prevention and Control of Solid
                               Waste Pollution, Law of the People’s Republic of China on Prevention and Control of
                               Environmental Noise Pollution, Law of the People’s Republic of China on Prevention and
                               Control of Water Pollution, Emission Control Standard of Volatile Organic Compounds
          Emission control     for Industrial Enterprises, Standard for Pollution Control on the Storage and Disposal Site
                               of General Industrial Solid Wastes, Standard for Pollution Control on Hazardous Waste
                               Storage, Emission Standard of Boiler Air Pollutants, Integrated Wastewater Discharge
                               Standard, Wastewater Quality Standards for Discharge to Municipal Sewers, Discharge
                               Standard of Pollutants for Municipal Wastewater Treatment Plants, Emission Standard for
                               Industrial Enterprises Noise at Boundary, etc.

                               Law of the People’s Republic of China on Conserving Energy, Law of the People’s
            Resource
                               Republic of China on Promoting Clean Production, Circular Economy Promotion Law of
           management
                               the People’s Republic of China, etc.


     The Group and its subsidiaries have established and continuously improved the environmental management system,
     and fully implemented environmental protection works. The Group has formulated the Integrated Emergency
     Response Plan for Environmental Incidents and set up the emergency response organization with detailed solutions
     and responsible departments for various environmental risks. During the Reporting Period, the Group’s Audit
     Department conducted a comprehensive environmental internal audit on its subsidiary Kangzhe (Hunan) Medical Co.,
     Ltd. (“Kangzhe Hunan”) about environmental issues such as pollutant emission management, resource management,
     ecological protection, climate change risk response, etc, to ensure the standardization of environmental management.




84   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                  Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                         (CONTINUED)




7.1 Emission Control
Based on the business types, the Group and its subsidiaries have formulated a series of internal environmental
management regulations such as Regulations on Environmental Protection, Exhaust Gas Emission Management
Procedures, Wastewater Management Procedures, Resource-conserving Management Regulations, Provisions on
Quality-Control Laboratory Waste Management, Regulations of Boilers Management , etc., covering key businesses
units that generate environmental pollutants and consume environmental resources.

The Group’s business mainly includes pharmaceutical promotion and marketing business, pharmaceutical production
business, and agriculture and livestock business. Among them, pharmaceutical promotion and marketing are main
businesses. The pharmaceutical production business is mainly carried out by Kangzhe Hunan, Hebei Xinglong Xili
Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Hebei Xili”) and Pingshan Manufacture Base of Shenzhen Kangzhe Pharmaceutical Co.,
Ltd. (“Pingshan Factory”) (where Pingshan Factory did not carry out any production during the Reporting Period,
but mainly served as an employee training base and for warehousing). The Group has small-scale pharmaceutical
production business. During the Reporting Period, the sale of self-produced products only accounted for around 4%
of its turnover after excluding the effect of the “two-invoice system”. The agriculture and livestock business is mainly
carried out by Hunan Kangzhe Agricultural and Livestock Development Co., Ltd. (“Hunan Agriculture and Livestock”).
The products provided by Hunan Agriculture and Livestock are only for internal consumption and had no contribution
to the Group’s turnover during the Reporting Period. Due to the Group’s business characteristic, the total amount
of environmental pollutants produced was limited, and the impact on the environment and natural resources was
insignificant.

During the Reporting Period, the Group did not have any significant pollution incident.


7.1.1 Solid Waste Management
The Group has established the management process for solid wastes and formulated relevant internal management
rules and regulations such as the Management Procedure of Hazardous Chemicals, Regulations on Hazardous
Waste, Regulations on Toxic Products , etc., to enable a whole-process management, including the storage, use, and
treatment of hazardous materials. The solid waste generated by the Group’s production and operation activities mainly
consist of herb residue, a small amount of chemical agents, animal excrement from agriculture and livestock business,
office waste, etc.

During the Reporting Period, the Group’s Administration Department carried out training on the garbage classification
training and corresponding assessment for all employees in the Group’s Shenzhen office, and conducted assessments
to ensure that the employees fully understand the dumping rules, which is helpful for office waste management. As at
December 31, 2020, the pass rate of the assessment was 100%. The training and assessment are still going on. The
Group’s management measures for solid waste also include:




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         85
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2020
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




                                                           Agriculture and
          Pharmaceutical production waste                                                       Office waste
                                                           livestock waste

          Herb residues are mainly particle filter      Adopting automatic             Reducing use of disposable
           residues (lignin) and a small amount of        collection devices to           tableware in canteens;
           insoluble extractives, which are non-          collect animal excrement       Putting on saving-paper signs
           hazardous solid waste. The Company             and making into organic         in the restrooms;
           timely transports the residues to a            fertilizers for crops via      Assigning dedicated personnel
           third-party company specialized in             biological fermentation         to collect domestic waste, and
           environmental protection technology                                            then putting into the unified
           for fuel processing;                                                           designated garbage collection
          The subsidiary Hunan Agriculture                                               points;
           and Livestock has set up storage                                              Imposing monthly quota on
           tanks to receive the waste medicine                                            garbage bag and tissue for
           residues from Kangzhe Hunan, which                                             each department;
           will ferment after mixing with organic                                        Encouraging employees
           fertilizer in a certain proportion to                                          to exercise the garbage
           produce efficient fertilizer for crops,                                        classification, regular handling
           realizing the ecological and organic                                           of non-recyclable waste by
           recycling of waste;                                                            the property company, while
          Strictly implementing the management                                           recycling or reusing paper,
           of the use of related chemicals                                                metal, plastic, glass and other
           and reagents, ordering and using                                               recyclable waste
           chemicals according to the needs.
           Waste liquid is collected and stored by
           classification, and timely and properly
           disposed;
          The used chemicals are collected and
           stored in the temporary hazardous
           waste storage room in time, and a
           third-party specialized hazardous
           waste disposal company is entrusted
           to transfer out those hazardous
           wastes on a regular basis;
          The operating procedure is strictly
           carried out in the wastewater
           treatment station to control impurities
           and reduce the amount of sludge.
           In addition, oil separation tank and
           septic tank are established for primary
           treatment of the sludge




86   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                 Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                          (CONTINUED)




The Group’s solid waste data in 2020 is shown below:

                                              Table 18 Solid Waste Data


                                                         Unit                                Year 2020
 Hazardous waste                                         Ton                                      4.3
 Hazardous waste intensity                         Ton/million RMB                              0.00054
 Non-hazardous waste                                     Ton                                    1,531.3
       -   Herb residue                                  Ton                                    1,413.0
       -   Sewage sludge                                 Ton                                     10.6
       -   Household garbage                             Ton                                     107.8
 Non-hazardous waste intensity                     Ton/million RMB                               0.19


7.1.2 Air Pollutant Management
Based on the applicability of business types, the Group has formulated internal regulations such as Operation
Regulations of Steam Boilers, Operation Regulation of Exhaust Gas , etc., to standardize the air pollutant treatment
process and minimize the adverse impact of exhaust gas emission on the atmospheric environment.

During the Reporting Period, the Group continued to use clean energy for boiler operation: Kangzhe Hunan mainly
used natural gas as fuel, while Hebei Xili used alcohol-based liquid fuel to run the boilers. Through continuous
optimization of production plan, the Group has continuously optimized its production plans to improve boiler operation
efficiency to save energy and reduce emissions. The Group’s air pollutant management measures also include:


                    Kangzhe Hunan                                                  Hebei Xili

     The exhaust gas of the natural gas boiler is              The environment-friendly alcohol-based liquid fuel
      delivered to activated carbon absorption devices           is used for boilers;
      to remove Nitrogen Oxide, Sulfur Dioxide, and             Insisting on purchasing quality fuel to reduce the
      Particulate Matter, followed by wet-spraying.              emission of exhaust pollutants;
      Normative exhaust gas is discharged at a specified        Entrusting a third-party professional testing agency
      altitude. Wastewater of wet sprinkler devices              for quarterly sampling of the exhaust gas emitted
      flows to the self-built sewage treatment station for       by steam boilers. During the Reporting Period, the
      treatment and recycling;                                   monitoring results showed that exhaust emission
     Entrusting a third-party professional testing agency       met the specified air pollutant emission limits
      for quarterly sampling of the exhaust gas emitted
      by steam boilers. During the Reporting Period, the
      monitoring results showed that exhaust emission
      met the specified air pollutant emission limits




                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        87
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2020
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




     The Group’s air pollutant emission data in 2020 is shown below:

                                             Table 19 Air Pollutant Emission Data


                                                              Unit                                Year 2020
      Sulfur Dioxide (SO2)                                    Kg                                      0.0
      Nitrogen Oxide (NOx)                                    Kg                                   1,838.1
      Particulate Matter (PM)                                 Kg                                    157.7


     7.1.3 GHG Management
     A large amount of GHG emission will have a severe impact on the climate system of the Earth. In September 2020,
     China proposed to strive to reach the peak of carbon emissions by 2030 and exert very effort to achieve “carbon
     neutrality” by 2060. The Group is well aware of the close relationship between enterprise operation and climate
     change, and also pays close attention to the risks and opportunities brought by the climate change. The Group’s direct
     GHG emissions mostly come from energy consumption of natural gas, alcohol-based liquid fuels, gasoline, diesel
     oil, etc., and indirect emissions of purchased electricity. The total GHG emission intensity of the Group is expected
     to be reduced by at least 5% by the end of 2023, comparing with 2020. In order to achieving this target, the Group
     has been actively choosing clean and efficient energy and is committed to downsizing energy consumption to reduce
     direct and indirect GHG emission, the detail of relevant measures can be found in the 7.2 Resource Management
     section.

     The Group’s GHG emission data in 2020 is shown below:

                                                   Table 20 GHG Emission Data


                                                                                  Unit                  Year 2020
      Direct GHG emission (Scope 1)                                             Ton CO2e                    5,876.0
      Indirect GHG emission (Scope 2)                                           Ton CO2e                    6,686.2
      Total GHG emission (Scope 1 + 2)                                          Ton CO2e                 12,562.3
      Total GHG emission (Scope 1 + 2) intensity                        Ton CO2e /million RMB                1.58




88   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                 Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                       (CONTINUED)




7.1.4 Wastewater Management
The Group has formulated internal regulations, such as the Operating Procedure for Wastewater, Job Duties for
Wastewater Treatment , etc. to strengthen wastewater discharge control. The Group’s wastewater management
measures include but are not limited to:


          Kangzhe Hunan                          Hebei Xili                 Hunan Agriculture and Livestock

     In 2019, a new wastewater            After treatment of the          Actively growing turfs and other plants
      treatment facility with a daily       Company’s sewage                 around animal houses and parks to
      capacity of 200 tons was              treatment station, the           purify outdoor residual animal dung
      built and has been put into           qualified wastewater             water outdoor;
      trial operation during the            flows into the municipal        The wastewater is filtered and
      Reporting Period, increasing          wastewater treatment             settled via the protective ditch and
      the combined wastewater               plant                            sedimentation tank around the animal
      treatment capacity to 300                                              houses and the parks, and then
      tons/ day                                                              discharged into the underground
                                                                             sewer system



The Group’s wastewater discharge data in 2020 is shown below:

                                  Table 21 Wastewater and Pollutant Components Data


                                                                                     Unit             Year 2020
                                                                                       3
 Wastewater                                                                          m                 71,298.0
                                                                                 3
 Wastewater intensity                                                          m /million RMB            8.96
 Ammonia Nitrogen (NH3-N)                                                            Ton                 0.03
 Chemical Oxygen Demand (COD)                                                        Ton                  0.7


7.1.5 Noise Management
Regarding the noise generated by the machine operation during drug production, the Group strictly manages the
noise emission, monitoring regularly and requiring the susceptible employees to wear protection appliances. During
the Reporting Period, Kangzhe Hunan, a subsidiary of the Group, employed the horizontal centrifuges in the oral liquid
powder workshop to reduce noise, and set noise barriers outside the equipment room and added sound insulation
cotton inside to further reduce the impact of equipment noise on the operators and surrounding residents.

During the Reporting Period, the noise monitoring results of the Group met the requirements and did not have a
significant negative impact on the staff’s occupational health and the ecological environment.




                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        89
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2020
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




     7.2 Resource Management
     The Group promotes the concept of energy conserving, efficiency improving and low-carbon development, and has
     formulated the Management Regulations on Energy Conservation and Consumption Reduction of CMS Headquarters
     Office and Regulations on Resource Conservation Management , etc. to promote the efficient utilization of energy,
     water resource and packaging materials, striving to reduce the impact on the environment and natural resources.
     During the Reporting Period, the Administration Department of the Group initiated the “Energy Conserving and
     Consumption Reduction” program to promote the healthy lifestyle of “Green Office and Low-carbon Life” in four
     aspects: energy conservation, water conservation, paper and consumable conservation, and environmental protection
     and personal hygiene, so as to improve employees’ awareness of energy conservation and consumption reduction,
     create a thrifty, low-carbon and environmental friendly corporate culture, and strictly implement personal hygiene
     management during the time of pandemic prevention and control.


     7.2.1 Energy Conservation
     The Group attaches importance to energy management by adopting the following measures to promote energy
     conservation and efficient utilization, and to reduce the GHG emission from the energy consumption. Compared to
     2019, the Group saved alcohol-based liquid fuel by 8.6% and gasoline by 26.0% in 2020.


               Electricity                    Boiler fuel                     Gasoline                     Diesel oil

      Electricity is mainly used for   Boiler fuel is mainly used    Gasoline consumption           Diesel oil consumption
      drug production and daily        for drug production:          mainly comes from the use      mainly comes from the
      office use:                       Purchasing high-            of office vehicles:            use of greenhouses’
       Assigning specialists                quality fuels,           Establishing the             insulation equipments
            to conduct routine               implementing                  Regulations on           and vehicles for the
            inspections on the use           fuel inspection to            Vehicle Management,      agricultural and livestock
            of electricity;                  ensure efficient fuel         implementing             business, and standby
       Posting signs to                     utilization;                  vehicle registration     power generators for the
            promote energy              Strictly preventing               and approval             drug production business:
            conservation and                 the energy waste              system for vehicle        Using natural water
            emission reduction;              due to steam and              use, encouraging              from reservoirs for
       Installing induction                 liquid leakage or             employees to travel           irrigation to reduce
            lamps and LED                    dripping etc.;                together to reduce the        the frequency of
            energy-saving lamps;        Maintaining boiler                frequency of vehicle          diesel engines use;
       Setting the air o                    regularly to ensure           use;                      Operating the diesel
            conditioners at 26 C,            reasonable and           Encouraging                       generators as per
            regularly maintaining            efficient use of gas          employees to walk             practical demand,
            the air conditioners             boilers;                      or take the battery-          and conducting
            to reduce energy            Detecting and                     powered bicycles in           regular maintenance
            consumption;                     repairing the leakage         industry park as much
       Modifying                            of volatile organic           as possible;
            unreasonable power               compounds on a           Regularly inspecting
            transformation lines             regular basis to              and maintaining the
            that wastes electricity          reduce emission               vehicle; requiring
            in office area                   and leakage of the            drivers to do mileage
                                             sealing points;               registration
                                        Using small gas-
                                             fired boilers, with
                                             reasonable allocation
                                             based on actual
                                             needs



90   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                  Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                          (CONTINUED)




7.2.2 Water Conservation
The Group’s water consumption includes: drug production and cleaning in drug plants, agricultural irrigation and
livestock cultivation, and domestic use by employees. Hebei Xili, a subsidiary of the Group has established the Water-
saving Measures of Hebei Xili to standardize the utilization of water in the plant area. The Group is committed to
improving employees’ water saving awareness and advocats water water cyclic utilization. The Group conducts the
following measures to reduce water consumption and achieve reasonable control of water utilization based on the
actual production scale.


  Water for drug production and            Water for agricultural irrigation
                                                                                   Domestic water for employees
             cleaning                        and livestock cultivation

     Installing multi-level water           Upgrading the livestock                 Publicizing the act of water
      meters to effectively monitor           and poultry breeding water               conservation and punishing
      the water consumption of key            equipment to automatic water-            act of water wasting;
      segments;                               saving equipment;                       Replacing with water-saving
     Comprehensively maintaining            Replacing spray irrigation by            faucets in the company’s
      the water supply system in              drip irrigation in the greenhouse        dormitory and canteen, and
      the factory to prevent water            to reduce the waste of water;            modifying the aging flush
      leakage;                               Using reservoirs and pipeline            valves to prevent water
     Recycling and reusing the               ditches to store rainwater, and          wastage due to the aging of
      cooling water produced in               basically realizing the use of           equipment
      workshops;                              natural water for greenhouses
     Collecting the domestic water           irrigation
      and production wastewater to
      the self-built sewage treatment
      station for treatment, and then
      recycling



7.2.3 Packaging Material and Paper Conservation
The Group has formulated the Material Distribution Regulations. The Storage and Logistics Department formulates
budget based on the use of packaging materials in the previous year, checks the inventory of packaging materials
monthly, and reasonably formulats the packaging materials procurement plan based on the production plan. In
addition, the Group strictly follows the principle of “withdrawal on demand”, while the warehouse management staff
strictly controls the release quantity of materials to avoid unnecessary waste.

The Group introduces mechanized packaging to save the utilization of packaging materials. By means of delivering
the products in the original package, improving the packing mode of odds and ends, recycling the packaging boxes,
etc., the Group aims to achieve reasonable utilization of packaging materials. The damaged and worn-out packaging
materials are collected all together and reserved for other fillings. The packaging materials that cannot be further used
are regularly sold to the salvage station on a regular basis to realize the recycling of resources. The Group also puts
forward the corresponding environmental protection requirements for packaging material manufacturers and insists
on selecting the environment-friendly packaging materials with high cost-effectiveness via comparison among multiple
potential suppliers; packaging material manufacturers are required to provide environmental protection certificates and
material inspection certificates for packaging materials they produced.




                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         91
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2020
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




     The Group encourages video conferencing to reduce business travels, insists on regulated paper use, and demands
     double-sided printing and the diversified use of paper, and the secondary use of the non-confidential paper, to fully
     create a paperless office environment.

     The Group’s energy and resource utilization data in 2020 is shown below:

                                            Table 22 Energy and Resource Utilization Data


                                                                   Unit                          Year 2020
      Conversion of electricity for comprehensive
                                                                   kWh                         31,600,399.0
      energy consumption
            -   Outsourced electricity                             kWh                          7,520,182.0
                                                                        3
            -   Natural gas                                         m                           1,057,711.0
            -   Alcohol-based liquid fuel                           Ton                           1,914.8
            -   Gasoline                                           Liter                         59,365.4
            -   Diesel oil                                         Liter                          2,117.3
            -   Liquefied gas                                       Kg                             435.0
      Conversion of electricity for comprehensive
                                                             kWh/million RMB                     3,917.23
      energy consumption intensity
      Total water consumption                                       m3                           282,658.0
                                                                        3
            -   Tap water                                           m                            66,781.0
                                                                        3
            -   Underground water                                   m                            215,877.0
      Total water consumption intensity                       m3/million RMB                       35.52
      Total packaging material                                      Ton                            932.1
            -   Paper product                                       Ton                            624.1
            -   Glass bottle                                        Ton                            175.9
            -   Plastics                                            Ton                            132.1
      Total packaging material intensity                     Ton/million RMB                        0.12
      Office paper                                                  Ton                             8.3


     7.3 Environment and Natural Resource
     The Group focuses on developing employees’ awareness of environmental protection, delivering green business
     philosophy, constantly exploring the production mode of harmonious coexistence with nature, protecting biodiversity
     during production and operation, and with stakeholders to jointly promote green, harmonious and sustainable
     development with various stakeholders. The Group’s operating process has not involved in the extraction and
     utilization of large quantity of natural resources and had a limited environmental impact. The Group’s protection
     measures for environmental and natural resource include but are not limited to:




92   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                   Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                            (CONTINUED)




  Pharmaceutical promotion and               Pharmaceutical production                  Agriculture and livestock
       marketing business                           business                                    business

     Effectively managing the waste          Standardizing procurement to            Cleaning animal houses every
      generated in daily work and              prevent environmental damages            day, and carrying out regular
      life and promoting green office          such as over-harvesting and              sanitary inspection to reduce
      program to reduce resource               destruction of biodiversity, etc.;       the impact of the breeding
      consumption                             Strengthening greening project           area on the surrounding air and
                                               and protecting surrounding               water area;
                                               water and soil resources                Setting up double-layer
                                                                                        protection in the breeding area
                                                                                        to strictly prevent the l pollution
                                                                                        to the ambient environment;
                                                                                       Collecting and using natural
                                                                                        precipitation for irrigation to
                                                                                        reduce the consumption of
                                                                                        purchased water sources



7.4 Combating Climate Change
Climate change is one of the most serious challenges that the world faces in the 21st century, and it is also the focal
issue in the current domestic and international community. The Group is well aware of the profound and long-term
impact of climate change on every region and enterprise. Therefore, the Group focuses on identifying the risks and
opportunities brought by climate change in the daily operation, taking appropriate measures for risk management and
control.

The following are the climate change risks identified by the Group:




     Transition risk: changes with laws, regulations, and industry standards due to promotion of low-carbon
      economy, which may result in the corresponding changes in factors such as production technology,
      production costs and other factors, etc..
     Physical risk: climate change may increase the risk of virus spread through various ways, and directly threaten
      global public health, resulting in changes in health demand, and making a series of influences on drug
      research and development, production and supply.
     Physical risk: extreme climate change may produce an impact on production processes, such as the shortage
      of raw materials due to extreme weather; and shutdown of the boiler workshop due to climate warming, etc.
     Physical risk: the increase of extreme weather events may make an impact on the stability of production, such
      as the increasing possibility of fire, more personal safety problems of employees on commuting, etc.




In response to the above identified climate change risks, the Group has taken a series of effective measures
accordingly. For example, the Group has actively adopted various energy conservation and emission reduction
measures to increase the use of renewable energy and reduce dependence on fossil energy; continuously tracked the
changes of global diseases, especially the status of large-scale infectious diseases; carefully selected the construction
site for new production facilities in the future, improved the quality of construction materials, and replaced with quality
equipment to avoid the impact of extreme weather; strengthened inspection of the factory area, equipped with
complete fire prevention facilities to try best to eliminate safety hazards.



                                                                               CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          93
                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2020
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




     8.     Community Dedication
     The Group attaches great importance to social contributions in the medical and healthcare field, and considers the
     efforts in promoting medical advancement a momentum for its development. The Group actively participates in the
     re-education programs in the medical and healthcare field, and is committed to promoting the health awareness
     of the public, involving in creating the “Healthy China”. Meanwhile, the Group also focuses on community services
     and public welfare activities to taking responsibility as a corporate citizen. During the Reporting Period, the Group
     released the CMS Guidelines for Public Welfare Activities to provide a clearer and more standardized guidance for
     the implementation of community public welfare activities. During the Reporting Period, the total donation amount of
     public service activities was about RMB18.81 million.


     8.1 Promoting Medical Advancement
     Through cooperating with social groups and academic organizations, and utilizing digital conference platform, the
     Group has actively organized diverse academic exchange activities for basic-level doctors, and disease education
     activities for general patients, receiving sound feedbacks. During the Reporting Period, the Group launched various
     activities to promote the medical advancement, including but not limited to:

     •    “Myopia Prevention and Control Forum”
          Through the interpretation of the hot topics such as myopia prevention and control policy, the promotion of
          relevant consensus and standard, the experience exchange of diagnosis and correction, and the discussion of
          cutting-edge technologies, the forum is aimed to provide practical clinical guidance and recommendations to
          further improve the level of myopia prevention, control, diagnosis and treatment in China.

     •    “October - the Hypertension Publicity Month”
          Cooperating with Chinese Hypertension League to initiate free offline public service consultation and health
          education for hypertension patients includes 21 public service consultation sessions and 22 health education
          sessions for patients, covering more than 4,000 patients, in order to improve the patients’ self-management on
          hypertension and promote people’s awareness to the prevention and treatment of hypertension.

     •    “Online Programs for Pandemic Prevention”
          During the special period of fighting against the COVID-19 pandemic, the internet information technology has
          been used to hold online academic activities in the various fields of clinical medicine, aiming at urgent problems
          and practical needs of clinical medical workers, to help fight against the pandemic.

     Meanwhile, during the COVID-19 pandemic period, the Group has held special online lectures such as “How to
     Protect Eyes During the COVID-19”, “Scientific Eye Protection during Pandemic Period”, etc., which introduced how
     to scientifically and effectively protect eyes and prevent infection during the special life and working environments, in
     order to provide helps for medical workers and the general public with self-isolation.




94   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                   Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                            (CONTINUED)




8.2 Participation in Public Service Activities
While pursuing the long-term corporate development, the Group has always regarded the fulfillment of social
responsibility as its internal driving force, and incorporated philanthropy, especially the support for education, into its
long-term plan, to give back to the society. During the Reporting Period, the Group actively conducted a number of
public service activities, including but not limited to:

•   The Group donated RMB12,000 for the people living in difficulties in the community’s “Urban Superman” activity
    and received the title of “Ambassador for Making Dream Comes True”.

•   Since 2003, the Group’s subsidiary in Hunan has been donating within its ability to the local poverty students or
    educational institutions every year. During the Reporting Period, it has sponsored local education bureaus and
    teachers with a total of around RMB110,000. As of the end of 2020, it had donated a total of around RMB 1.01
    million to the local education bureaus.

•   The Group’s subsidiary in Hunan provided free agricultural technology guidance to the local farmer, as well as
    hired an annual average of about 5,000 local farmers, driving the re-employment of the local farmers in the
    neighborhood.


8.3 Fighting Against COVID-19 Pandemic
During the COVID-19 pandemic period, the Group initiated emergency projects which donated a total of more than
RMB18 million worth of special funds, medical protective materials, medicines and medical devices, for front-line
medical workers and patients, including but not limited to:

•   The Group donated RMB1 million to Wuhan Charity for special anti-pandemic expenditure;

•   The Group donated scarce protective materials worthy of more than RMB10 million to front-line anti-pandemic
    institution and personnel in China, including protective materials, including masks, medical protective gowns,
    washing free sanitizer, disinfection card and spray protective kits;

•   The Group donated medicines with a total value of about RMB5.8 million to medical institutions in China, including
    Hirudoid, Augentropfen Stulln Mono Eye Drops, Deanxit and Bioflor, to relieve skin damage and visual fatigue
    caused by protective measures and continuous work, or relieve patients’ anxiety, and prevent their intestinal
    bacterial infections;

•   The Group reached an emergency agreement with CytoSorbents, a U.S. company focuses on blood purification,
    to work together to donate an initial quantity of CytoSorb® extracorporeal cytokine adsorbers, which would
    represent a potentially important device in the control of fatal inflammation in severe COVID-19 patients.




                                                                               CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          95
                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2020
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




     ESG Reporting Appendix
     Appendix 1 CMS Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Index

           Environmental, Social and Governance General Disclosure and KPIs                                Corresponding Chapter
      Environmental
                          General Disclosure                                                            7 Environmental Protection
                                                                                                        7.1 Environmental Protection
                          A1.1    The types of emissions and respective emissions data
                                                                                                        Emission Control
                                  Direct and energy indirect greenhouse gas emissions                   7.1 Environmental Protection
                          A1.2
                                  and, where appropriate, intensity                                     Emission Control
                                  To t a l h a z a rd o u s w a s t e p ro d u c e d a n d , w h e re   7.1 Environmental Protection
                          A1.3
                                  appropriate,intensity                                                 Emission Control
      A1: Emissions               Total non-hazardous waste produced and, where                         7.1 Environmental Protection
                          A1.4
                                  appropriate, intensity                                                Emission Control
                                                                                                        7.1 Environmental Protection
                                  Description of emission target(s) set and steps taken to              Emission Control
                          A1.5
                                  achieve them                                                          7.2 Environmental Protection
                                                                                                        Resource Management
                                  Description of how hazardous and non-hazardous
                                                                                                        7.1 Environmental Protection
                          A1.6    wastes are handled, reduction initiatives and results
                                                                                                        Emission Control
                                  achieved
                                                                                                        7.2 Environmental Protection
                          General Disclosure
                                                                                                        Resource Management
                                  Direct and/or indirect energy consumption by type in                  7.2 Environmental Protection
                          A2.1
                                  total and intensity                                                   Resource Management
                                                                                                        7.2 Environmental Protection
                          A2.2    Water consumption in total and intensity
                                                                                                        Resource Management
      A2: Use of
      Resources                   Description of energy use efficiency initiatives and                  7.2 Environmental Protection
                          A2.3
                                  results achieved                                                      Resource Management
                                  Description of whether there is any issue in sourcing
                                                                                                        7.2 Environmental Protection
                          A2.4    water that is fit for purpose, water efficiency initiatives
                                                                                                        Resource Management
                                  and results achieved
                                  Total packaging material used for finished products                   7.2 Environmental Protection
                          A2.5
                                  and, if applicable, with reference to per unit produced               Resource Management
                          General Disclosure                                                            7 Environmental Protection
      A3: The
      Environment and             Description of the significant impacts of activities on               7.3 Environmental Protection
      Natural Resources   A3.1    the environment and natural resources and the actions                 Environment and Natural
                                  taken to manage them                                                  Resource
                                  Description of the significant climate-related issues
      A4: Climate                                                                                       7.4 Environmental Protection
                          A4.1    which have impacted, and those which may impact, the
      Change                                                                                            Combating Climate Change
                                  issuer, and the actions taken to manage them




96   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                               Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                         (CONTINUED)




Appendix 1 CMS Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Index - continued

     Environmental, Social and Governance General Disclosure and KPIs                      Corresponding Chapter
Social
                   General Disclosure                                                  5   People-oriented Practice
                                                                                       5.1 People-oriented Practice
                           Total workforce by gender, employment type and age
                   B1.1                                                                Employee Responsibility and
B1: Employment             group
                                                                                       Development
                                                                                       5.1 People-oriented Practice
                   B1.2    Employee turnover rate by gender and age group              Employee Responsibility and
                                                                                       Development
                   General Disclosure                                                  5   People-oriented Practice
                                                                                       5.3 People-oriented Practice
                           Number and rate of work-related fatalities occurred in
                   B2.1                                                                Employees Care
                           each of the past three years including the reporting year
B2: Health and                                                                         Appendix 3 CMS Key Social KPIs
Safety                                                                                 5.3 People-oriented Practice
                   B2.2    Lost days due to work injury
                                                                                       Employees Care
                           Description of occupational health and safety measures      5.3 People-oriented Practice
                   B2.3
                           adopted, and how they are implemented and monitored         Employees Care
                                                                                       5.2 People-oriented Practice
                   General Disclosure
                                                                                       Training and Development
B3: Development            The percentage of employees trained by gender and           5.2 People-oriented Practice
                   B3.1
and Training               employees category                                          Training and Development
                           The average training hours completed per employee by        5.2 People-oriented Practice
                   B3.2
                           gender and employee category                                Training and Development
                   General Disclosure                                                  5   People-oriented Practice
                                                                                       5.1 People-oriented Practice
                           Description of measures to review employment
B4: Labour         B4.1                                                                Employee Responsibility and
                           practices to avoid child and forced labour
Standards                                                                              Development
                                                                                       5.1 People-oriented Practice
                           Description of steps taken to eliminate such practices
                   B4.2                                                                Employee Responsibility and
                           when discovered
                                                                                       Development
                                                                                       6 Cooperation and Mutual
                   General Disclosure
                                                                                       Benefits
                                                                                       6.1 Cooperation and Mutual
                   B5.1    Number of suppliers by geographical region                  Benefits
                                                                                       Supplier Management
                           Description of practices relating to engaging suppliers,    6.1 Cooperation and Mutual
                   B5.2    number of suppliers where the practices are being           Benefits
B5: Supply Chain           implemented, how they are implemented and monitored         Supplier Management
Management                                                                             6.3 Cooperation and Mutual
                           Description of practices used to identify environmental
                                                                                       Benefits
                   B5.3    and social risks along the supply chain, and how they
                                                                                       Sustainable Development of
                           are implemented and monitored
                                                                                       Supply Chain
                           Description of practices used to promote                    6.3 Cooperation and Mutual
                   B5.4    environmentally preferable products and services when       Benefits
                           selecting suppliers, and how they are implemented and       Sustainable Development of
                           monitored                                                   Supply Chain

                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED       97
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2020
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




      Appendix 1 CMS Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Index - continued

           Environmental, Social and Governance General Disclosure and KPIs                      Corresponding Chapter
      Social
                            General Disclosure                                                4 Product Liability
                                    Percentage of total products sold or shipped subject to   4.1 Product Liability
                            B6.1
                                    recalls for safety and health reasons                     Quality of Product and Service
                                    Number of products and service related complaints         4.1 Product Liability
                            B6.2
                                    received and how they are dealt with                      Quality of Product and Service
      B6: Product                                                                             4.2 Product Liability
      Responsibility                Description of practices relating to observing and
                            B6.3                                                              Protection of Intellectual
                                    protecting intellectual property rights
                                                                                              Properties Rights
                                    Description of quality assurance process and recall       4.1 Product Liability
                            B6.4
                                    procedures                                                Quality of Product and Service
                                    Description of consumer data protection and privacy       4.1 Product Liability
                            B6.5
                                    policies, how they are implemented and monitored          Quality of Product and Service
                            General Disclosure                                                3 Compliant Operation
                                    Number of concluded legal cases regarding corrupt
                                    practices brought against the issuer or its employees     3.2 Compliant Operation
                            B7.1
                                    during the reporting period and the outcomes of the        Anti-corruption
      B7: Anti-corruption           cases
                                    Description of preventive measures and whistle-blowing    3.2 Compliant Operation
                            B7.2
                                    procedures, how they are implemented and monitored         Anti-corruption
                                    Description of anti-corruption training provided to       3.2 Compliant Operation
                            B7.3
                                    directors and staff                                        Anti-corruption
                            General Disclosure                                                8 Community Dedication
      B8: Community
                            B8.1    Focus areas of contribution                               8 Community Dedication
      Investment
                            B8.2    Resources contributed to the focus area                   8 Community Dedication




98   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                               Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                                                     (CONTINUED)




Appendix 2 CMS Key Environmental KPIs2


                        KPIs                                        Unit                   Year 2018            Year 2019             Year 2020

    Air Pollutants

    Sulfur Dioxide (SO2)                                             Kg                       237.1                 35.5                   0.0

    Nitrogen Oxide (NOx)                                             Kg                      2,350.4              1,612.6               1,838.1

    Particulate Matter (PM)                                          Kg                       354.7                245.5                 157.7

    Wastewater and Pollutants3

    Wastewater                                                       m3                     86,539.4             57,536.7              71,298.0

    Wastewater intensity                                     m3/million RMB                   14.11                 8.34                  8.96

    Ammonia Nitrogen (NH3-N)                                         Ton                        0.1                  0.1                  0.03

    Chemical Oxygen Demand (COD)                                     Ton                        0.9                  1.1                   0.7

    GHG4

    Total GHG emission (Scope 1 + 2)                             Ton CO2e                   11,852.0             12,081.5              12,562.3

    Total GHG emission (Scope 1 + 2)                           Ton CO2e /
                                                                                               1.93                 1.75                  1.58
    intensity                                                  million RMB

         Direct GHG emission (Scope 1)                           Ton CO2e                    5,566.7              5,854.1               5,876.0

         Indirect GHG emission (Scope 2)                         Ton CO2e                    6,285.3              6,227.4               6,686.2

    Solid Waste

    Hazardous waste5                                                 Ton                        0.2                  0.2                   4.3

    Hazardous waste intensity                                Ton/million RMB                0.00003               0.00003              0.00054

    Non-hazardous solid waste                                        Ton                     1,782.0              1,676.8               1,531.3

    Non-hazardous waste intensity                            Ton/million RMB                   0.29                 0.24                  0.19




2
  All the intensity data of environmental indicators in 2018-2020 were calculated as per sales revenue, that is, total emissions or usage amount divided
  by the sales revenue (million RMB) after the excluding effect of the “two-invoice system” during the corresponding reporting period.
3
  Wastewater and pollutant data covers all the control units of the Group.
4
  The emission factors used in GHG calculation for 2018 to 2020 have been updated to those recommended by the SEHK in the revised Appendix 2:
  Guidelines on Reporting Environmental Key Performance Indicators in 2020.
5
  During the Reporting Period, the Group’s subsidiary Kangzhe Hunan carried out a large-scale treatment and transfer of historical hazardous waste.



                                                                                                 CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED                     99
                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2020
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report
      (CONTINUED)




          Appendix 2 CMS Environmental KPIs -continued


                                KPIs                                       Unit                  Year 2018            Year 2019           Year 2020

          Energy

          Conversion of electricity for
                                                                           kWh                 29,758,236.2         30,443,173.8         31,600,399.0
          comprehensive energy consumption

          Conversion of electricity for
          comprehensive energy consumption                         kWh/million RMB                4,850.96             4,413.85             3,971.23
          intensity

             Outsourced electricity                                        kWh                  7,079,280.2          7,010,258.4         7,520,182.0

             Natural gas                                                    m3                   954,116.0            875,788.0          1,057,711.0

             Alcohol-based liquid fuel                                     Ton                     1,842.8              2,095.3             1,914.8

             Gasoline                                                      Liter                  77,640.0             80,272.9             59,365.4

             Diesel oil                                                    Liter                   3,111.6             1,616.9              2,117.3

             Liquefied gas                                                  Kg                      480.0                480.0                435.0

          Water Resources

          Total water consumption6                                          m3                   148,634.2            204,687.8            282,685.0

          Total water consumption intensity                         m3/million RMB                  24.23                29.68                35.52

          Packaging Materials

          Total packaging materials                                        Ton                      544.1                659.3                932.1

          Total packing material intensity                         Ton/million RMB                   0.09                 0.10                0.12




      6
          At the end of 2019 and in 2020, the Group’s subsidiary Kangzhe Hunan has replaced and installed additional production equipment, and initiated the
          new products’ test production projects, thus the water consumption increased significantly.



100   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                                   Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                                                     (CONTINUED)




Appendix 3 CMS Key Social KPIs

                                   KPIs                                          Unit             Year 2018              Year 2019    Year 2020

    Employment

    Total number of employees                                                  Person          Non-disclosure                4,052      4,372

        Number of male employees                                               Person          Non-disclosure                1,903      2,024

        Number of female employees                                             Person          Non-disclosure                2,149      2,348

        Number of contracted employees                                         Person          Non-disclosure                4,052      4,372

        Number of dispatched employees                                         Person          Non-disclosure                 0           0

        Number of employees aged under 30                                      Person          Non-disclosure                2,150      2,180

        Number of employees aged 30-50                                         Person          Non-disclosure                1,782      2,042

        Number of employees aged over 50                                       Person          Non-disclosure                120         150

    Employee Turnover

    Turnover rate of employees                                                    %            Non-disclosure                18.6        13.9

        Turnover rate of male employees                                           %            Non-disclosure                19.9        14.2

        Turnover rate of female employees                                         %            Non-disclosure                17.3        13.7

        Turnover rate of employees aged under 30                                  %            Non-disclosure                20.1        19.3

        Turnover rate of employees aged 30-50                                     %            Non-disclosure                17.4        7.9

        Turnover rate of employees aged over 50                                   %            Non-disclosure                 5.5        6.8

    Occupational Health and Safety

    Number of work-related fatalities                                          Person                   0                     0           0

    Proportion of work-related fatalities                                         %                     0                     0           0

    Working days lost due to work-related injury7                                Day           Non-disclosure                338         240

    Proportion of employees with occupational health
                                                                                  %                   100                    100         100
    checks




7
    During the Reporting Period, employees were injured at work due to traffic accidents, collisions and accidental falls.


                                                                                                      CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        101
                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2020
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report
      (CONTINUED)




          Appendix 3 CMS Key Social KPIs -continued

                                        KPIs                                         Unit             Year 2018              Year 2019           Year 2020

          Training and Development

          Total employees training expenditure                                   Million RMB       Non-disclosure                2.9                  5.3

          Training coverage of employees8                                              %                  100                    83.0                70.7

             Training coverage of general employees                                    %           Non-disclosure                83.4                70.5

             Training coverage of senior management                                    %           Non-disclosure                35.3                78.9

             Training coverage of male employees                                       %           Non-disclosure         Non-disclosure             72.6

             Training coverage of female employees                                     %           Non-disclosure         Non-disclosure             69.1

          Employees training duration per capita                                     Hour          Non-disclosure                34.1                18.5

             Training duration per capita for general employees                      Hour          Non-disclosure                34.4                18.6

             Training duration per capita for senior management                      Hour          Non-disclosure                3.2                 12.6

             Training duration per capita for male employees                         Hour          Non-disclosure         Non-disclosure             20.2

             Training duration per capita for female employees                       Hour          Non-disclosure         Non-disclosure             17.0

          Supplier Management

          Total number of suppliers9                                               Number                  87                    106                 116

             Number of Mainland China suppliers                                    Number                  75                     87                  78

             Number of HK SAR, Macao SAR, TWN and
                                                                                   Number                  12                     19                  38
             overseas suppliers

          Quality and Safety of Product and Service

          Response and handling rate for product and service
                                                                                       %                  100                    100                 100
          quality related complaints
          Percentage of sold and delivered product recalls due
                                                                                       %                    0                      0                   0
          to safety and health problems

          Number of product and service related complaints                         Number          Non-disclosure                150                 137

          Anti-corruption

          Corruption lawsuits                                                      Number                   0                      0                   0

          Participation in Public Service Activities

          Total donation amount of public service activities                     Million RMB               0.2                   0.2                 18.8




      8
          During the Reporting Period, due to cancelling of offline trainings caused by COVID-19 pandemic and the increase of employee number, the training
          coverage of employees decreased comparing with 2019.
      9
          During the Reporting Period, the statistical method of suppliers was changed. In order to be consistent, the 2019 data has been updated simultaneously.


102   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
iNDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF
CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
康哲藥業控股有限公司
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


Opinion

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of China Medical System Holdings Limited (the “Company”)
and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as “the Group”) set out on pages 108 to 219, which comprise the
consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2020, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss
and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash
flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant
accounting policies.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of
the Group as at 31 December 2020, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for
the year then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) and have been properly
prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


Basis for Opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the Hong Kong
Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described
in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are
independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”),
and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence
we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


Key Audit Matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit
of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a
separate opinion on these matters.




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          103
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2020
      INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
      (CONTINUED)




      TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF
      CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED - continued
      康哲藥業控股有限公司
      (incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


      Key Audit Matters - continued

       Key audit matter                                             How our audit addressed the key audit matter

       Impairment of Goodwill


       We identified the impairment of goodwill allocated to a      Our procedures in relation to the impairment of goodwill
       cash generating unit of Tianjin Kangzhe Pharmaceutical       included:
       Technology Development Co., Ltd. (“Tianjin Kangzhe”)
       as a key audit matter due to the involvement of              •   Making inquiries with management on their bases
       significant judgment of the management in determining            and assumptions used in relation to the preparation
       the impairment of goodwill.                                      of the value in use calculation;

       The impairment of goodwill allocated to a cash               •   Checking the mathematical accuracy of the value in
       generating unit of Tianjin Kangzhe is determined                 use calculation;
       based on the higher of fair value less costs of disposal
       and value in use of the cash generating unit. The            •   E v a l u a t i n g t h e re a s o n a b l e n e s s o f t h e k e y
       recoverable amount has been determined based on                  assumptions including growth rates, discount
       value in use calculation, which is based on the cash flow        rate and the forecast performance used by the
       forecasts prepared by management. The impairment                 management with reference to the historical
       model is sensitive to changes in the key assumptions             performance;
       including growth rates, discount rate and the forecast
       performance based on management’s view of future             •   Checking the inputs used in the cash flow forecast
       business prospects.                                              against supporting documentation;

       As at 31 December 2020, the carrying value of goodwill       •   Evaluating the sensitivity analysis prepared by the
       allocated to a cash generating unit of Tianjin Kangzhe           management on discount rate and growth rates
       was RMB1,160 million before any accumulated                      to assess the extent of impact on the value in use
       impairment losses. During the year ended 31 December             calculation;
       2020, an impairment loss of RMB170 million was
       recognised on goodwill allocated to a cash generating        •   Evaluating the independent professional external
       unit of Tianjin Kangzhe. As at 31 December 2020, the             valuer’s competence, capabilities and objectivity;
       carrying value of goodwill allocated to a cash generating        and
       unit of Tianjin Kangzhe was RMB990 million after
       impairment. Details relating to the Group's goodwill and     •   Involving our internal valuation specialists to assess
       key sources of estimation uncertainty are set out in Note        the appropriateness of valuation methodology and
       18 and Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements,          discount rate adopted.
       respectively.




104   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                                             INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
                                                                                                           (CONTINUED)




TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF
CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED - continued
康哲藥業控股有限公司
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


Other Information

The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
information included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s
report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any
form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information
and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial
statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the
work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required
to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


Responsibilities of Directors and Those Charged with Governance for the Consolidated
Financial Statements

The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a
true and fair view in accordance with IFRSs and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance,
and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial
statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic
alternative but to do so.

Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.


Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We
do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable
assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will
always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered
material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of
users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.


                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          105
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2020
      INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
      (CONTINUED)




      TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF
      CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED - continued
      康哲藥業控股有限公司
      (incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


      Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements - continued

      As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional
      skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

      •   Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
          fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is
          sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement
          resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional
          omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

      •   Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
          appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
          Group’s internal control.

      •   Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
          related disclosures made by the directors.

      •   Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on
          the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast
          significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty
          exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated
          financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based
          on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may
          cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

      •   Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
          disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events
          in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

      •   Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities
          within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the
          direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

      We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing
      of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during
      our audit.




106   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                                           INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
                                                                                                         (CONTINUED)




TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF
CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED - continued
康哲藥業控股有限公司
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements - continued

We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may
reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or
safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit
matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about
the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our
report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest
benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in the independent auditor’s report is Sy, Sunnie.




Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong
16 March 2021




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         107
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                  Consolidated Statement of Profit or
                Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
                                                                      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020



                                                              NOTES            2020               2019
                                                                            RMB’000            RMB’000

      Revenue                                                   5           6,945,964          6,073,624
      Cost of goods sold                                                   (1,811,749)        (1,527,308)
      Gross profit                                                          5,134,215          4,546,316
      Other income/ other gains and losses                      6              (73,480)            73,801
      Selling expenses                                                     (2,053,233)        (1,939,167)
      Administrative expenses                                                (251,180)          (206,236)
      Finance costs                                             7              (27,520)           (56,255)
      Research and development expenses                                        (66,517)           (45,054)
      Share of results of associates                                          153,804            114,293
      Profit before tax                                                     2,816,089         2,487,698
      Income tax expense                                       10            (260,389)         (532,004)
      Profit for the year                                      11           2,555,700         1,955,694
      Item that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
        Fair value loss on equity instruments at fair value
          through other comprehensive income                                   (9,327)           (14,523)
      Items that may be reclassified subsequently to
        profit or loss:
        Share of other comprehensive (expense) income
          of associates                                                       (34,127)             8,865
        Exchange differences arising from translation of
          foreign operations                                                      227               (629)
        Change in fair value on cash flow hedges
         - fair value loss                                                     (5,746)           (16,286)
         - deferred tax relating to change in fair value                          948              2,687
      Other comprehensive expense
       for the year, net of income tax                                        (48,025)           (19,886)
      Total comprehensive income for the year                               2,507,675         1,935,808
      Profit (loss) for the year attributable to:
       Owners of the Company                                                2,530,398         1,960,712
       Non-controlling interests                                               25,302             (5,018)
                                                                            2,555,700         1,955,694
      Total comprehensive income (expense)
       for the year attributable to:
       Owners of the Company                                                2,482,373         1,940,826
       Non-controlling interests                                               25,302             (5,018)
                                                                            2,507,675         1,935,808


                                                                                RMB                RMB
      Earnings per share                                       13
       Basic                                                                  1.0237             0.7905




108   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
Consolidated Statement of
Financial Position
AT 31 DECEMBER 2020



                                                        NOTES               2020              2019
                                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000
Non-current assets
 Property, plant and equipment                           14               474,823           472,901
 Right-of-use assets                                     15                56,862            64,986
 Interests in associates                                 16             2,639,711         2,590,159
 Intangible assets                                       17             2,239,588         2,459,128
 Goodwill                                                18             1,214,535         1,384,535
 Equity instruments at fair value through
   other comprehensive income                           19(b)             415,585           269,704
 Deposits paid for acquisition of intangible assets      22               628,989           325,126
 Amount due from an associate                            23                30,000            31,816
 Derivative financial instruments                        31                   682                 -
 Deferred tax assets                                     30                21,759            20,298
                                                                        7,722,534         7,618,653
Current assets
 Inventories                                             20               381,215           407,058
 Financial asset at fair value through profit or loss   19(a)               3,884             2,736
 Trade and other receivables and prepayments             21             1,705,606         1,585,724
 Tax recoverable                                                           12,082            10,801
 Derivative financial instruments                        31                    49            28,192
 Amount due from an associate                            23               207,271           152,804
 Bank balances and cash                                  24             2,668,426         1,365,008
                                                                        4,978,533         3,552,323
Current liabilities
 Trade and other payables                                25               619,284           372,796
 Lease liabilities                                       26                 7,266             9,388
 Contract liabilities                                    27                14,406            12,939
 Bank borrowings                                         28                    10           693,909
 Derivative financial instruments                        31                     -               142
 Deferred consideration payables                         29                 2,929            10,744
 Tax payable                                                              268,068           447,784
                                                                          911,963         1,547,702
Net current assets                                                      4,066,570         2,004,621
Total assets less current liabilities                                  11,789,104         9,623,274
Capital and reserves
 Share capital                                           32                84,634            84,963
 Reserves                                                33            10,949,508         9,387,898
Equity attributable to owners of the Company                           11,034,142         9,472,861
Non-controlling interests                                                  68,573            43,271
                                                                       11,102,715         9,516,132




                                                                CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED   109
                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2020
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
      (CONTINUED)
      AT 31 December 2020




                                                                     NOTES                 2020               2019
                                                                                        RMB’000            RMB’000
      Non-current liabilities
       Deferred tax liabilities                                         30                86,133              91,552
       Lease liabilities                                                26                 5,640              10,491
       Deferred consideration payables                                  29                 1,487               5,099
       Bank borrowings                                                  28               587,241                   -
       Derivative financial instruments                                 31                 5,888                   -
                                                                                         686,389             107,142
                                                                                      11,789,104           9,623,274




      The consolidated financial statements on pages 108 to 219 were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of
      Directors on 16 March 2021 and are signed on its behalf by:




                            _____________________________             ____________________________
                                     LAM Kong                                 CHEN Yanling
                                     DIRECTOR                                  DIRECTOR




110   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
Consolidated Statement of
Changes in Equity
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020



                                                                                                                   Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                                                                                                                              Attributable
                                                                                                  Surplus                                   Investments                                         to non-
                                                       Share          Share         Capital       reserve       Translation   Hedging        revaluation Accumulated Dividend                 controlling
                                                       capital       premium        reserve         fund          reserve     reserve          reserve      profits  reserve        Sub-total interests        Total
                                                      RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000                                             RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000
                                                                                   (Note 33) (Note 33)


Balance at 1 January 2019                               84,963       2,391,513       19,545       330,971           9,332      13,480          (17,336) 5,167,627      355,691      8,355,786     48,289     8,404,075

Profit (loss) for the year                                       -             -              -             -            -              -            -    1,960,712                 1,960,712      (5,018) 1,955,694
Share of other comprehensive income of associates                -             -              -             -       8,865               -            -            -             -       8,865           -        8,865
Exchange differences arising from translation of
 foreign operations                                              -             -              -             -         (629)             -            -            -             -        (629)          -         (629)
Fair value loss on equity instruments at fair value
 through other comprehensive income                              -             -              -             -            -              -      (14,523)           -             -     (14,523)          -      (14,523)
Change in fair value on cash flow hedges
 - fair value loss                                               -             -              -             -            -     (16,286)              -            -             -     (16,286)          -      (16,286)
 - deferred tax relating to change in fair value                 -             -              -             -            -      2,687                -            -             -       2,687           -        2,687

Total comprehensive income (expense) for the year                -             -              -             -       8,236      (13,599)        (14,523) 1,960,712               -   1,940,826      (5,018) 1,935,808
Dividends paid (Note 12)                                         -             -              -             -            -              -            -     (467,061) (355,691)       (822,752)          -     (822,752)
Dividends proposed (Note 12)                                     -             -              -             -            -              -            -     (315,260)   315,260              -           -              -
Transfer of reserves                                             -             -              -    25,481                -              -            -      (25,481)            -           -           -              -
Release of surplus reserve fund on deregistration
 of a subsidiary                                                 -             -              -       (999)              -              -            -            -             -        (999)          -         (999)

Balance at 31 December 2019                             84,963       2,391,513       19,545       355,453          17,568         (119)        (31,859) 6,320,537      315,260      9,472,861     43,271     9,516,132

Profit for the year                                              -             -              -             -            -              -            -    2,530,398                 2,530,398     25,302     2,555,700
Share of other comprehensive expense of associates               -             -              -             -     (34,127)              -            -            -             -     (34,127)          -      (34,127)
Exchange differences arising from translation of
 foreign operations                                              -             -              -             -         227               -            -            -             -        227            -          227
Fair value loss on equity instruments at fair value
 through other comprehensive income                              -             -              -             -            -              -       (9,327)           -             -      (9,327)          -       (9,327)
Change in fair value on cash flow hedges
 - fair value loss                                               -             -              -             -            -      (5,746)              -            -             -      (5,746)          -       (5,746)
 - deferred tax relating to change in fair value                 -             -              -             -            -        948                -            -             -        948            -          948

Total comprehensive (expense) income for the year                -             -              -             -     (33,900)      (4,798)         (9,327) 2,530,398               -   2,482,373     25,302     2,507,675
Repurchase of ordinary shares (Note 32)                    (329)       (86,634)               -             -            -              -            -            -             -     (86,963)          -      (86,963)
Dividends paid (Note 12)                                         -             -              -             -            -              -            -     (520,095) (314,034)       (834,129)          -     (834,129)
Dividends proposed (Note 12)                                     -             -              -             -            -              -            -     (501,080)   501,080              -           -              -
Transfer of reserves                                             -             -              -       815                -              -            -         (815)            -           -           -              -
Release of surplus reserve fund upon
 deregistration of a subsidiary                                  -             -              -     (1,500)              -              -            -       1,500              -           -           -              -

Balance at 31 December 2020                             84,634       2,304,879       19,545       354,768         (16,332)      (4,917)        (41,186) 7,830,445      502,306 11,034,142         68,573 11,102,715




                                                                                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED                                         111
                                                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                Consolidated Statement of
                                                              Cash Flows
                                                                   FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020



                                                           NOTES           2020                2019
                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000
      OPERATING ACTIVITIES
      Profit before tax                                                2,816,089           2,487,698
      Adjustments for:
       Amortisation of intangible assets                    17           161,942             162,317
       Impairment loss on intangible assets                               57,598               4,730
       Impairment loss on goodwill                                       170,000                   -
       Impairment loss on deposit paid for
         acquisition of intangible assets                                      -                 963
       Interest expenses                                                  27,203              55,176
       Depreciation of property, plant and equipment        14            35,117              32,181
       Depreciation of right-of-use assets                  15            11,257               9,557
       Written off for inventories                                             -               2,948
       Loss on disposal of property, plant and
         equipment                                                            145               9,122
       Gain on disposal of right-of-use assets                                  -              (6,268)
       Release on deferred difference on initial
         recognition of financial instruments                              (1,929)             (1,929)
       Imputed interest expense on deferred
         consideration payables                                                317              1,079
       Share of results of associates                                    (153,804)          (114,293)
       Interest income                                                     (61,031)           (41,998)
       Net foreign exchange (gain) loss                                    (26,684)            30,276
       Change in fair value of derivative financial
         instruments                                                      13,827               (8,904)
       Change in fair value of financial assets at fair
         value through profit or loss                                         567                    -
      Operating cash flows before movements in
        working capital                                                3,050,614           2,622,655
      Decrease in inventories                                             25,843              24,655
      (Increase) decrease in trade and other receivables
        and prepayments                                                  (132,767)           148,569
      Increase in amount due from an associate                             (52,651)           (15,055)
      Increase (decrease) in trade and other payables                     246,488               (9,419)
      Increase in contract liabilities                                       1,467               7,470
      Cash generated from operations                                   3,138,994           2,778,875
      People’s Republic of China (“PRC”) Enterprise
       Income Tax paid                                                   (170,175)          (222,511)
      Hong Kong Profits Tax paid                                            (6,758)            (1,203)
      Malaysian Corporate Income Tax paid                                (270,034)                 (42)
      NET CASH FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES                               2,692,027           2,555,119




112   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                                          (CONTINUED)
                                                                     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




                                                         NOTES               2020               2019
                                                                          RMB’000            RMB’000
INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Interest received                                                            61,031             41,998
Dividends received from an associate                                         70,125             24,477
Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                   (37,558)           (37,546)
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant
  and equipment                                                                374               1,610
Proceeds from disposal of right-of-use asset                                12,993              22,929
Purchase of financial assets at fair value
  through profit or loss                                                     (1,715)             (2,736)
Purchase of equity instruments at fair value
  through other comprehensive income                                      (155,208)             (39,774)
Payments for rental deposits                                                     -                (1,339)
Deposits paid for acquisition of intangible assets                        (303,863)           (302,927)
Net cash outflow on disposal of a subsidiary              42                     -              (16,078)
NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES                                     (353,821)           (309,386)
FINANCING ACTIVITIES
New bank borrowings raised                                                 630,594                     -
Repayment of deferred consideration payables                                  (9,810)             (7,834)
Interest paid                                                               (27,203)            (55,176)
Dividends paid                                            12              (834,129)           (822,752)
Repayment of bank borrowings                                              (696,939)           (801,595)
Repayments of lease liabilities                                             (10,106)             (7,780)
Payment on repurchase of shares                                             (86,963)                   -
NET CASH USED IN FINANCING
 ACTIVITIES                                                              (1,034,556)        (1,695,137)
NET INCREASE IN CASH AND
 CASH EQUIVALENTS                                                        1,303,650             550,596

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENT AT THE
 BEGINNING OF YEAR                                                       1,365,008             815,081
Effects of exchange rate changes on the balance
 of cash held in foreign currencies                                            (232)               (669)
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENT AT THE END
 OF YEAR REPRESENTED BY BANK
 BALANCES AND CASH                                                       2,668,426           1,365,008




                                                                 CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED      113
                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
                                            STATEMENTS
                                                                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




      1.    GENERAL INFORMATION
              China Medical System Holdings Limited (the “Company”) was incorporated as an exempted company with
              limited liability in the Cayman Islands on 18 December 2006. On 26 June 2007, the Company was listed
              on the Alternative Investment Market (“AIM”) operated by the London Stock Exchange plc. The Company
              was listed on the Main Board operated by The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited on 28 September
              2010 and it was delisted from the AIM on the same date. The Company’s ultimate holding company and
              immediate holding company is Treasure Sea Limited, a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands.
              The address of the Company’s registered office is P.O. Box 309, Ugland House, Grand Cayman, KY1-1104,
              Cayman Islands. The address of its principal place of business is Unit 2106, 21/F, Island Place Tower, 510
              King’s Road, North Point, Hong Kong.

      	The Company is an investment holding company. The principal activities of its subsidiaries are production of
        medicines, marketing, promotion and sale of drugs.

      	The consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), which is also the functional
        currency of the Company and majority of its subsidiaries.


      2.    APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL
            REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”)

            Amendments to IFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year

            In the current year, the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) have applied the
            Amendments to References to the Conceptual Framework in IFRS Standards and the following amendments
            to IFRSs for the first time, which are mandatorily effective for the annual period beginning on or after 1 January
            2020 for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements:


            Amendments to IAS 1                                      Definition of Material
             and IAS 8
            Amendments to IFRS 3                                     Definition of a Business
            Amendments to IFRS 9,                                    Interest Rate Benchmark Reform
             IAS 39 and IFRS 7


            Except as described below, the application of the Amendments to References to the Conceptual Framework
            in IFRS Standards and the amendments to IFRSs in the current year had no material impact on the Group’s
            financial positions and performance for the current and prior years and/or on the disclosures set out in these
            consolidated financial statements.




114   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                           (CONTINUED)
                                                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




2.   APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL
     REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”) - continued

     Amendments to IFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year - continued

     Impacts on application of Amendments to IAS 1 and IAS 8 Definition of Material

     The Group has applied the Amendments to IAS 1 and IAS 8 for the first time in the current year. The
     amendments provide a new definition of material that states “information is material if omitting, misstating or
     obscuring it could reasonably be expected to influence decisions that the primary users of general purpose
     financial statements make on the basis of those financial statements, which provide financial information about
     a specific reporting entity.” The amendments also clarify that materiality depends on the nature or magnitude of
     information, either individually or in combination with other information, in the context of the financial statements
     taken as a whole.

     The application of the amendments in the current year had no impact on the consolidated financial statements.


     Impacts on application of Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39 and IFRS 7 Interest Rate
     Benchmark Reform

     The Group has applied the amendments for the first time in the current year. The amendments modify specific
     hedge accounting requirements to allow hedge accounting to continue for affected hedges during the period of
     uncertainty before the hedged items or hedging instruments affected by the current interest rate benchmarks
     are amended as a result of the on-going interest rate benchmark reform. The amendments are relevant to the
     Group given that it applies hedge accounting to its benchmark interest rate exposures.

     The amendments are relevant to the Group given that it applies hedge accounting to its benchmark interest
     rate exposures. The application of the amendments impacts the Group’s accounting in the following ways:

     •   The Group has floating rate bank borrowings, linked to London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”), which
         it cash flow hedges using interest rate swaps. The amendments permit continuation of hedge accounting
         even though there is uncertainty about the timing and amount of the hedged cash flows due to the interest
         rate benchmark reforms.

     •   The Group will retain the cumulative gain or loss in the hedging reserve for designated cash flow hedges
         that are subject to interest rate benchmark reforms even though there is uncertainty arising from the
         interest rate benchmark reform with respect to the timing and amount of the cash flows of the hedged
         items. Should the Group consider the hedged future cash flows are no longer expected to occur due
         to reasons other than interest rate benchmark reform, the cumulative gain or loss will be immediately
         reclassified to profit or loss.




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           115
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2020
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




      2.    APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL
            REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”) - continued

            New and amendments to IFRSs in issue but not yet effective

            The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to IFRS Standards that have been issued
            but are not yet effective:


            IFRS 17                                       Insurance Contracts and the related Amendments1
            Amendment to IFRS 16                            Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions4
            Amendments to IFRS 3                          Reference to the Conceptual Framework2
            Amendments to IFRS 9,                         Interest Rate Benchmark Reform - Phase 25
                IAS 39, IFRS 7,
                IFRS 4 and IFRS 16
            Amendments to IFRS 10                         Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor
                and IAS 28                                  and its Associate or Joint Venture3
            Amendments to IAS 1                           Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current1
            Amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS                  Disclosure of Accounting Policies1
                Practice Statement 2
            Amendments to IAS 8                           Definition of Accounting Estimates1
            Amendments to IAS 16                          Property, Plant and Equipment: Proceeds before
                                                            Intended Use2
            Amendments to IAS 37                          Onerous Contracts - Cost of Fulfilling a Contract2
            Amendments to IFRS Standards                  Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards 2018 - 20202

            1
             	Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023
            2
             	Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022
            3
             	Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined
            4
             	Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 June 2020
            5
             	Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2021

            Except for the amendments to IFRSs mentioned below, the directors of the Company anticipate that the
            application of all other new and amendments to IFRSs will have no material impact on the consolidated financial
            statements in the foreseeable future.




116   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                           (CONTINUED)
                                                                                   FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




2.   APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL
     REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”) - continued
     New and amendments to IFRSs in issue but not yet effective - continued

     Amendments to IFRS 3 Reference to the Conceptual Framework
     The amendments:

     •   update a reference in IFRS 3 Business Combinations so that it refers to the Conceptual Framework for
         Financial Reporting issued by International Accounting Standards Board in March 2018 (the “Conceptual
         Framework”) instead of the International Accounting Standards Committee’s Framework for the Preparation
         and Presentation of Financial Statements (replaced by the Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting
         issued in September 2010);
     •   add a requirement that, for transactions and other events within the scope of IAS 37 Provisions, Contingent
         Liabilities and Contingent Assets or IFRIC 21 Levies , an acquirer applies IAS 37 or IFRIC 21 instead of the
         Conceptual Framework to identify the liabilities it has assumed in a business combination; and
     •   add an explicit statement that an acquirer does not recognise contingent assets acquired in a business
         combination.

     The application of the amendments is not expected to have significant impact on the financial position and
     performance of the Group.

     Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39, IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and IFRS 16 Interest Rate Benchmark
     Reform – Phase 2
     Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39, IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and IFRS 16 Interest Rate Benchmark Reform - Phase 2
     relate to the modification of financial assets, financial liabilities and lease liabilities, specific hedge accounting
     requirements and disclosure requirements applying IFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures to accompany
     the amendments regarding modifications and hedge accounting.

     •   Modification of financial assets, financial liabilities and lease liabilities. A practical expedient is
         introduced for modifications required by the reform (modifications required as a direct consequence of the
         interest rate benchmark reform and made on an economically equivalent basis). These modifications are
         accounted for by updating the effective interest rate. All other modifications are accounted for using the current
         IFRSs requirements. A similar practical expedient is proposed for lessee accounting applying IFRS 16;
     •   Hedge accounting requirements. Under the amendments, hedge accounting is not discontinued solely
         because of the interest rate benchmark reform. Hedging relationships (and related documentation) are
         required to be amended to reflect modifications to the hedged item, hedging instrument and hedged risk.
         Amended hedging relationships should meet all qualifying criteria to apply hedge accounting, including
         effectiveness requirements; and
     •   Disclosures. The amendments require disclosures in order to allow users to understand the nature and
         extent of risks arising from the interest rate benchmark reform to which the Group is exposed to and how
         the entity manages those risks as well as the entity’s progress in transitioning from interbank offered rates
         to alternative benchmark rates, and how the entity is managing this transition.

     As at 31 December 2020, the Group has several LIBOR bank borrowings which be will subject to interest rate
     benchmark reform. The Group expects no significant gains or losses should the interest rate benchmark for
     these loans change resulting from the reform on application of the amendments.

                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           117
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2020
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




      2.    APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL
            REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”) - continued

            New and amendments to IFRSs in issue but not yet effective - continued

            Amendments to IFRSs Annual Improvements to IFRSs 2018 - 2020

            The annual improvements make amendments to the following standards.

            IFRS 9 Financial Instruments

            The amendment clarifies that for the purpose of assessing whether modification of terms of original financial
            liability constitutes substantial modification under the “10 per cent” test, a borrower includes only fees paid or
            received between the borrower and the lender, including fees paid or received by either the borrower or the
            lender on the other’s behalf.

            IFRS 16 Leases

            The amendment to Illustrative Example 13 accompanying IFRS 16 removes from the example the illustration of
            reimbursement relating to leasehold improvements by the lessor in order to remove any potential confusion.

            IAS 41 Agriculture

            The amendment ensures consistency with the requirements in IFRS 13 Fair Value Measurement by removing
            the requirement in paragraph 22 of IAS 41 to exclude taxation cash flows when measuring the fair value of a
            biological asset using a present value technique.

            The application of the amendments is not expected to have significant impact on the financial position and
            performance of the Group.


      3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
            STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
            3.1       Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements

                       The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRSs. For the
                       purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial statements, information is considered material if
                       such information is reasonably expected to influence decisions made by primary users. In addition,
                       the consolidated financial statements include applicable disclosures required by the Rules Governing
                       the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“Listing Rules”) and by the
                       Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

                       The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for
                       certain financial instruments that are measured at fair values at the end of each reporting period, as
                       explained in the accounting policies set out below.

                       Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for goods
                       and services.


118   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     (CONTINUED)
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

     3.1   Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements - continued

           Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an
           orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether
           that price is directly observable or estimated using another valuation technique. In estimating the
           fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group takes into account the characteristics of the asset or
           liability if market participants would take those characteristics into account when pricing the asset or
           liability at the measurement date. Fair value for measurement and/or disclosure purposes in these
           consolidated financial statements is determined on such a basis, except for share-based payment
           transactions that are within the scope of IFRS 2 Share-based Payment , leasing transactions that
           are accounted for in accordance with IFRS 16 and measurements that have some similarities to fair
           value but are not fair value, such as net realisable value in IAS 2 Inventories or value in use in IAS 36
           Impairment of Assets.

           For financial instruments which are transacted at fair value and a valuation technique that
           unobservable inputs is to be used to measure fair value in subsequent periods, the valuation
           technique is calibrated so that at initial recognition the results of the valuation technique equals the
           transaction price.

           In addition, for financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are categorised into Level 1,
           2 or 3 based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable and
           the significance of the inputs to the fair value measurement in its entirety, which are described as
           follows:

           •   Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
               that the entity can access at the measurement date;
           •   Level 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are observable
               for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly; and
           •   Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.


     3.2   Significant accounting policies

           Basis of consolidation

           The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and
           entities controlled by the Company and its subsidiaries. Control is achieved when the Company:

           •   has power over the investee;
           •   is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and
           •   has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.




                                                                       CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           119
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2020
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




      3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
            STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

            3.2       Significant accounting policies - continued

                       Basis of consolidation - continued

                       The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that
                       there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.

                       Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases
                       when the Group loses control of the subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses of a subsidiary
                       acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss
                       and other comprehensive income from the date the Group gains control until the date when the
                       Group ceases to control the subsidiary.

                       Profit or loss and each item of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the
                       Company and to the non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income of subsidiaries is
                       attributed to the owners of the Company and to the non-controlling interests even if this results in
                       the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance.

                       When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their
                       accounting policies in line with the Group’s accounting policies.

                       All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions
                       between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

                       Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are presented separately from the Group’s equity therein,
                       which represent present ownership interests entitling their holders to a proportionate share of net
                       assets of the relevant subsidiaries upon liquidation.

                       Business combinations

                       Acquisitions of businesses are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration
                       transferred in a business combination is measured at fair value, which is calculated as the sum
                       of the acquisition-date fair values of the assets transferred by the Group, liabilities incurred by
                       the Group to the former owners of the acquiree and the equity interests issued by the Group in
                       exchange for control of the acquiree. Acquisition-related costs are generally recognised in profit or
                       loss as incurred.

                       Except for certain recognition exemptions, the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed
                       must meet the definitions of an asset and a liability in the International Accounting Standards
                       Committee’s Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements (replaced by
                       the Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting issued in September 2010).




120   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    (CONTINUED)
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

     3.2   Significant accounting policies - continued

           Business combinations - continued

           At the acquisition date, the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed are recognised at
           their fair value, except that:

           •   deferred tax assets or liabilities, and assets or liabilities related to employee benefit
               arrangements are recognised and measured in accordance with IAS 12 Income Taxes and IAS
               19 Employee Benefits respectively;

           •   liabilities or equity instruments related to share-based payment arrangements of the acquiree or
               share-based payment arrangements of the Group entered into to replace share-based payment
               arrangements of the acquiree are measured in accordance with IFRS 2 Share-based Payment
               at the acquisition date (see the accounting policy below);

           •   assets (or disposal groups) that are classified as held for sale in accordance with IFRS 5 Non-
               current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations are measured in accordance with
               that standard; and

           •   lease liabilities are recognised and measured at the present value of the remaining lease
               payments (as defined in IFRS 16) as if the acquired leases were new leases at the acquisition
               date. Right-of-use assets are recognised and measured at the same amount as the relevant
               lease liabilities, adjusted to reflect favourable or unfavourable terms of the lease when compared
               with market terms.

           Goodwill is measured as the excess of the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of
           any non-controlling interests in the acquiree, and the fair value of the acquirer's previously held
           equity interest in the acquiree (if any) over the net amount of the identifiable assets acquired and the
           liabilities assumed as at acquisition date. If, after re-assessment, the net amount of the identifiable
           assets acquired and liabilities assumed exceeds the sum of the consideration transferred, the
           amount of any non-controlling interests in the acquiree and the fair value of the acquirer's previously
           held interest in the acquiree (if any), the excess is recognised immediately in profit or loss as a
           bargain purchase gain.

           Non-controlling interests that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a
           proportionate share of the relevant subsidiary's net assets in the event of liquidation are initially
           measured at the non-controlling interests' proportionate share of the recognised amounts of the
           acquiree's identifiable net assets or at fair value.

           Goodwill

           Goodwill arising on an acquisition of a business is carried at cost as established at the date of
           acquisition of the business less accumulated impairment losses, if any.


                                                                       CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          121
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2020
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




      3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
            STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

            3.2       Significant accounting policies - continued
                       Goodwill - continued

                       For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group's cash-
                       generating units (or group of cash-generating units) that is expected to benefit from the synergies
                       of the combination, which represent the lowest level at which the goodwill is monitored for internal
                       management purposes and not larger than an operating segment.

                       A cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) to which goodwill has been allocated is
                       tested for impairment annually or more frequently when there is indication that the unit may be impaired.
                       For goodwill arising on an acquisition in a reporting period, the cash-generating unit (or group of cash-
                       generating units) to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment before the end of that
                       reporting period. If the recoverable amount is less than its carrying amount, the impairment loss is
                       allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill and then to the other assets on a pro rata
                       basis based on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit (or group of cash-generating units).

                       On disposal of the relevant cash-generating unit or any of the cash-generating unit within the group of
                       cash-generating units, the attributable amount of goodwill is included in the determination of the amount
                       of profit or loss on disposal. When the Group disposes of an operation within the cash-generating unit
                       (or a cash-generating unit within a group of cash-generating units), the amount of goodwill disposed of
                       is measured on the basis of the relative values of the operation (or the cash-generating unit) disposed of
                       and the portion of the cash-generating unit (or the group of cash-generating units) retained.

                       The Group's policy for goodwill arising on the acquisition of an associate is described below.

                       Interests in associates

                       An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence. Significant influence is the
                       power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but is not control
                       or joint control over those policies.

                       The results and assets and liabilities of associates are incorporated in these consolidated financial
                       statements using the equity method of accounting. The financial statements of associates used for
                       equity accounting purposes are prepared using uniform accounting policies as those of the Group
                       for like transactions and events in similar circumstances. Under the equity method, an investment
                       in an associate is initially recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost and
                       adjusted thereafter to recognise the Group's share of the profit or loss and other comprehensive
                       income of the associate. Changes in net assets of the associate other than profit or loss and other
                       comprehensive income are not accounted for unless such changes resulted in changes in ownership
                       interest held by the Group. When the Group's share of losses of an associate exceeds the Group's
                       interest in that associate (which includes any long-term interests that, in substance, form part of the
                       Group's net investment in the associate), the Group discontinues recognising its share of further
                       losses. Additional losses are recognised only to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or
                       constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the associate.

122   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   (CONTINUED)
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

     3.2   Significant accounting policies - continued

           Interests in associates - continued

           An interest in an associate is accounted for using the equity method from the date on which the
           investee becomes an associate. On acquisition of the interest in an associate, any excess of the
           cost of the investment over the Group's share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and
           liabilities of the investee is recognised as goodwill, which is included within the carrying amount of
           the investment. Any excess of the Group's share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and
           liabilities over the cost of the investment, after reassessment, is recognised immediately in profit or
           loss in the period in which the investment is acquired.

           The Group assesses whether there is an objective evidence that the interest in an associate may
           be impaired. When any objective evidence exists, the entire carrying amount of the investment
           (including goodwill) is tested for impairment in accordance with IAS 36 as a single asset by
           comparing its recoverable amount (higher of value in use and fair value less costs of disposal)
           with its carrying amount. Any impairment loss recognised is not allocated to any asset, including
           goodwill, that forms part of the carrying amount of the investment. Any reversal of that impairment
           loss is recognised in accordance with IAS 36 to the extent that the recoverable amount of the
           investment subsequently increases.

           When a group entity transacts with an associate of the Group, profits and losses resulting from the
           transactions with the associate are recognised in the Group's consolidated financial statements only
           to the extent of interests in the associate that are not related to the Group.

           Property, plant and equipment

           Property, plant and equipment including buildings are tangible assets that are held for use in the
           production or supply of goods or services, or for administrative purposes (other than properties
           under construction as described below). Property, plant and equipment are stated in the
           consolidated statement of financial position at cost, less subsequent accumulated depreciation and
           subsequent accumulated impairment losses, if any.

           Properties in the course of construction for production, supply or administrative purposes are
           carried at cost, less any recognised impairment loss. Costs include any costs directly attributable
           to bringing the asset to the location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in
           the manner intended by management. Depreciation of these assets, on the same basis as other
           property assets, commences when the assets are ready for their intended use.




                                                                      CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          123
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2020
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




      3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
            STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

            3.2       Significant accounting policies - continued

                       Property, plant and equipment - continued

                       When the Group makes payments for ownership interests of properties which includes both
                       leasehold land and building elements, the entire consideration is allocated between the leasehold
                       land and the building elements in proportion to the relative fair values at initial recognition. To the
                       extent the allocation of the relevant payments can be made reliably, interest in leasehold land is
                       presented as "right-of-use assets" in the consolidated statement of financial position. When the
                       consideration cannot be allocated reliably between non-lease building element and undivided
                       interest in the underlying leasehold land, the entire properties are classified as property, plant and
                       equipment.
                       `
                       Depreciation is recognised so as to write off the cost of assets (other than construction in progress)
                       less their residual values over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line method. The
                       estimated useful lives, residual values and depreciation method are reviewed at the end of each
                       reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.

                       An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future
                       economic benefits are expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss
                       arising on the disposal or retirement of an item of property, plant and equipment is determined as
                       the difference between the sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and is recognised
                       in profit or loss.

                       Intangible assets


                       Intangible assets acquired separately

                       Intangible assets with finite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at costs less
                       accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses. Amortisation for intangible assets
                       with finite useful lives is recognised on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. The
                       estimated useful life and amortisation method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with
                       the effect of any changes in estimate being accounted for on a prospective basis.


                       Internally-generated intangible assets -research and development expenditure

                       Expenditure on research activities is recognised as an expense in the period in which it is incurred.




124   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                         (CONTINUED)
                                                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

     3.2   Significant accounting policies - continued

           Intangible assets - continued

           Internally-generated intangible assets -research and development expenditure - continued

           An internally-generated intangible asset arising from development activities (or from the development
           phase of an internal project) is recognised if, and only if, all of the following have been demonstrated:

           •   the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or sale;
           •   the intention to complete the intangible asset and use or sell it;
           •   the ability to use or sell the intangible asset;
           •   how the intangible asset will generate probable future economic benefits;
           •   the availability of adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development
               and to use or sell the intangible asset; and
           •   the ability to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during its
               development.

           The amount initially recognised for internally-generated intangible asset is the sum of the expenditure
           incurred from the date when the intangible asset first meets the recognition criteria listed above.
           Where no internally-generated intangible asset can be recognised, development expenditure is
           recognised in profit or loss in the period in which it is incurred.

           Subsequent to initial recognition, internally-generated intangible assets are reported at cost less
           accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses (if any), on the same basis as
           intangible assets that are acquired separately.

           Intangible assets acquired in a business combination

           Intangible assets acquired in a business combination and recognised separately from goodwill and
           are initially recognised at their fair value at the acquisition date (which is regarded as their cost).

           Subsequent to initial recognition, intangible assets acquired in a business combination with finite
           useful lives are reported at costs less accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment
           losses, on the same basis as intangible assets that are acquired separately.

           An intangible asset is derecognised on disposal, or when no future economic benefits are expected
           from use or disposal. Gains and losses arising from derecognition of an intangible asset, measured
           as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset, are
           recognised in profit or loss when the asset is derecognised.



                                                                          CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED             125
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2020
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




      3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
            STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

            3.2       Significant accounting policies - continued

                       Impairment on property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets, deposits paid for acquisition of
                       intangible assets and intangible assets other than goodwill (see the accounting policy in respect of
                       goodwill above)

                       At the end of each reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its property, plant
                       and equipment, right-of-use assets, deposits paid for acquisition of intangible assets and intangible
                       assets with finite useful lives to determine whether there is any indication that these assets have
                       suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the relevant
                       asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss (if any).

                       The recoverable amount of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets, deposits paid for
                       acquisition of intangible assets and intangible assets are estimated individually. When it is not
                       possible to estimate the recoverable amount individually, the Group estimates the recoverable
                       amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.

                       In testing a cash-generating unit for impairment, corporate assets are allocated to the relevant cash-
                       generating unit when a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be established, or otherwise
                       they are allocated to the smallest group of cash generating units for which a reasonable and consistent
                       allocation basis can be established. The recoverable amount is determined for the cash-generating
                       unit or group of cash-generating units to which the corporate asset belongs, and is compared with the
                       carrying amount of the relevant cash- generating unit or group of cash-generating units.

                       Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In assessing value
                       in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount
                       rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the
                       asset (or a cash-generating unit) for which the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.

                       If the recoverable amount of an asset (or a cash-generating unit) is estimated to be less than its
                       carrying amount, the carrying amount of the asset (or the cash-generating unit) is reduced to its
                       recoverable amount. For corporate assets or portion of corporate assets which cannot be allocated
                       on a reasonable and consistent basis to a cash-generating unit, the Group compares the carrying
                       amount of a group of cash-generating units, including the carrying amounts of the corporate assets
                       or portion of corporate assets allocated to that group of cash-generating units, with the recoverable
                       amount of the group of cash-generating units. In allocating the impairment loss, the impairment loss
                       is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill (if applicable) and then to the other
                       assets on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit or the group of
                       cash-generating units. The carrying amount of an asset is not reduced below the highest of its fair
                       value less costs of disposal (if measurable), its value in use (if determinable) and zero. The amount
                       of the impairment loss that would otherwise have been allocated to the asset is allocated pro rata to
                       the other assets of the unit or the group of cash-generating units. An impairment loss is recognised
                       immediately in profit or loss.


126   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                          (CONTINUED)
                                                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

     3.2   Significant accounting policies - continued

           Impairment on property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets, deposits paid for acquisition of
           intangible assets and intangible assets other than goodwill (see the accounting policy in respect of
           goodwill above) - continued

           Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or cash-
           generating unit or a group of cash-generating units) is increased to the revised estimate of its
           recoverable amount, but so that the increased carrying amount does not exceed the carrying
           amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset
           (or a cash-generating unit or a group of cash-generating units) in prior years. A reversal of an
           impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

           Inventories

           Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Costs of inventories are
           determined on a weighted average method. Net realisable value represents the estimated selling
           price for inventories less all estimated costs of completion and costs necessary to make the sale.

           Financial instruments

           Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when a group entity becomes a party to the
           contractual provisions of the instruments. All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are
           recognised and derecognised on a trade date basis. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases
           or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the time frame established by
           regulation or convention in the market place.

           Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value, except for the trade
           receivables arising from contracts with customers which are initially measured in accordance with
           IFRS 15. Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets
           and financial liabilities (other than financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through profit
           or loss ("FVTPL")) are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial
           liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition
           of financial assets or financial liabilities at FVTPL are recognised immediately in profit or loss.

           If the transaction price differs from fair value at initial recognition, the Group will account for such
           difference as follows:

           •   if fair value is evidenced by a quoted price in an active market for an identical asset or liability
               or based on a valuation technique that uses only data from observable markets, then the
               difference is recognised in profit or loss on initial recognition (i.e. day 1 profit or loss);

           •   in all other cases, the fair value will be adjusted to bring it in line with the transaction price (i.e.
               day 1 profit or loss will be deferred by including it as a separate line item on the consolidated
               statement of financial position).

                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED             127
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2020
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




      3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
            STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

            3.2       Significant accounting policies - continued

                       Financial instruments - continued

                       After initial recognition, the deferred gain or loss will be released to profit or loss on a rational basis,
                       only to the extent that it arises from a change in time value of options that market participants would
                       take into account when pricing the asset or liability.

                       The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or
                       financial liability and of allocating interest income and interest expense over the relevant period. The
                       effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts and payments
                       (including all fees and points paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate,
                       transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) through the expected life of the financial asset or
                       financial liability, or, where appropriate, a shorter period, to the net carrying amount on initial recognition.

                       Financial assets

                      Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets

                       Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:

                       •   the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash
                           flows; and

                       •   the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of
                           principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

                       Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at fair value through
                       other comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”):

                       •   the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both selling
                           and collecting contractual cash flows; and

                       •   the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of
                           principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

                       All other financial assets are subsequently measured at FVTPL, except that at initial recognition of
                       a financial asset the Group may irrevocably elect to present subsequent changes in fair value of
                       an equity investment in other comprehensive income if that equity investment is neither held for
                       trading nor contingent consideration recognised by an acquirer in a business combination to which
                       IFRS 3 Business Combinations applies, and except derivative designated in a qualifying hedging
                       relationship.

                       In addition, the Group may irrevocably designate financial assets that are required to be measured at
                       the amortised cost or FVTOCI as measured at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces
                       an accounting mismatch.

128   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                  (CONTINUED)
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

     3.2   Significant accounting policies - continued

           Financial instruments - continued

           Financial assets - continued

           Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets - continued

           (i)     Amortised cost and interest income

                   Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method for financial assets
                   measured subsequently at amortised cost and debt instruments/receivables subsequently
                   measured at FVTOCI. Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest
                   rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset, except for financial assets that
                   have subsequently become credit-impaired (see below). For financial assets that have
                   subsequently become credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the
                   effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset from the next reporting
                   period. If the credit risk on the credit- impaired financial instrument improves so that the
                   financial asset is no longer credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the
                   effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset from the beginning
                   of the reporting period following the determination that the asset is no longer credit-
                   impaired.

           (ii)    Equity instruments designated as at FVTOCI

                   Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI are subsequently measured at fair value with
                   gains and losses arising from changes in fair value recognised in other comprehensive
                   income and accumulated in the investments revaluation reserve; and are not subject to
                   impairment assessment. The cumulative gain or loss will not be reclassified to profit or loss
                   on disposal of the equity investments, and will be transferred to accumulated profits.

                   Dividends from these investments in equity instruments are recognised in profit or loss
                   when the Group’s right to receive the dividends is established, unless the dividends clearly
                   represent a recovery of part of the cost of the investment.

           (iii)   Financial assets at FVTPL

                   Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost or
                   FVTOCI or designated as FVTOCI are measured at FVTPL.

                   Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period,
                   with any fair value gains or losses recognised in profit or loss and is included in the “other
                   income/ other gains and losses” line item.




                                                                     CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          129
                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




      3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
            STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

            3.2       Significant accounting policies - continued

                       Financial instruments - continued

                       Financial assets - continued

                      Impairment of financial assets

                       The Group performs impairment assessment under expected credit loss (“ECL”) model on financial
                       assets (including trade and other receivables, amount due from an associate and bank balances)
                       which are subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9. The amount of ECL is updated at each
                       reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition.

                       Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the expected
                       life of the relevant instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL (“12m ECL”) represents the portion of
                       lifetime ECL that is expected to result from default events that are possible within 12 months after
                       the reporting date. Assessment are done based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience,
                       adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and an
                       assessment of both the current conditions at the reporting date as well as the forecast of future
                       conditions.

                       The Group always recognises lifetime ECL for trade receivables.

                       For all other instruments, the Group measures the loss allowance equal to 12m ECL, unless when
                       there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, in which case the Group
                       recognises lifetime ECL. The assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be recognised is based on
                       significant increases in the likelihood or risk of a default occurring since initial recognition.

                       (i)	Significant increase in credit risk

                               In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition,
                               the Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the
                               reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date
                               of initial recognition. In making this assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and
                               qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable, including historical experience
                               and forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort.




130   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   (CONTINUED)
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

     3.2   Significant accounting policies - continued

           Financial instruments - continued

           Financial assets - continued

           Impairment of financial assets - continued

           (i)	Significant increase in credit risk - continued

                   In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit
                   risk has increased significantly:

                   •    an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s external (if
                        available) or internal credit rating;
                   •    significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk, e.g. a significant
                        increase in the credit spread, the credit default swap prices for the debtor;
                   •    existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that
                        are expected to cause a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt
                        obligations;
                   •    an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor;
                   •    an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or
                        technological environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the
                        debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations.

                   Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit
                   risk has increased significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments are more
                   than 30 days past due, unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information that
                   demonstrates otherwise.

                   	The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there
                   has been a significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that
                   the criteria are capable of identifying significant increase in credit risk before the amount
                   becomes past due.

           (ii)    Definition of default

                   	For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default occurs when
                   information developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor
                   is unlikely to pay its creditors, including the Group, in full (without taking into account any
                   collaterals held by the Group).

                   Irrespective of the above, the Group considers that default has occurred when a financial
                   asset is more than 90 days past due unless the Group has reasonable and supportable
                   information to demonstrate that a more lagging default criterion is more appropriate.


                                                                      CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          131
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2020
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




      3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
            STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

            3.2       Significant accounting policies - continued

                       Financial instruments - continued

                       Financial assets - continued

                      Impairment of financial assets - continued

                       (iii)   Credit-impaired financial assets

                               	A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events of default that have a
                               detrimental impact on the estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred.
                               Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes observable data about the
                               following events:

                               (a)   significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;
                               (b)   a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;
                               (c)   the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the
                                     borrower’s financial difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the
                                     lender(s) would not otherwise consider; or
                               (d)   it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial
                                     reorganisation.

                       (iv)	Write-off policy

                               	The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the
                               counterparty is in severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery,
                               for example, when the counterparty has been placed under liquidation or has entered into
                               bankruptcy proceedings, or in the case of trade receivables, when amounts are over three
                               years past due, whichever occurs sooner. Financial assets written off may still be subject
                               to enforcement activities under the Group’s recovery procedures, taking into account legal
                               advice where appropriate. A write-off constitutes a derecognition event. Any subsequent
                               recoveries are recognised in profit or loss.

                       (v)	Measurement and recognition of ECL

                               	The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e.
                               the magnitude of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment
                               of the probability of default and loss given default is based on historical data adjusted
                               by forward-looking information. Estimation of ECL reflects an unbiased and probability-
                               weighted amount that is determined with the respective risks of default occurring as the
                               weights. The Group uses a practical expedient in estimating ECL on trade receivables
                               using a provision matrix taking into consideration historical credit loss experience, adjusted
                               for forward looking information that is available without undue cost or effort.




132   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    (CONTINUED)
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

     3.2   Significant accounting policies - continued

           Financial instruments - continued

           Financial assets - continued

           Impairment of financial assets - continued

           (v)	Measurement and recognition of ECL - continued

                   Generally, the ECL is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to
                   the Group in accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to
                   receive, discounted at the effective interest rate determined at initial recognition.

                   Lifetime ECL for certain trade receivables are considered on a collective basis taking into
                   consideration past due information and relevant credit information such as forward looking
                   macroeconomic information.

                   For collective assessment, the Group takes into consideration the following characteristics
                   when formulating the grouping:

                   •   Past-due status; and
                   •   Nature, size and industry of debtors.

                   	The grouping is regularly reviewed by management to ensure the constituents of each
                   group continue to share similar credit risk characteristics.

                   Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial asset
                   unless the financial asset is credit impaired, in which case interest income is calculated
                   based on amortised cost of the financial asset.

                   	The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments
                   by adjusting their carrying amount, with the exception of trade receivables where the
                   corresponding adjustment is recognised through a loss allowance account.

           Derecognition of financial assets

           The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from
           the asset expire. If the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards
           of ownership and continues to control the transferred asset, the Group recognises its retained
           interest in the asset and an associated liability for amounts it may have to pay. If the Group retains
           substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of a transferred financial asset, the Group
           continues to recognise the financial asset and also recognises a collateralised borrowing for the
           proceeds received.




                                                                      CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           133
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2020
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




      3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
            STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

            3.2       Significant accounting policies - continued

                       Financial instruments - continued

                       Derecognition of financial assets - continued

                       On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the asset’s
                       carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised in profit or
                       loss.

                       On derecognition of an investment in equity instrument which the Group has elected on initial
                       recognition to measure at FVTOCI, the cumulative gain or loss previously accumulated in the
                       investments revaluation reserve is not reclassified to profit or loss, but is transferred to accumulated
                       profits.

                       Financial liabilities and equity instruments

                      Classification as debts or equity

                       Debt and equity instruments are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance with
                       the substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity
                       instrument.

                      Equity instruments

                       An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity
                       after deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recognised at the
                       proceeds received, net of direct issue costs.

                       Repurchase of the Company’s own equity instruments is recognised and deducted directly in equity.
                       No gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the
                       Company’s own equity instruments.

                      Financial liabilities

                       All financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest
                       method or at FVTPL.

                      Financial liabilities at FVTPL

                       Financial liabilities are classified as at FVTPL when the financial liability is (i) contingent consideration
                       of an acquirer in a business combination to which IFRS 3 applies, or (ii) it is designated as at FVTPL.




134   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                          (CONTINUED)
                                                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

     3.2   Significant accounting policies - continued

           Financial instruments - continued

           Financial liabilities and equity instruments - continued

           Financial liabilities at FVTPL - continued

           A financial liability is held for trading if:

           •    it has been acquired principally for the purpose of repurchasing it in the near term; or
           •    on initial recognition it is part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group
                manages together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or
           •    it is a derivative, except for a derivative that is a financial guarantee contract or a designated
                and effective hedging instrument.

           A financial liability other than a financial liability held for trading or contingent consideration of an
           acquirer in a business combination may be designated as at FVTPL upon initial recognition if:

           •    such designation eliminates or significantly reduces a measurement or recognition inconsistency
                that would otherwise arise; or
           •    the financial liability forms part of a group of financial assets or financial liabilities or both,
                which is managed and its performance is evaluated on a fair value basis, in accordance with
                the Group’s documented risk management or investment strategy, and information about the
                grouping is provided internally on that basis; or
           •    it forms part of a contract containing one or more embedded derivatives, and IFRS 9 permits
                the entire combined contract to be designated as at FVTPL.

           For financial liabilities that are designated as at FVTPL, the amount of change in the fair value of the
           financial liability that is attributable to changes in the credit risk of that liability is recognised in other
           comprehensive income, unless the recognition of the effects of changes in the liability’s credit risk
           in other comprehensive income would create or enlarge an accounting mismatch in profit or loss.
           For financial liabilities that contain embedded derivatives, such as derivative financial instruments,
           the changes in fair value of the embedded derivatives are excluded in determining the amount to be
           presented in other comprehensive income. Changes in fair value attributable to a financial liability’s
           credit risk that are recognised in other comprehensive income are not subsequently reclassified to
           profit or loss; instead, they are transferred to accumulated profits upon derecognition of the financial
           liability.




                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED             135
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2020
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




      3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
            STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

            3.2       Significant accounting policies - continued

                       Financial instruments - continued

                       Financial liabilities and equity instruments - continued

                      Financial liabilities at amortised cost

                       Financial liabilities, including trade and other payables, bank borrowings and deferred consideration
                       payables, are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest method.

                      Bank borrowings

                       Bank borrowings are recognised initially at fair value of proceeds received, net of transaction costs
                       incurred. Transaction costs are incremental costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition
                       or issue of a financial liability. Bank borrowings are subsequently stated at amortised cost. Any
                       difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the redemption value is amortised to
                       profit or loss over the period of the bank borrowings using the effective interest method.

                      Deferred consideration payables

                       The deferred consideration payables are initially measured at the present value of the contractual
                       future payments that are not paid at that date. Deferred consideration payables are subsequently
                       measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.

                       Derecognition of financial liabilities

                       The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are
                       discharged, cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial
                       liability derecognised and the consideration paid and payable is recognised in profit or loss.

                       Derivative financial instruments

                       Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value at the date when derivative contracts are entered
                       into and are subsequently remeasured to their fair value at the end of the reporting period. The
                       resulting gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss unless the derivative is designated and effective
                       as a hedging instrument, in which event the timing of the recognition in profit or loss depends on the
                       nature of the hedge relationship.




136   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                  (CONTINUED)
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

     3.2   Significant accounting policies - continued

           Financial instruments - continued

           Hedge accounting

           The Group designates certain derivatives as hedging instruments for cash flow hedges.

           At the inception of the hedging relationship the Group documents the relationship between the
           hedging instrument and the hedged item, along with its risk management objectives and its strategy
           for undertaking various hedge transactions. Furthermore, at the inception of the hedge and on an
           ongoing basis, the Group documents whether the hedging instrument is highly effective in offsetting
           changes in fair values or cash flows of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk.

           For the purpose of determining whether a forecast transaction (or a component thereof) is highly
           probable, the Group assumes that the interest rate benchmark on which the hedged cash flows
           (contractually or non- contractually specified) are based is not altered as a result of interest rate
           benchmark reform.

           Assessment of hedging relationship and effectiveness

           For hedge effectiveness assessment, the Group considers whether the hedging instrument is
           effective in offsetting changes in fair values or cash flows of the hedged item attributable to the
           hedged risk, which is when the hedging relationships meet all of the following hedge effectiveness
           requirements:

           •   there is an economic relationship between the hedged item and the hedging instrument;
           •   the effect of credit risk does not dominate the value changes that result from that economic
               relationship; and
           •   the hedge ratio of the hedging relationship is the same as that resulting from the quantity of the
               hedged item that the Group actually hedges and the quantity of the hedging instrument that the
               entity actually uses to hedge that quantity of hedged item.

           If a hedging relationship ceases to meet the hedge effectiveness requirement relating to the hedge
           ratio but the risk management objective for that designated hedging relationship remains the same,
           the Group adjusts the hedge ratio of the hedging relationship (i.e. rebalances the hedge) so that it
           meets the qualifying criteria again.

           In assessing the economic relationship between the hedged item and the hedging instrument,
           the Group assumes that the interest rate benchmark on which the hedged cash flows and/or the
           hedged risk (contractually or non-contractually specified) are based, or the interest rate benchmark
           on which the cash flows of the hedging instrument are based, is not altered as a result of interest
           rate benchmark reform.




                                                                     CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          137
                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




      3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
            STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

            3.2       Significant accounting policies - continued

                       Financial instruments - continued

                       Hedge accounting - continued

                      Cash flow hedges

                       The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives and other qualifying hedging
                       instruments that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges are recognised in other
                       comprehensive income and accumulated under the heading of hedging reserve, limited to the
                       cumulative change in fair value of the hedged item from inception of the hedge. The gain or loss
                       relating to the ineffective portion is recognised immediately in profit or loss, and is included in “other
                       income/ other gains and losses” line item.

                       For the purpose of reclassifying the amount of gains and losses accumulated in the cash flow hedge
                       reserve in order to determine whether the hedged future cash flows are expected to occur, the
                       Group assumes the interest rate benchmark on which the hedged cash flows (contractually or non-
                       contractually specified) are based is not altered as a result of interest rate benchmark reform.

                       Amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity are
                       reclassified to profit or loss in the periods when the hedged item affects profit or loss, in the same
                       line as the recognised hedged item.

                       Furthermore, if the Group expects that some or all of the loss accumulated in the hedging reserve
                       will not be recovered in the future, the amount is immediately reclassified to profit or loss.

                      Discontinuation of hedge accounting

                       The Group discontinues hedge accounting prospectively only when the hedging relationship (or a
                       part thereof) ceases to meet the qualifying criteria (after rebalancing, if applicable). This includes
                       instances when the hedging instrument expires or is sold, terminated or exercised. Discontinuing
                       hedge accounting can either affect a hedging relationship in its entirety or only a part of it (in which
                       case hedge accounting continues for the remainder of the hedging relationship).

                       Any gain or loss recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity at that time
                       remains in equity and is recognised when the forecast transactions is ultimately recognised in profit
                       or loss. When a forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur, the gain or loss accumulated in
                       equity is recognised immediately in profit or loss.




138   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    (CONTINUED)
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

     3.2   Significant accounting policies - continued

           Revenue from contracts with customers

           The Group recognises revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when “control”
           of the goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to the
           customer.

           A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is
           distinct or a series of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same.

           Control is transferred over time and revenue is recognised over time by reference to the progress
           towards complete satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is
           met:

           the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s
           performance as the Group performs;

           •   the Group’s performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group
               performs; or
           •   the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the
               Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.
           •   Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the
               distinct good or service.

           A contract asset represents the Group’s right to consideration in exchange for goods or services that
           the Group has transferred to a customer that is not yet unconditional. It is assessed for impairment
           in accordance with IFRS 9. In contrast, a receivable represents the Group’s unconditional right to
           consideration, i.e. only the passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due.

           A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer
           for which the Group has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the
           customer.

           A contract asset and a contract liability relating to the same contract are accounted for and
           presented on a net basis.




                                                                       CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          139
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2020
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




      3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
            STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

            3.2       Significant accounting policies - continued

                       Revenue from contracts with customers - continued

                       Principal versus agent

                       When another party is involved in providing goods or services to a customer, the Group determines
                       whether the nature of its promise is a performance obligation to provide the specified goods or
                       services itself (i.e. the Group is a principal) or to arrange for those goods or services to be provided
                       by the other party (i.e. the Group is an agent).

                       The Group is a principal if it controls the specified good or service before that good or service is
                       transferred to a customer.

                       The Group is an agent if its performance obligation is to arrange for the provision of the specified
                       good or service by another party. In this case, the Group does not control the specified good or
                       service provided by another party before that good or service is transferred to the customer. When
                       the Group acts as an agent, it recognises revenue in the amount of any fee or commission to which
                       it expects to be entitled in exchange for arranging for the specified goods or services to be provided
                       by the other party.

                       Variable consideration

                       For contracts that contain variable consideration (e.g. sales returns or volume rebates), the Group
                       estimates the amount of consideration to which it will be entitled using the expected value method,
                       which better predicts the amount of consideration to which the Group will be entitled.

                       The estimated amount of variable consideration is included in the transaction price only to the extent
                       that it is highly probable that such an inclusion will not result in a significant revenue reversal in the
                       future when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved.

                       At the end of each reporting period, the Group updates the estimated transaction price (including
                       updating its assessment of whether an estimate of variable consideration is constrained) to
                       represent faithfully the circumstances present at the end of the reporting period and the changes in
                       circumstances during the reporting period.

                       Taxation

                       Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.

                       The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from profit
                       before tax because of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and items
                       that are never taxable or deductible. The Group’s liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates
                       that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.




140   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                          (CONTINUED)
                                                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

     3.2   Significant accounting policies - continued

           Taxation - continued

           Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and
           liabilities in the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the
           computation of taxable profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable temporary
           differences. Deferred tax assets are generally recognised for all deductible temporary differences to the
           extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available against which those deductible temporary
           differences can be utilised. Such deferred tax assets and liabilities are not recognised if the temporary
           difference arises from the initial recognition (other than in a business combination) of assets and liabilities
           in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profit. In addition, deferred tax
           liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of goodwill.

           Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences associated with investments
           in subsidiaries and associates, except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the
           temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the
           foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences associated
           with such investments and interests are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that there
           will be sufficient taxable profits against which to utilise the benefits of the temporary differences and
           they are expected to reverse in the foreseeable future.

           The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of the reporting period and
           reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to
           allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.

           Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the
           period in which the liability is settled or the asset realised, based on tax rate (and tax laws) that have
           been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

           The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would
           follow from the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or
           settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.

           For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for leasing transactions in which the Group recognises
           the right-of-use assets and the related lease liabilities, the Group first determines whether the tax
           deductions are attributable to the right-of-use assets or the lease liabilities.

           For leasing transactions in which the tax deductions are attributable to the lease liabilities, the Group
           applies IAS 12 Income Taxes requirements to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities separately.
           Temporary differences on initial recognition of the relevant right-of-use assets and lease liabilities
           are not recognised due to application of the initial recognition exemption. Temporary differences
           arising from subsequent revision to the carrying amounts of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities,
           resulting from remeasurement of lease liabilities and lease modifications, that are not subject to initial
           recognition exemption are recognised on the date of remeasurement or modification.
                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED             141
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2020
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




      3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
            STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

            3.2       Significant accounting policies - continued
                       Taxation - continued

                       Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current
                       tax assets against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied to the same
                       taxable entity by the same taxation authority.

                       Current and deferred tax are recognised in profit or loss, except when they relate to items that are
                       recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case, the current and
                       deferred tax are also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity respectively.
                       Where current tax or deferred tax arises from the initial accounting for a business combination, the
                       tax effect is included in the accounting for the business combination.

                       In assessing any uncertainty over income tax treatments, the Group considers whether it is probable
                       that the relevant tax authority will accept the uncertain tax treatment used, or proposed to be use
                       by individual group entities in their income tax filings. If it is probable, the current and deferred taxes
                       are determined consistently with the tax treatment in the income tax filings. If it is not probable that
                       the relevant taxation authority will accept an uncertain tax treatment, the effect of each uncertainty is
                       reflected by using either the most likely amount or the expected value.

                       Foreign currencies

                       In preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in currencies other
                       than the functional currency of that entity (foreign currencies) are recognised at the rates of exchange
                       prevailing at the dates of the transactions. At the end of each reporting period, monetary items
                       denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing at that date. Non-monetary
                       items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.

                       Exchange differences, arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the retranslation of
                       monetary items, are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.

                       For the purposes of presenting the consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities
                       of the Group’s foreign operations are translated into the presentation currency of the Group (i.e.
                       RMB) using exchange rates prevailing at the end of each reporting period. Income and expense
                       items are translated at the average exchange rates for the period, unless exchange rates fluctuate
                       significantly during that period, in which case, the exchange rates at the dates of transactions are
                       used. Exchange differences arising, if any, are recognised in other comprehensive income and
                       accumulated in equity under the heading of translation reserve.

                       On the disposal of a foreign operation (that is, a disposal of the Group’s entire interest in a foreign operation,
                       or a disposal involving loss of control over a subsidiary that includes a foreign operation, or a partial disposal
                       of an interest in a joint arrangement or an associate that includes a foreign operation of which the retained
                       interest becomes a financial asset), all of the exchange differences accumulated in equity in respect of that
                       operation attributable to the owners of the Company are reclassified to profit or loss.


142   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     (CONTINUED)
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

     3.2   Significant accounting policies – continued

           Leases

           Definition of a lease

           A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified
           asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.

           For contracts entered into on or after the date of initial application, the Group assesses whether a
           contract is or contains a lease based on the definition under IFRS 16 at inception or modification
           date. Such contract will not be reassessed unless the terms and conditions of the contract are
           subsequently changed.

           The Group as a lessee

           Short-term leases

           The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to leases of office premises that have
           a lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not
           contain a purchase option. Lease payments on short-term leases are recognised as expense on a
           straight-line basis or another systematic basis over the lease term.

           Right-of-use assets

           The cost of right-of-use asset includes:

           •   the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability;
           •   any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives
               received;
           •   any initial direct costs incurred by the Group; and
           •   an estimate of costs to be incurred by the Group in dismantling and removing the underlying
               assets, restoring the site on which it is located or restoring the underlying asset to the condition
               required by the terms and conditions of the lease.

           Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment
           losses, and adjusted for any re-measurement of lease liabilities.

           Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of its estimated useful
           life and the lease term.

           The Group presents right-of-use assets as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of
           financial position.




                                                                       CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           143
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2020
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




      3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
            STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

            3.2       Significant accounting policies - continued

                       Leases - continued

                       The Group as a lessee - continued

                      Refundable rental deposits

                       Refundable rental deposits paid are accounted under IFRS 9 and initially measured at fair value.
                       Adjustments to fair value at initial recognition are considered as additional lease payments and
                       included in the cost of right-of-use assets.

                      Lease liabilities

                       At the commencement date of a lease, the Group recognised and measures the lease liability at
                       the present value of lease payments that are unpaid at that date. In calculating the present value of
                       lease payments, the Group uses the incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date if
                       the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable.

                       The lease payments include:

                       •   fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable;
                       •   variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate initially measured using the index or
                           rate as the commencement date;
                       •   amounts expected to be payable by the Group under residual value guarantees;
                       •   the exercise price of a purchase option if the Group is reasonably certain to be exercised by the
                           Group; and
                       •   payments of penalties for terminating a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising the
                           option to terminate the lease.

                       After the commencement date, lease liabilities are adjusted by interest accretion and lease
                       payments.

                       The Group remeasures lease liabilities (and makes a corresponding adjustment to the related right-
                       of-use assets) whenever:

                       •   the lease term has changed or there is a change in the assessment of exercise of a purchase
                           option, in which case the related lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease
                           payments using a revised discount rate at the date of reassessment.
                       •   the lease payments change due to changes in market rental rates following a market rent
                           review, in which cases the related lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease
                           payments using the initial discount rate.

                       The Group presents lease liabilities as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial
                       position.



144   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    (CONTINUED)
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

     3.2   Significant accounting policies - continued

           Leases - continued

           The Group as a lessee - continued

           Lease modifications

           The Group accounts for a lease modification as a separate lease if:

           •   the modification increases the scope of the lease by adding the right to use one or more
               underlying assets; and

           •   the consideration for the leases increases by an amount commensurate with the stand-alone
               price for the increase in scope and any appropriate adjustments to that stand-alone price to
               reflect the circumstances of the particular contract.

           For a lease modification that is not accounted for as a separate lease, the Group remeasures the
           lease liability, less any lease incentives receivable, based on the lease term of the modified lease
           by discounting the revised lease payments using a revised discount rate at the effective date of the
           modification.

           The Group accounts for the remeasurement of lease liabilities by making corresponding adjustments
           to the relevant right-of-use asset.

           Borrowing costs

           Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying
           assets, which are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their
           intended use or sale, are added to the cost of those assets until such time as the assets are
           substantially ready for their intended use or sale.

           Any specific borrowing that remain outstanding after the related asset is ready for its intended use
           or sale is included in the general borrowing pool for calculation of capitalisation rate on general
           borrowings. Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending
           their expenditure on qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.

           All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.




                                                                       CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          145
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2020
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




      3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
            STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

            3.2       Significant accounting policies - continued

                       Government grants

                       Government grants are not recognised until there is reasonable assurance that the Group will
                       comply with the conditions attaching to them and that the grants will be received.

                       Government grants are recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which the
                       Group recognises as expenses the related costs for which the grants are intended to compensate.

                       Government grants related to income that are receivable as compensation for expenses or losses
                       already incurred or for the purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no
                       future related costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they become receivable.
                       Government grants relating to compensation of expenses are deducted from the related expenses,
                       other government grants are presented under “other income/ other gains and losses”.

                       Retirement benefit costs

                       Payment to defined contribution retirement benefit plans including schemes registered under the
                       Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance in Hong Kong, Social Security Fund Schemes in
                       Macau, Employee Provident Fund Schemes in Malaysia and government retirement benefit scheme
                       in PRC and retirement benefit scheme in Dubai are recognised as an expense when employees
                       have rendered service, entitling them to the contributions.

                       Payments to employee benefit schemes including Key Employee Benefit Scheme (the “2009 Scheme”),
                       CMS Key Employee Benefit Scheme (the “New KEB Scheme”) and CMS Employee Incentive Scheme
                       (the “Bonus Scheme”), which are classified as a defined contribution scheme, are recognised as an
                       expense in the reporting period in which the Board of Directors approve for the contribution to a trust.

                       The Group operates defined contribution retirement schemes in Hong Kong, Macau, the PRC,
                       Malaysia and Dubai.

                       The Group’s contributions to the defined contribution retirement schemes and the mandatory
                       provident fund scheme are recognised as an expense when employees have rendered service
                       entitling them to the contributions and, in respect of the non-mandatory provident fund schemes,
                       such contributions are reduced by contributions forfeited by those employees who leave the
                       schemes prior to vesting fully in the Group’s contributions.

                       Short-term employee benefits

                       Short-term employee benefits are recognised at the undiscounted amount of the benefits expected to be
                       paid as and when employees rendered the services. All short-term employee benefits are recognised as
                       an expense unless another IFRS requires or permits the inclusion of the benefit in the cost of an asset.

                       A liability is recognised for benefits accruing to employees (such as wages and salaries, annual leave
                       and sick leave) after deducting any amount already paid.

146   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                          (CONTINUED)
                                                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




4.   KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY
     In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, which are described in note 3, the directors of the
     Company are required to make judgements, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets
     and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and associated assumptions are
     based on historical experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ
     from these estimates.

     The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an on-going basis. Revisions to accounting
     estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or
     in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.

     The following are the key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at
     the end of the reporting period, that may have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying
     amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year.

     Estimated impairment of goodwill

     For the purpose of impairment testing, the entire amount of goodwill has been allocated to the five (2019: five)
     cash generating units (“CGU”s) (see note 18). The impairment assessment is based on the higher of fair value
     less costs of disposal and value in use of the CGUs. The value in use calculation requires the Group to estimate
     the future cash flows expected to arise from the CGUs and a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the
     present value. The value in use calculation is sensitive to changes in the key assumptions including growth
     rates, discount rate and the forecast performance based on management’s view of future business prospects.
     Where the actual future cash flows are less than expected, or change in facts and circumstances which results
     in downward revision of future cash flows or upward revision of discount rate, a material impairment loss/further
     impairment loss may arise. During the year ended 31 December 2020, an impairment loss of
     RMB170,000,000 (2019: nil) was recognised in profit or loss. As at 31 December 2020, the carrying amount of
     goodwill is approximately RMB1,214,535,000 (2019: RMB1,384,535,000) (net of accumulated impairment loss
     of RMB170,000,000 (2019: nil)).

     Estimated impairment of interest in Tibet Rhodiola Pharmaceutical Holding Company (“Tibet Pharmaceutical”)

     As at 31 December 2020, the impairment indicator on interest in Tibet Pharmaceutical, an associate of the
     Group, no longer existed and no impairment assessment was carried out. As at 31 December 2019, due to
     prolonged decline in the quoted market price of the shares of Tibet Pharmaceutical, which was an impairment
     indicator, the Group performed an impairment assessment on Tibet Pharmaceutical. Determining whether
     impairment loss should be recognised requires an estimation of the recoverable amount of the relevant
     associate which is the higher of value in use and fair value less costs of disposal. The value in use calculation
     requires the management of the Group to estimate the present value of the estimated cash flows expected
     to arise from the proceeds from the ultimate disposal of the investment taking into account factors, including
     growth rates, discount rate and forecast performance. In cases where the actual cash flows are more or less
     than expected, or change in facts and circumstances which result in revision of future cash flows estimation,
     a material reversal or further recognition of impairment may arise, which would be recognised in profit or loss
     for the period in which such a reversal or further recognition takes place. In the opinion of the directors of the
     Company, no impairment of interest in Tibet Pharmaceutical is recognised for the years ended 31 December
     2020 and 2019. Details of the interest in Tibet Pharmaceutical are disclosed in note 16.


                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          147
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2020
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




      4.    KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY - continued
            As at 31 December 2020, the carrying amount of the interests in Tibet Pharmaceutical amounted to
            RMB2,639,711,000 (2019: RMB2,590,151,000).


            Estimated impairment of intangible assets

            At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its intangible assets to determine
            whether there is any indication that those assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication
            exists, the recoverable amount of the asset is determined as the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal
            and its value in use. The recoverable amount is estimated with reference to the value in use calculation in order
            to determine the extent of the impairment loss, if any. The value in use calculation is sensitive to changes in the
            key assumptions including growth rates, discount rate and the forecast performance based on management’s
            view of future business prospects. If the recoverable amount of an intangible asset is estimated to be less than
            its carrying amount, the carrying amount of the asset is reduced to its recoverable amount. During the year
            ended 31 December 2020, an impairment loss of RMB57,598,000 (2019: RMB4,730,000) was recognised
            in profit or loss. As at 31 December 2020, the carrying amount of intangible assets is approximately
            RMB2,239,588,000 (2019: RMB2,459,128,000).

            Provision of ECL for trade receivables

            Trade receivables with credit-impairment are assessed for ECL individually. In addition, the Group uses practical
            expedient in estimating ECL on trade receivables which are not assessed individually using a provision matrix.
            The provision rates are based on internal credit ratings as groupings of various debtors taking into consideration
            the Group’s historical default rates and forward-looking information that is reasonable, supportable and available
            without undue costs or effort. At every reporting date, the historical observed default rates are reassessed and
            changes in the forward-looking information are considered.

            The provision of ECL is sensitive to changes in estimates. Due to greater financial uncertainty triggered by the
            Covid-19 pandemic, the Group has increased the expected loss rates in the current year as there is higher risk
            that a prolonged pandemic could led to increased credit default rates. The information about the ECL and the
            Group’s trade receivables are disclosed in notes 35 and 21, respectively.




148   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                         (CONTINUED)
                                                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




4.   KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY - continued

     Fair value measurement of financial instruments

     The Group’s unquoted equity instruments including equity instruments at FVTOCI amounting to
     RMB382,341,000 (2019: RMB235,568,000) as at 31 December 2020, are measured at fair values with
     certain fair values being determined based on unobserved inputs using valuation techniques. Judgement
     and estimation are required in establishing the relevant valuation techniques and the relevant inputs thereof.
     Changes in assumptions relating to these factors could affect the reported fair values of these instruments.
     See note 19 for further disclosures.

     Estimated impairment of deposits paid for acquisition of intangible assets

     At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its deposits paid for acquisition
     of intangible assets to determine whether there is any indication that those assets have suffered an impairment
     loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the asset is estimated with reference to the value
     in use calculation in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss, if any. The value in use calculation is
     sensitive to changes in the key assumptions including growth rates, discount rate and the forecast performance
     based on management’s view of future business prospects. If the recoverable amount of the deposits paid
     for acquisition of intangible assets is estimated to be less than its carrying amount, the carrying amount of the
     asset is reduced to its recoverable amount. During the year ended 31 December 2020, an impairment loss of
     nil (2019: RMB963,000) was recognised. As at 31 December 2020, the carrying amount of the deposits paid
     for acquisition of intangible assets is approximately RMB628,989,000 (2019: RMB325,126,000).


5.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
     (i)   Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers

            The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue from its major products and services:


            At a point in time                                                             2020                  2019
                                                                                       RMB’000               RMB’000


            Sales of pharmaceutical products                                          5,709,327             4,768,335
            Promotion income                                                           1,236,637            1,305,289

            Total revenue                                                              6,945,964            6,073,624




                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          149
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2020
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




      5.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION - continued
            (ii)    Performance obligations for contracts with customers

                    The Group sells and promotes pharmaceutical products to hospital and medical institutions throughout
                    the PRC through distributors of direct network and agency network.

                    The Group has acted as principal for transactions of pharmaceutical products and acted as agent
                    for the promotion services. In assessing whether the Group acted as principal or agent, the Group
                    has considered whether it controls the pharmaceutical products and promotion services before such
                    products and/or services are transferred to customers, indicators including but not limited to whether
                    the Group has primary responsibility in providing the goods and services to the customers, inventory risk
                    before the customers’ order and whether it has discretion in establishing price.

                    For sales of pharmaceutical products to customers, revenue is recognised at a point in time when
                    control of the pharmaceutical products is passed to customers, i.e. when the products are delivered and
                    titles have passed to customers upon receipt by customers. Sales rebates will be granted to customers
                    by the Group for qualified purchases at a pre-determined amount per unit.

                    For promotion of pharmaceutical products, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the Group
                    satisfies its obligation to arrange for the pharmaceutical products to be provided by suppliers to distributors.

                    A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to sales of pharmaceutical products to customers
                    for which the Group has received consideration from (or an amount of consideration is due from)
                    customers while revenue has not yet been recognised. All the revenue contracts are for periods of one
                    year or less. As permitted under IFRS 15, the transaction price allocated to these unsatisfied contracts
                    is not disclosed.

            (iii)   Segment information

                    The Group determines its operating segments based on the internal reports reviewed by the Executive
                    Directors of the Company, being the chief operating decision maker that are used for resources
                    allocation and assessment of segment performance.

                    The Group only has one reportable operating segment that is marketing, promotion, sales and manufacturing
                    of pharmaceutical products. No operating results and discrete financial information is available for the
                    assessment of performance of the respective business divisions and resources allocation purpose. Therefore,
                    no analysis of the Group’s revenue, results, assets and liabilities by operating segments is presented.

                    The Group’s production of medicines, marketing, promotion and sale of drugs are primarily in the PRC.
                    Almost all revenue from external customers is attributed to the PRC, 74% and 26% of non-current
                    assets excluding amount due from an associate, derivative financial instruments and deferred tax assets
                    of the Group are located in the PRC and Dubai, respectively (2019: 74% and 26%).

                    No single customer contributes over 10% of the total revenue of the Group for both years.




150   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                            (CONTINUED)
                                                                       FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




6.   OTHER INCOME/ OTHER GAINS AND LOSSES
                                                                                2020               2019
                                                                            RMB’000            RMB’000


     Impairment loss on intangible assets                                     (57,598)            (4,730)
     Impairment loss on goodwill                                             (170,000)                  -
     Impairment loss on deposit paid for
      acquisition of intangible assets                                              -               (963)
     Interest income                                                          61,031              41,998
     Government subsidies (Note a)                                            46,927              47,377
     Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                           (145)            (9,122)
     Gain on disposal of right-of-use assets                                        -              6,268
     Net foreign exchange gain (loss)                                         60,560             (18,851)
     Change in fair value of derivative
      financial instruments                                                   (13,827)             8,904
     Change in fair value of financial assets at fair
      value through profit or loss                                               (567)                  -
     Release on deferred difference on initial
      recognition of financial instruments                                      1,929              1,929
     Others                                                                    (1,790)               991


                                                                              (73,480)            73,801


     Note:
     (a)	The amounts for both years mainly represented the incentive subsidies provided by the PRC local
           authorities to the Group to encourage business operation in the PRC. There were no unfulfilled
           conditions attached to these grants and, the Group has recognised the grants upon receipts.


7.   FINANCE COSTS
                                                                                2020               2019
                                                                            RMB’000            RMB’000


     Interest on bank borrowings                                              26,109              53,862
     Interest on lease liabilities                                              1,094              1,314
     Imputed interest on deferred consideration payables                         317               1,079

                                                                              27,520              56,255


                                                                   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED     151
                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2020
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




      8.    DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S EMOLUMENTS
            Directors’ and chief executive’s remunerations for the year, disclosed pursuant to the applicable Listing Rules
            and the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, are as follows:
                                                                       Year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                                                                               Executive
                                                                                                                                Director
                                                                                      Independent                              and chief
                                   Executive Directors                           Non-executive Directors                       executive
                                       (Note b)                                         (Note c)                               (Note b)
                                                                                  Cheung
                                    Chen           Chen             Wu              Kam           Leung           Luo,
                                    Hong            Yan             Chi            Shing,         Chong          Laura            Lam
                                    Bing           Ling           Keung            Terry          Shun           Ying            Kong          Total
                                   RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                                  (Note d)                      (Note e)        (Note a)

            Fees                        203            203             203                47           203             156              203     1,218
            Other emoluments
             Salaries and other
             benefits                  4,189          3,038                 -                -             -               -        4,145      11,372
             Contributions to
             retirement benefits
             schemes                     33             16                  -                -             -               -            31        80

            Total emoluments          4,425          3,257            203                47            203             156          4,379      12,670

                                                                       Year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                                                                        Executive
                                                                                                                         Director
                                                                                     Independent                        and chief
                                    Executive Directors                         Non-executive Directors                 executive
                                        (Note b)                                       (Note c)                         (Note b)
                                                                                       Cheung
                                    Chen            Chen               Wu                Kam            Leung
                                    Hong             Yan               Chi              Shing,          Chong              Lam
                                    Bing            Ling             Keung              Terry           Shun              Kong              Total
                                   RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                       (Note d)                          (Note a)

            Fees                          191                191                 191             191            191               191           1,146
            Other emoluments
             Salaries and other
             benefits                   3,012            2,316                     -               -               -            3,324           8,652
             Contributions to
             retirement benefits
                                             76              76                    -               -              -               33             185
             schemes

            Total emoluments           3,279            2,583                   191              191           191              3,548           9,983


            Notes:

            (a)	Mr. Lam Kong is also the chief executive of the Company and his emoluments disclosed above include
                 those for services rendered by him as the chief executive.
            (b)	The executive directors’ emoluments shown above were mainly for their services in connection with the
                 management of the affairs of the Company and the Group.
            (c)	The independent non-executive director’s emoluments shown above were mainly for their services as
                 directors of the Company.

152   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     (CONTINUED)
                                                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




8.   DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S EMOLUMENTS - continued
     Notes:- continued

     (d) 	Mr. Cheung Kam Shing, Terry resigned as the independent non-executive director of the Company on
          31 March 2020.
     (e)	Ms. Luo, Laura Ying was appointed as the independent non-executive director of the Company on 31
          March 2020.

     There was no arrangement under which a director or the chief executive waived or agreed to waive any
     remuneration during both years.


9.   EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS
     The five highest paid individuals for the year ended 31 December 2020 included 3 directors (2019: 3 directors),
     details of whose emoluments are set out in note 8 above. The emoluments of the remaining two (2019: two)
     individuals for the year ended 31 December 2020 were as follows:

                                                                                        2020                 2019
                                                                                    RMB’000              RMB’000
     Employees
      - basic salaries and allowances                                                   4,248                2,952
      - retirement benefits scheme contributions                                           61                  116

                                                                                        4,309                3,068


     The number of the highest paid individuals who are not the directors of the Company whose remuneration fell
     within the following bands is as follows:

                                                                                    Number of employees
                                                                                        2020                 2019


     HK$1,500,001 to HK$2,000,000
      (approximately RMB1,300,050 to RMB1,733,400)                                           -                   2
     HK$2,000,001 to HK$2,500,000
      (approximately RMB1,733,400 to RMB2,166,750)                                          1                     -
     HK$2,500,001 to HK$3,000,000
      (approximately RMB2,166,750 to RMB2,600,100)                                          1                     -


     During both years, no emoluments were paid by the Group to the directors or the highest paid individuals
     (including directors and employees) as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for
     loss of office.




                                                                          CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        153
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2020
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




      10. INCOME TAX EXPENSE
      		
                                                                                                   2020                 2019
                                                                                                RMB’000              RMB’000
            Current tax:
             The PRC Enterprise Income Tax                                                       223,843              161,737
             Malaysian Corporate Income Tax                                                            -              357,219
             Hong Kong Profits Tax                                                                   627                7,009
             Macau Complementary Income Tax                                                      127,866                4,782
             Others                                                                                    -                   40
                                                                                                 352,336              530,787

            (Over) underprovision in prior years:
             The PRC Enterprise Income Tax                                                          1,168               7,975
             Malaysian Corporate Income Tax                                                       (87,183)                  -
                                                                                                  (86,015)              7,975
            Deferred taxation (note 30):
             - Current year                                                                           (5,932)           (6,758)
                                                                                                 260,389              532,004

            Notes:

            (a)	The PRC Enterprise Income Tax

                     The provision for PRC Enterprise Income Tax is based on the estimated taxable income for the PRC
                     taxation purposes at the applicable rates for both years.

                     Under the Law of the PRC on Enterprise Income Tax (the “EIT Law”) and Implementation Regulation of
                     the EIT Law, the tax rate of the PRC subsidiaries is 25% except for those described below.

                     天 津 康 哲 醫 藥 科 技 發 展 有 限 公 司 (Tianjin Kangzhe Pharmaceutical Technology Development Co., Ltd.)
                     (“Tianjin Kangzhe”) is entitled to a reduced tax rate of 15% (2019: 15%) granted by the local tax authority
                     until 2020. 康哲 ( 湖南 ) 制藥有限公司 (Kangzhe (Hunan) Medical Co., Ltd.) (“Kangzhe Hunan”) is entitled
                     to a reduced tax rate of 15% (2019: 15%) granted by local tax authority until 2022. 西藏康哲藥業發展有限
                     公司 (Tibet Kangzhe Pharmaceutical Development Co., Ltd ) (“Tibet Kangzhe Development”) is entitled to
                     a reduced tax rate of 9% (2019: 9%) granted by local tax authority until 2021.

            (b)	Malaysian Corporate Income Tax and Withholding Income Tax

                     Due to the tax reform under Labuan New Tax Legislation, the Group’s Malaysian subsidiary is taxed under
                     the Malaysian Income Tax Act 1967 (the “Act 1967”) with effect from the year of assessment 2019. The
                     statutory income tax of the Group’s Malaysian subsidiary is at 24% of the chargeable income and withholding
                     income tax of 15% and 10% shall be levied on the interest payment and royalty payment, respectively from
                     the companies established in Malaysia to overseas entities for the year ended 31 December 2019. The
                     Malaysian subsidiary had been disposed of by the Group on 17 December 2019 as set out in Note 42.




154   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                        (CONTINUED)
                                                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




10. INCOME TAX EXPENSE – continued
   Notes: - continued

   (c)   Hong Kong Profits Tax

         On 21 March 2018, the Hong Kong Legislative Council passed The Inland Revenue (Amendment) (No.
         7) Bill 2017 (the “Bill”) which introduces the two-tiered profits tax rates regime. The Bill was signed into
         law on 28 March 2018 and was gazetted on the following day. Under the two-tiered profits tax rates
         regime, the first HK$2 million of profits of the qualifying group entity will be taxed at 8.25%, and profits
         above HK$2 million will be taxed at 16.5%, while only one entity nominated by a group of “connected”
         entities will be entitled to select the lower tax rate. The profits of group entities not elected/qualified for
         the two-tiered profits tax rates regime will continue to be taxed at a flat rate of 16.5%.

         The directors of the Company considered the amount involved upon implementation of the two-tiered
         profits tax rates regime as insignificant to the consolidated financial statements. Hong Kong Profits Tax
         is calculated at 16.5% of the estimated assessable profit for both years.

   (d)	PRC Withholding Income Tax

         PRC withholding income tax of 10% shall be levied on the dividend declared by the companies
         established in the PRC to their foreign investors out of their profits earned after 1 January 2008. A lower
         5% withholding rate may be applied when the immediate holding company of the PRC subsidiaries
         are incorporated or operated in Hong Kong and fulfil the requirements to the tax treaty arrangements
         between the PRC and Hong Kong.

   (e)	Overseas Income tax

         The company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited liability
         under the Companies Law, Cap.22 of Cayman Islands and accordingly, is exempted from the Cayman
         Islands Income Tax.

   (f)	Macau Complementary Income Tax

         Macau Complementary Income Tax is calculated at the progressive rate on the estimated assessable
         profits. The maximum tax rate is 12% for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019.

   (g)   Dubai Tax

         The United Arab Emirates does not have a federal corporate income tax regime. Instead, corporate
         income tax is determined on a territorial basis under the respective Tax Decrees issued by the
         government of each individual Emirate (of which there are seven that make up the United Arab
         Emirates), among which Dubai has no legislation imposing corporate income taxes. On the basis of the
         above, most entities registered in Dubai are currently not required to file corporate tax returns in Dubai,
         regardless of where the business is registered. According to prevailing regulations in Dubai, no income
         tax is imposed on the Company’s subsidiaries in Dubai.




                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           155
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2020
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




      10. INCOME TAX EXPENSE - continued
            The tax charge for the year can be reconciled to the ‘profit before tax’ per the consolidated statement of profit
            or loss and other comprehensive income as follows:


                                                                                                 2020                 2019
                                                                                             RMB’000              RMB’000


            Profit before tax                                                               2,816,089            2,487,698



            Tax at the applicable tax rate (Note)                                             704,022              621,925
            Tax effect of share of results of associates                                       (38,451)             (28,574)
            Tax effect of expenses that are not deductible in
              determining taxable profit                                                      102,881               45,982
            Tax effect of income that is not taxable in
              determining taxable profit                                                        (6,449)              (2,353)
            Tax effect of offshore income that is not taxable in
              determining taxable profit                                                       (71,355)             (68,623)
            Tax effect of tax losses not recognised                                             3,546                   106
            Tax effect of deductible temporary differences
              not recognised                                                                   27,474                 1,954
            Tax effect of tax concession                                                     (111,060)              (81,004)
            Effect on different applicable tax rates of subsidiaries                         (134,424)              (13,119)
            Effect of taxable profit that is not taxable in Dubai                            (129,154)              (22,106)
            (Over) underprovision in prior years                                               (86,015)               7,975
            Utilisation of tax losses previously not recognised                                      -                  (73)
            Withholding tax levied on Malaysian subsidiaries                                         -              41,665
            Additional tax obligation arising from Malaysian
              Income Tax Act                                                                         -              28,687
            Others                                                                                (626)                (438)

            Income tax expense for the year                                                   260,389              532,004


            Note:	The applicable PRC EIT rate of 25% (2019: 25%) is the prevailing tax rate applicable to Shenzhen
                  Kangzhe Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Shenzhen Kangzhe”), a major operating subsidiary of the Group,
                  which is engaged in the marketing, promotion and sales of imported drugs.




156   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                           (CONTINUED)
                                                                      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




11. PROFIT FOR THE YEAR
		
                                                                               2020               2019
                                                                           RMB’000            RMB’000
   Profit for the year has been arrived at after charging:


   Directors’ remuneration (note 8)
    Fees                                                                      1,218               1,146
    Salaries and other benefits                                              11,372               8,652
    Contribution to retirement benefits schemes                                  80                 185

                                                                             12,670               9,983
   Other staff costs                                                        710,472            604,816
   Contribution to retirement benefits schemes                               28,911              43,608
   Employee benefits expense (note 40)                                       25,000              14,000

   Total staff costs                                                        777,053            672,407

   Auditor’s remuneration                                                     3,305               3,186
   Written off for inventories (included in cost of goods sold)                    -              2,948
   Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                             35,117              32,181
   Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                       11,257               9,557
   Amortisation of intangible assets (included in
    cost of goods sold)                                                     161,942            162,317
   Cost of inventories recognised as an expense                           1,641,855           1,349,705


   For the year ended 31 December 2020, Covid-19 related government grants amounted to RMB19,617,000
   have been offset against staff costs.




                                                                  CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED     157
                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2020
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




      12. DIVIDENDS
                                                                                                    2020                  2019
                                                                                               RMB’000               RMB’000
            Dividends paid


            Dividends recognised as distributions during the year:
              2020 Interim - RMB0.2105 (2019: 2019 interim dividend
               RMB0.1883) per share                                                              520,095               467,061
              2019 Final - RMB0.1271 (2019: 2018 final dividend
               RMB0.1434) per share                                                              314,034               355,691

                                                                                                 834,129               822,752

            Dividends proposed


            Dividends proposed during the year:
              2020 final - RMB0.2033 (2019: 2019 final
               - RMB0.1271) per share                                                            502,306               315,260


            The Board of Directors have declared a final dividend of RMB0.2033 per ordinary share for the year ended 31
            December 2020 (2019: RMB0.1271 per ordinary share).


      13. EARNINGS PER SHARE
            The calculation of the basic earnings per share attributable to owners of the Company is based on the following data:


                                                                                                    2020                  2019
                                                                                               RMB’000               RMB’000
            Earnings for the purposes of basic earnings per share
              (profit attributable to owners of the Company)                                   2,530,398             1,960,712

                                                                                            Number of ordinary shares
                                                                                              as at 31 December

                                                                                                    2020                  2019
            Weighted average number of ordinary shares
              for the purpose of basic earnings per share                                 2,471,841,299         2,480,408,512


            The Group has no outstanding potential ordinary shares as at 31 December 2020 and 2019 and during the
            years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019. Therefore, no diluted earnings per share is presented.



158   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                       FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                                                                        Furniture,
                                                                                         fixtures
                                             Leasehold   Plant and        Motor             and       Construction
                             Buildings     improvement   machinery       vehicles      equipment      in progress      Total
                             RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000
   COST
   At 1 January 2019           315,660          46,689      176,347         34,825         21,552          11,321      606,394
   Additions                     13,487          1,248        1,750           2,028          7,056         11,977        37,546
   Disposals                    (23,697)             -           (17)        (3,074)        (1,824)              -      (28,612)
   Transfer                         122              -          770               -              -            (892)           -

   At 31 December 2019         305,572          47,937      178,850         33,779         26,784          22,406      615,328
   Additions                     1,944           6,284         3,959          2,263        10,317          12,791       37,558
   Disposals                         -               -        (2,946)        (1,407)        (3,293)             -        (7,646)
   Transfer                     15,463               -         4,250              -              -        (19,713)            -

   At 31 December 2020         322,979          54,221      184,113         34,635         33,808          15,484      645,240

   ACCUMULATED
    DEPRECIATION
   At 1 January 2019             50,342          5,585       40,089         21,609         10,501                -     128,126
   Provided for the year         11,655          3,901       11,635           3,543          1,447               -       32,181
   Eliminated on disposals      (13,419)             -           (16)        (2,767)        (1,678)              -      (17,880)

   At 31 December 2019          48,578           9,486       51,708         22,385         10,270                -     142,427
   Provided for the year        12,050           4,327       12,089           3,541          3,110               -      35,117
   Eliminated on disposals           -               -        (2,576)        (1,267)        (3,284)              -       (7,127)

   At 31 December 2020          60,628          13,813       61,221         24,659         10,096                -     170,417

   CARRYING VALUES
   At 31 December 2020         262,351          40,408      122,892          9,976         23,712          15,484      474,823

   At 31 December 2019         256,994          38,451      127,142         11,394         16,514          22,406      472,901


   The above items of property, plant and equipment are depreciated over their estimated useful lives as follows:


   Buildings                                                   Over the shorter of the lease terms, or 20/40 years
   Leasehold improvement                                       Over the shorter of the lease terms, or 10 years
   Plant and machinery                                         5 to 10 years
   Motor vehicles                                              5 years
   Furniture, fixtures and equipment                           5 years


   The Group has pledged property, plant and equipment with a net book value of approximately RMB65,539,000
   (2019: RMB69,838,000) to secure certain bank borrowings and banking facilities granted to the Group.




                                                                               CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED               159
                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2020
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




      15. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS
      		
                                                    Leasehold
                                                      land         Building         Total
                                                    RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000


            As at 31 December 2020
            Carrying amount                               44,505         12,357             56,862


            As at 31 December 2019
            Carrying amount                               45,593         19,393             64,986


            For the year ended 31 December 2020
            Depreciation charge                            1,088         10,169             11,257


            For the year ended 31 December 2019
            Depreciation charge                            1,291          8,266              9,557


                                                                    Year ended       Year ended
                                                                    31/12/2020       31/12/2019
                                                                       RMB’000         RMB’000


            Expense relating to short-term leases                         5,828              1,953


            Total cash outflow for leases                               (17,028)        (11,047)


            Disposal of right-of-use assets                                    -        (16,661)


            Additions to right-of-use assets                              3,133             18,160




160   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    (CONTINUED)
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




15. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS - continued
   For both years, the Group leases offices premises and warehouses for its operations. For the year ended 31
   December 2020, lease contracts are entered into for fixed term of 1 year to 5 years (2019: 1 year to 5 years)
   with fixed payment. The Group does not have the option to purchase the leased properties for a nominal
   amount at the end of the relevant lease terms or any extension/termination options which are solely at the
   Group’s discretion. The Group’s obligations are secured by the rental deposits for such leases. Lease terms
   are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. The Group
   determines the lease period to be the non-cancellable period based on the contractual terms of the contract.

   In addition, the Group owns several industrial buildings and office buildings. The Group is the registered owner
   of these property interests, including the underlying leasehold lands. Lump sum payments were made upfront
   to acquire these property interests. The leasehold land components of these owned properties are presented
   separately only if the payments made can be allocated reliably.

   As at 31 December 2020, the Group has pledged right-of-use assets with a net book value of approximately
   RMB15,506,000 (2019: RMB15,904,000) to secure general banking facilities granted to the Group.

   The Group regularly entered into short-term leases for offices premises and warehouses. As at 31 December
   2020 and 2019, the portfolio of short-term leases is similar to the portfolio of short-term leases to which the
   short-term lease expense disclosed above.

   All the Group’s leasehold lands represented prepaid land use right, are located in the PRC.


16. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES
                                                                                      2020                 2019
                                                                                   RMB’000              RMB’000

   Cost of investments in associates
    Listed outside Hong Kong                                                      2,304,356            2,304,356
    Unlisted                                                                              -               11,536

   Share of post-acquisition profits and other comprehensive
    income, net of dividends received                                               335,355              274,267

                                                                                  2,639,711            2,590,159

   Fair value of listed investment (note)                                         6,231,377            2,116,334


   Note:	As at 31 December 2020, the fair value of the Group’s interest in its listed associate, Tibet
         Pharmaceutical, of which its shares are listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, was approximately
         RMB6,231 million (2019: approximately RMB2,116 million) based on the quoted market price available
         on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, which is a level 1 input in terms of IFRS 13 Fair Value Measurement.


                                                                        CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         161
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2020
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




      16. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES - continued

            As at 31 December 2020 and 2019, details of the associates are as follows:


                                                                               Proportion of
                                                  Place of      Principal    ownership interest
                                               establishment/   place of       /voting rights
                     Name of associates        incorporation    business      held by the Group       Principal activities
                                                                              2020        2019

            Ophol Limited (“Ophol”) (Note a)     Hong Kong      Hong Kong       -        24.49%     Investment holding and
                                                                                                      provision of agency
                                                                                                      service


            Tibet Pharmaceutical (Note b)          Tibet          Tibet      37.36%      37.36%     Production of
                                                                                                     medicines and sale
                                                                                                     of drugs


            Notes:

            (a) 	Ophol has been liquidated during the year ended 31 December 2020.

            (b)      During the year ended 31 December 2020, Tibet Pharmaceutical went through a capitalisation from
                     capital reserve and the Group’s shares holding increased from 66,156,114 ordinary shares as at 31
                     December 2019 to 92,618,560 ordinary shares as at 31 December 2020. There is no change in the
                     Group’s ownership interest in Tibet Pharmaceutical, remained at 37.36% as at 31 December 2020
                     and 2019. As the Group is able to exercise significant influence over Tibet Pharmaceutical in both
                     years, it is accounted for as an associate of the Group. Included in the cost of investment in Tibet
                     Pharmaceutical as at 31 December 2020, there is a goodwill of approximately RMB1,654,481,000
                     (2019: RMB1,654,481,000).

                     During the year ended 31 December 2019, Tibet Pharmaceutical repurchased an aggregate of
                     2,520,746 ordinary shares.

                     As at 31 December 2020, the impairment indicator on interest in Tibet Pharmaceutical no longer existed
                     and no impairment assessment was carried out.

                     At 31 December 2019, due to prolonged decline in the quoted market price of the shares of Tibet
                     Pharmaceutical, the impairment review was performed which was determined based on cash flow
                     projections which were derived from the financial budgets approved by management covering a five-year
                     period, with a discount rate of 14.4%. Tibet Pharmaceutical’s cash flows beyond the five-year period
                     are extrapolated using a growth rate of 3%. This growth rate is based on management’s best estimate
                     and past experience on the industry. In the opinion of the directors of the Company, as the recoverable
                     amount based on the value in use calculation is higher than the carrying amount as at 31 December
                     2019, no impairment loss was recognised for the year ended 31 December 2019.

                     Details of the assumptions used in the impairment assessment of interest in Tibet Pharmaceutical are
                     disclosed in note 4.



162   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                  (CONTINUED)
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




16. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES - continued

   Summarised financial information of associates

   Summarised financial information in respect of each of the Group’s associates is set out below. The
   summarised financial information below represents amounts shown in the associate’s financial statements
   prepared in accordance with IFRSs. All of these associates are accounted for using the equity method in these
   consolidated financial statements.

   Tibet Pharmaceutical - continued


                                                                               31.12.2020          31.12.2019
                                                                                 RMB’000             RMB’000


   Current assets                                                               1,351,115           1,341,035

   Non-current assets                                                           1,593,173           1,426,197

   Current liabilities                                                           (333,077)            (309,846)

   Non-current liabilities                                                         (22,829)            (10,595)



                                                                                     2020                2019
                                                                                 RMB’000             RMB’000


   Revenue                                                                      1,373,105           1,256,022



   Profit for the year                                                            420,663             317,370



   Other comprehensive (expense) income for the year                             (100,064)              23,728



   Total comprehensive income for the year                                        320,599             341,098



   Dividends received from the associate during the year                           70,125               24,477




                                                                      CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        163
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2020
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




      16. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES - continued

            Summarised financial information of associates - continued

            Tibet Pharmaceutical - continued

            Reconciliation of the above summarised financial information to the carrying amount of the interest in the
            associate recognised in the consolidated financial statements.


                                                                                     31.12.2020          31.12.2019
                                                                                       RMB’000             RMB’000


            Net assets of Tibet Pharmaceutical                                         2,588,382           2,446,791
            Non-controlling interests                                                    (12,297)              (9,730)

                                                                                       2,576,085           2,437,061
            Proportion of the Group’s ownership interest in
              Tibet Pharmaceutical                                                       37.36%              37.36%

                                                                                         962,425            910,486
            Goodwill                                                                   1,654,481           1,654,481
            Effect of fair value adjustment at acquisition                                32,861              32,861
            Effect of deferred tax relating to fair value adjustment
              at acquisition                                                               (8,215)             (8,215)
            Other adjustments                                                              (1,841)               538

            Carrying amount of the Group’s interest in Tibet
              Pharmaceutical                                                           2,639,711           2,590,151




164   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                               (CONTINUED)
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




16. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES - continued

   Summarised financial information of associates - continued


   Ophol
                                                                             31.12.2020          31.12.2019
                                                                               RMB’000             RMB’000


   Current assets                                                                      -                 45

   Current liabilities                                                                 -                 (14)

                                                                                   2020                2019
                                                                               RMB’000             RMB’000


   Revenue                                                                             -                   -

   Loss for the year                                                                 (31)                 (2)

   Other comprehensive income for the year                                             -                   1

   Total comprehensive expense for the year                                          (31)                 (1)

   Dividends received from the associate during the year                               -                   -

   Reconciliation of the above summarised financial information to the carrying amount of the interest in the
   associate recognised in the consolidated financial statements.

                                                                             31.12.2020          31.12.2019
                                                                               RMB’000             RMB’000


   Net assets of Ophol                                                                 -                 31
   Proportion of the Group’s ownership interest in Ophol                        24.49%              24.49%

   Carrying amount of the Group’s interest in Ophol                                    -                   8




                                                                     CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED      165
                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




      17. INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                      Exclusive
                                                     distribution        Patent          Product
                                                        rights           rights           rights           Total
                                                      RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                       (Note a          (Note b)         (Note c)
                                                     & Note b(i))
            COST
            At 1 January 2019                            2,111,920          320,431          800,556        3,232,907
            Addition                                                -              -          72,100           72,100

            At 31 December 2019
             and 31 December 2020                        2,111,920          320,431          872,656        3,305,007

            AMORTISATION
            At 1 January 2019                              342,451          122,329          194,052          658,832
            Charge for the year                            102,124           18,964           41,229          162,317

            At 31 December 2019                            444,575          141,293          235,281          821,149
            Charge for the year                            101,751           18,963           41,228          161,942

            At 31 December 2020                            546,326          160,256          276,509          983,091

            IMPAIRMENT LOSS
            At 1 January 2019                               20,000                 -                -          20,000
            Recognised in the year                           4,730                 -                -           4,730

            At 31 December 2019                             24,730                 -                -          24,730
            Recognised in the year                                  -        57,598                 -          57,598

            At 31 December 2020                             24,730           57,598                 -          82,328

            CARRYING VALUES
            At 31 December 2020                          1,540,864          102,577          596,147        2,239,588

            At 31 December 2019                          1,642,615          179,138          637,375        2,459,128


            Notes:

            (a)      Exclusive distribution rights

                     (i)	On 9 March 2008, the Group entered into an exclusive distribution agreement and a
                         supplementary agreement (the “XinHuoSu Agreements”) with Tibet Pharmaceutical in connection
                         to a finished drug product (Lyophilized Recombinant Human Brain Natriuretic Peptide) which was
                         distributed in the PRC market under the trade name of XinHuoSu for a term of three years with
                         effect from 1 July 2008 to 30 June 2011.




166   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                            (CONTINUED)
                                                                                    FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




17. INTANGIBLE ASSETS - continued

   Notes:         - continued

   (a)      Exclusive distribution rights - continued

            (i)      - continued

            	Pursuant to the XinHuoSu Agreements, the Group obtained the exclusive distribution right of
              XinHuoSu for nil consideration and committed to handle the Phase IV clinical trials of XinHuoSu
              for 2,000 cases in the PRC to meet the drug safety standards set by the China Food and Drug
              Administration. The drug, XinHuoSu, to be used in the 2,000 case clinical trials would be
              provided by Tibet Pharmaceutical free of charge. All other costs of the 2,000 case clinical trials
              should be borne by the Group.

                    In the opinion of the directors of the Company, the Group obtained the exclusive distribution
                    right of XinHuoSu on the basis that the Group should complete the clinical trials of XinHuoSu
                    and would bear all the costs of the clinical trials. Therefore, the costs incurred in clinical trials of
                    approximately RMB4,745,000 were capitalised as an intangible asset.

            	As at 31 December 2011, the exclusive distribution right was fully amortised.

            (ii)	On 23 August 2012, the Group entered into a product rights transfer agreement (the “Agreement”)
                 with 北京亞東生物製藥有限公司 (Beijing Yadong Biopharmaceutical Co., Ltd.) (“Beijing Yadong”),
                 an independent third party. According to the Agreement, Tianjin Kangzhe purchased from Beijing
                 Yadong the exclusive distribution rights of three Traditional Chinese Medicinal Products - Yin
                 Lian Qing Gan Ke Li, Xiang Fu Yi Xue Kou Fu Ye, Ma Jiang Jiao Nang (collectively referred to as
                 “Three Products”) for a term of 20 years with effect from 23 August 2012 at a consideration of
                 RMB33,000,000. Tianjin Kangzhe exclusively promotes and sells the Three Products in the PRC
                 and Beijing Yadong is responsible for the production of the Three Products as required by Tianjin
                 Kangzhe and sells the Three Products exclusively to Tianjin Kangzhe.

                    During the year ended 31 December 2016, as the market base of Three Products was relatively
                    weak and the actual sales of Three Products was lower than previously expected, there was
                    an impairment indicator. Management performed an impairment assessment by estimating the
                    recoverable amount of Three Products. The recoverable amount of Three Products had been
                    determined from a value in use, based on the expected free cash flow up to the end of the
                    exclusive distribution right at a discount rate of 11%. The recoverable amount of approximately
                    RMB5,850,000 was lower than the carrying amount of approximately RMB25,850,000, an
                    impairment loss of RMB20,000,000 was recognised for the year ended 31 December 2016.




                                                                               CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           167
                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2020
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




      17. INTANGIBLE ASSETS - continued

            Notes:          - continued

            (a)      Exclusive distribution rights - continued

                     (ii)     - continued

                              During the year ended 31 December 2019, the management considered that there is an
                              impairment indicator on the carrying amount of Three Products as the actual sales of Three
                              Products was lower than previously expected. Management performed an impairment
                              assessment by estimating the recoverable amount of Three Products. The recoverable amount of
                              Three products has been determined from a value in use, based on the expected free cash flow
                              up to the end of the exclusive distribution right as at a discount rate of 11% and an impairment
                              loss of RMB4,730,000 was recognised for the year ended 31 December 2019.

                              During the year ended 31 December 2020, management reviews the performance of Three
                              Products and concludes that there is no indication that the impairment losses previously
                              recognised no longer exist or have decreased.

                     	As at 31 December 2020 and 2019, the exclusive distribution rights are fully impaired.

                     (iii)	On 26 February 2016, the Group entered into an exclusive license agreement with AstraZeneca
                           AB, an independent third party, pursuant to which AstraZeneca AB granted an exclusive license
                           to the Group for the commercialisation of Plendil (Felodipine Sustained Release Tablet) in the
                           PRC, at a consideration of US$310,000,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB2,029,012,000).
                           US$155,000,000 had been paid in 2016 and the remaining balance of US$155,000,000 had
                           been paid in 2017. As at 31 December 2020, the carrying amount of the exclusive distribution
                           right was approximately RMB 1,538,667,000 (2019: RMB1,640,118,000).

                     	Under the exclusive license agreement, the Group has agreed to meet certain pre-agreed annual
                       sales target in relation to the sales of Pendil in the PRC for the first three years of the term of the
                       exclusive license agreement from years ended 31 December 2016 to 2018 and the annual sales
                       target of respective years has been met. No additional annual sales target is required under the
                       exclusive license agreement during the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019.

                     	The expected useful life of the exclusive license right is 20 years.




168   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                         (CONTINUED)
                                                                                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




17. INTANGIBLE ASSETS - continued

   Notes:       - continued

   (b)      Acquisition of exclusive distribution rights and patent rights

            (i)	The Group acquired 100% of equity interest in Great Move Enterprises Limited (“Great Move”)
                 and 51% of equity interest in Guangxi Kangzhe Guangming Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Kangzhe
                 Guangming”) on 3 April 2011 and 30 April 2011, respectively. This included the acquisition of
                 exclusive distribution rights and patent rights for the sales of several products. The exclusive
                 distribution rights and patent rights were measured at their fair values at the date of acquisition
                 and the valuation of the intangible assets was performed by Vigers Appraisal & Consulting
                 Limited, an independent valuer.

            	The fair value of the patent rights at the date of acquisition was determined based on the royalty
              rate method by capitalising future royalty income which a market participant would be willing to
              pay to use the patents for the remaining term of the patent right. The fair value of the exclusive
              distribution rights at the date of acquisition was determined based on the multi-period excess
              earnings method by capitalising future cash flows derived from the intangible assets for the
              remaining term of the distribution rights.

            	As at the acquisition date, the major patent rights owned by Tianjin Kangzhe, the wholly
              owned subsidiary of Great Move, represented YiNuoShu and ShaDuoLiKa amounting to
              RMB137,917,000 and RMB8,287,000, respectively and the exclusive distribution rights owned
              by Tianjin Kangzhe amounted to RMB39,350,000.

                   During the year ended 31 December 2020, the management considers that there is an
                   impairment indicator on the carrying amount of YiNuoShu as there is adverse change in the
                   Group’s market shares in selling YiNuoShu. Therefore, a full impairment loss of RMB57,598,000
                   was recognised for the year ended 31 December 2020.

                   As at 31 December 2020, the carrying amounts of patent rights of YiNuoShu and ShaDuoLiKa
                   and exclusive distribution rights owned by Tianjin Kangzhe were nil, nil and nil, respectively (2019:
                   RMB66,027,000, nil and nil).

                   The Group also acquired the exclusive distribution right and patent right of XiDaKang amounting
                   to RMB5,813,000 and RMB7,715,000, respectively through the acquisition of a former subsidiary,
                   Kangzhe Guangming. As at 31 December 2020, the carrying amount of the exclusive distribution
                   right and patent right of XiDaKang were approximately RMB2,197,000 and RMB1,708,000,
                   respectively (2019: RMB2,497,000 and RMB1,939,000).

            	The expected useful lives of the exclusive distribution rights and patent rights are ranging from 1
              year to 17 years.




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         169
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2020
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




      17. INTANGIBLE ASSETS - continued

            Notes:       - continued

            (b)      Acquisition of exclusive distribution rights and patent rights - continued

                     (ii)	On 27 December 2013, the Group entered into a transfer agreement with the shareholders of
                          non-controlling interests of Kangzhe Guangming (the “Sellers”) in connection with the transfer of
                          the patent right of XiDaKang at a consideration of RMB40,000,000. The Sellers, who directly held
                          49% equity interest of Kangzhe Guangming, agreed to transfer the 49% interest in the patent right
                          of XiDaKang to Kangzhe Hunan, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. The consideration
                          will be settled by the first payment of RMB30,000,000 and annual payment of RMB1,000,000 to
                          the Sellers over the next ten years. The directors of the Company recognised the payable as a
                          deferred consideration payable (see note 29) in the amount of RMB6,145,000 at initial recognition
                          which represents the present value of the annual consideration of RMB1,000,000 over next ten
                          years discounted at 10%. Pursuant to the transfer agreement, the 51% interest in the patent
                          right of XiDaKang was also transferred from Kangzhe Guangming to Kangzhe Hunan. Starting
                          from 27 December 2013, Kangzhe Hunan has replaced Kangzhe Guangming as the patent
                          right owner of XiDaKang. As at 31 December 2020, the carrying amount of the patent right was
                          approximately RMB18,495,000 (2019: RMB21,016,000).

                     	The expected useful lives of the patent right is 14 years.

                     (iii)	The Group acquired 100% of equity interest in Kangzhe Lengshuijiang Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
                            (formerly known as Sinopharm Traditional Chinese Medicine Lengshuijiang Pharmaceutical Co.,
                            Ltd.) (“Kangzhe Lengshuijiang”) on 28 February 2013. This included the acquisition of the patent
                            right of GanFuLe. The patent right was measured at their fair values at the date of acquisition and
                            the valuation of the intangible assets was performed by Vigers Appraisal & Consulting Limited, an
                            independent valuer.

                     	The fair value of the patent right at the date of acquisition was determined based on the royalty
                       rate method by capitalising future royalty income which a market participant would be willing to
                       pay to use the patents for the remaining term of the patent right. As at the acquisition date, the
                       patent right of GanFule owned by Kangzhe Lengshuijiang amounted to RMB16,005,000.

                            During the year ended 31 December 2016, Kangzhe Lengshuijiang was deregistered and merged
                            with Kangzhe Hunan. The assets and liabilities held by Kangzhe Lengshuijiang were transferred
                            to Kangzhe Hunan at the time of merger and Kangzhe Hunan is responsible for the production of
                            GanFuLe after the merger. As at 31 December 2020, the carrying amount of the patent right of
                            GanFuLe was approximately RMB5,335,000 (2019: RMB6,697,000).

                     	The expected useful live of the patent right is 11 years.




170   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                       (CONTINUED)
                                                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




17. INTANGIBLE ASSETS - continued

   Notes:       - continued

   (b)      Acquisition of exclusive distribution rights and patent rights - continued

            (iv)	The Group acquired 52.01% of equity interest in Hebei Xinglong Xili Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
                  (“Xili Pharmaceutical”) on 16 February 2015. This included the acquisition of the patent right of
                  DanShenTong. The patent right was measured at their fair values at the date of acquisition and
                  the valuation of the intangible assets was performed by Vigers Appraisal & Consulting Limited, an
                  independent valuer.

            	The fair value of the patent right at the date of acquisition was determined based on the royalty
              rate method by capitalising future royalty income which a market participant would be willing to
              pay to use the patents for the remaining term of the patent right. As at the acquisition date, the
              patent right of DanShenTong owned by Xili Pharmaceutical, amounted to RMB114,489,000.
              As at 31 December 2020, the carrying amount was approximately RMB77,039,000 (2019:
              RMB83,459,000).

            	The expected useful live of the patent right is 18 years.

   (c)      Acquisition of product rights

            (i)	On 1 July 2014, the Group entered into a series of agreements related to Stulln with an
                 independent third party, Pharma Stulln GmbH (“Pharma”) in connection with the transfer of
                 all assets related to Stulln for the Chinese market (including Hong Kong and Macau Special
                 Administration Regions (“SAR”)), including but not limited to the right of manufacturing
                 Stulln for the Chinese market, marketing authorisation for the Chinese market and relevant
                 intellectual property rights, including trademark in Chinese characters and know-how of Stulln,
                 and has been licensed the exclusive right to utilise the trademark in English characters, at a
                 consideration of EUR10,000,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB72,317,000). During the
                 year ended 31 December 2014, the residual balance of the exclusive agency right of Stulln of
                 approximately RMB14,625,000 was transferred to product right accordingly. As at 31 December
                 2020, the carrying amount of the product right was approximately RMB51,519,000 (2019:
                 RMB55,334,000), which included a deferred consideration payable (see note 29) in the amount
                 of nil (2019: approximately EUR1,000,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB7,815,000, which
                 represented the present value of the annual consideration of EUR1,000,000 (equivalent to
                 approximately RMB7,307,000) over next one year discounted at 10%).

            	The expected useful life of the product right is 20 years.




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED      171
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2020
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




      17. INTANGIBLE ASSETS - continued

            Notes:       - continued

            (c)      Acquisition of product rights - continued



                     (ii)	On 17 December 2014, the Group entered into a series of agreements related to Lamisil Tablet
                          and Parlodel Tablet (the “Products”) with two independent third parties, Novartis AG and Novartis
                          Pharma AG, the suppliers of the Products in Switzerland in connection with the transfer of
                          all assets related to the Products, including the drug production license of Lamisil Tablet, co-
                          marketing authorisation in Switzerland and imported drug license in China of Parlodel Tablet,
                          all know-how, books and records, commercial and medical information exclusively to the
                          Products for Chinese market (For Lamisil Tablet, Chinese market refers to Chinese Mainland;
                          For Parlodel Tablet, Chinese market refers to Chinese Mainland and Hong Kong SAR and
                          Taiwan), at a consideration of US$25,000,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB152,972,000).
                          As at 31 December 2020, the carrying amount was approximately RMB113,638,000 (2019:
                          RMB121,755,000).

                     	The expected useful life of the product rights is 20 years.

                     (iii)	On 25 March 2015, the Group entered into a series of agreements related to Combizym and
                           Hirudoid (the “Purchased Products”) with an independent third party, DKSH International AG, in
                           connection with the purchase of (i) all trademarks regarding the Purchased Products; (ii) all market
                           authorisations or similar licenses, certificates or approvals regarding the Purchased Products
                           and all rights, benefits or other interests obtained; (iii) the exclusive right and title to develop,
                           manufacture, register, apply for registration, import, market, distribute, sell or otherwise use and/
                           or exploit the Purchased Products; and (iv) all books and records, commercial information and
                           medical information related to the Purchased Products, with respect to Combizym in China,
                           Hong Kong and Switzerland, and certain other designated countries or areas in Asia, and with
                           respect to Hirudoid in China, at a consideration of Swiss Franc (“CHF”) 76,600,000 (equivalent
                           to approximately RMB486,019,000). As at 31 December 2020, the carrying amount was
                           approximately RMB366,100,000 (2019: RMB391,791,000).

                     	The expected useful life of the product rights is 20 years.




172   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                          (CONTINUED)
                                                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




17. INTANGIBLE ASSETS - continued

   Notes:       - continued

   (c)      Acquisition of product rights - continued



            (iv)	On 30 December 2014, the Group entered into an agreement related to Movicol (the “Product”)
                 with an independent third party, Norgine B.V., in connection with the purchase of the right to
                 import, register, market, distribute, promote and sell the Product in the PRC including Hong
                 Kong and Macau (the “Product Right”), at a consideration of EUR9,000,000 (equivalent to
                 approximately RMB72,100,000), and such consideration has been recognised as deposit paid
                 for acquisition of intangible asset as the Product is still under still under approval by the regulatory
                 body. During the year ended 31 December 2019, the commercialisation of the Product has
                 been approved by relevant regulatory body and therefore, the deposit has been transferred to
                 intangible assets as it is probable that the expected future economic benefits that are attributable
                 to the Product Right will flow to the Group. As at 31 December 2020, the carrying amount was
                 approximately RMB 64,890,000 (2019: RMB68,495,000).

            	The expected useful life of the product rights is 20 years.




18. GOODWILL

                                                                                                             RMB’000
   COST
   At 1 January 2019, 31 December 2019 and
     31 December 2020                                                                                        1,384,535


   IMPAIRMENT LOSS
   At 1 January 2019 and 31 December 2019                                                                             -
   Impairment loss recognised during the year                                                                  170,000

   At 31 December 2020                                                                                         170,000


   CARRYING VALUES
   At 31 December 2020                                                                                       1,214,535

   At 31 December 2019                                                                                       1,384,535




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          173
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2020
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




      18. GOODWILL - continued
            For the purposes of impairment testing, the entire amount of goodwill has been allocated to five (2019: five)
            CGUs, representing five (2019: five) subsidiaries, namely Tianjin Kangzhe, Kangzhe Hunan, Sky United Trading
            Limited (“Sky United”), Xili Pharmaceutical and Tibet Kangzhe Development (2019: Tianjin Kangzhe, Kangzhe
            Hunan, Sky United, Xili Pharmaceutical and Tibet Kangzhe Development). Tianjin Kangzhe is engaged in
            marketing, promotion and sale of drugs. Sky United and Tibet Kangzhe Development are engaged in trading
            of drugs. Kangzhe Hunan and Xili Pharmaceutical are engaged in production of medicines. The carrying
            amounts of goodwill (net of accumulated impairment losses) allocated to these units are as follows:


                                                                                               2020                 2019
                                                                                           RMB’000              RMB’000


            Tianjin Kangzhe                                                                 990,333            1,160,333
            Kangzhe Hunan                                                                     21,295              21,295
            Sky United                                                                         2,963                2,963
            Xili Pharmaceutical                                                             198,090              198,090
            Tibet Kangzhe Development                                                          1,854                1,854

                                                                                          1,214,535            1,384,535


            The recoverable amounts of Tianjin Kangzhe, Kangzhe Hunan, Sky United, Xili Pharmaceutical and Tibet
            Kangzhe Development are determined based on value in use calculations. The key assumptions for the value
            in use calculations are those regarding the discount rates, growth rates and expected changes to selling prices
            and direct costs during the year. Management estimates discount rates using pre-tax rates that reflect current
            market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the CGUs. The growth rates are
            based on industry growth forecasts. Changes in selling prices and direct costs are based on past performance
            and expectations of future changes in the market.

            Tianjin Kangzhe

            At 31 December 2020, the impairment review is determined based on cash flow projections which were
            derived from the financial budgets approved by management covering a five-year period, with a discount rate
            of 12.1% (2019: 12.3%). Tianjin Kangzhe’s cash flows beyond the five-year period are extrapolated using a
            growth rate of 3% (2019: 3%). This growth rate is based on management’s best estimate and past experience
            on the industry.




174   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   (CONTINUED)
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




18. GOODWILL - continued
   Tianjin Kangzhe - continued

   During the year 31 December 2020, there is decline in financial performance of Tianjin Kangzhe for the year and
   expected continuous decline in the forecast period partly due to the negative effects by the novel coronavirus
   and adverse change in the Group’s market shares in selling YiNuoShu. The directors of the Company
   have consequently determined impairment of goodwill amounted to approximately RMB170,000,000. The
   impairment loss has been included in “other income/ other gains or losses” line item. No impairment on other
   assets of Tianjin Kangzhe is considered necessary. The recoverable amount of Tianjin Kangzhe amounted to
   RMB941,879,000 as at 31 December 2020.

   If the discount rate was changed to 13.1%, while other parameters remain constant, the recoverable amount
   of Tianjin Kangzhe would reduce to RMB844,664,000 and a further impairment of goodwill of RMB97,215,000
   would be recognised.

   Kangzhe Hunan

   At 31 December 2020, the impairment review is determined based on cash flow projections which were
   derived from the financial budgets approved by management covering a five-year period, with a discount rate
   of 12.3% (2019: 11.9%). Kangzhe Hunan’s cash flows beyond the five-year period are extrapolated using a
   growth rate of 3% (2019: 3%). This growth rate is based on management’s best estimate and past experience
   on the industry. During the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019, no impairment loss was recognised.

   Xili Pharmaceutical

   At 31 December 2020, the impairment review is determined based on cash flow projections which were derived
   from the financial budgets approved by management covering a five-year period, with a discount rate of 13.4%
   (2019: 13.5%). Xili Pharmaceutical’s cash flows beyond the five-year period are extrapolated using a growth
   rate of 3% (2019: 3%). This growth rate is based on management’s best estimate and past experience on the
   industry. During the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019, no impairment loss was recognised.

   The goodwill of Sky United and Tibet Kangzhe Development was immaterial as at the end of both reporting
   periods. During the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019, no impairment loss was recognised.




                                                                        CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        175
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2020
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




      19. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR
          LOSS/EQUITY INSTRUMENTS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER
          COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

            (a)     Financial assets at FVTPL
                                                                                                 2020                 2019
                                                                                            RMB’000               RMB’000


                    Financial assets measured at FVTPL
                    Unlisted securities (note 38 (j))                                           3,884                 2,736



            (b)     Equity instruments at FVTOCI


                                                                                                 2020                 2019
                                                                                            RMB’000               RMB’000


                    Listed investments:
                    Equity securities listed on
                     London Stock Exchange Plc (the “LSE”) (Note a)                            33,244               34,136
                    Unlisted investments:
                    Equity securities (Note b)                                                382,341              235,568

                    Total                                                                     415,585              269,704


                   The directors of the Company have elected to designate these investments in equity instruments as at
                   FVTOCI as they believe that recognising short-term fluctuations in these investments’ fair value in profit
                   or loss would not be consistent with the Group’s strategy of holding these investments for long-term
                   purposes and realising their performance potential in the long run.

                   Notes:

                   (a)	The listed equity investment represents ordinary shares of two (2019: two) entities listed on
                        LSE. These investments are not held for trading, instead, they are held for long-term strategic
                        purposes. The investments are denominated in British Pound (“GBP”) and the fair values are
                        based on the quoted market price.




176   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                            (CONTINUED)
                                                                      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




19. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR
    LOSS/EQUITY INSTRUMENTS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER
    COMPREHENSIVE INCOME- continued
      Notes:- continued

            During the year ended 31 December 2019, the Group invested in Midatech Pharma Plc
            (“Midatech”) for a consideration of approximately GBP4,000,000 (equivalent to RMB34,705,000)
            (note 38(i)).

            During the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group further invested in Destiny Pharma plc
            (“Destiny”) for a consideration of GBP1,000,000 (equivalent to RMB8,435,000).

            As at 31 December 2020, the fair value of these equity securities amounted to RMB33,244,000
            (2019: RMB34,136,000), a loss on change in fair value of RMB9,327,000 (2019: RMB14,523,000)
            has been recognised in other comprehensive income.

      (b)	The unlisted equity investments represent the Group’s equity interests in the following biotech/
           pharmaceutical companies,

            (1)	Acticor Biotech (“Acticor”), an European company for a consideration of EUR4,000,000
                 (note 38(d)), equivalent to RMB30,607,000 (2019: EUR4,000,000, equivalent to
                 RMB30,607,000);

            (2)    Blueberry Therapeutics Limited (“Blueberry”), a British company for a consideration
                   of GBP5,000,000, equivalent to RMB44,771,000 (note 38(e)) (2019: GBP5,000,000,
                   equivalent to RMB44,771,000);

            (3)	VAXIMM AG (“VAXIMM”), an European company for a consideration of approximately
                 EUR2,950,000, equivalent to RMB23,518,000 (with additional investment of EUR225,000,
                 equivalent to RMB1,865,000 during the year ended 31 December 2020) (2019:
                 EUR2,725,000, equivalent to RMB21,653,000) (note 38(h));

            (4)	Neurelis, Inc. (“Neurelis”), an American company for a consideration of approximately
                US$19,937,000, equivalent to RMB138,537,000 (2019: US$19,937,000, equivalent to
                RMB138,537,000) (note 38(g)).

            (5)	Gelesis Inc., an American company for a consideration of approximately US$20,000,000
                (equivalent to RMB142,632,000) (2019: nil).

            (6)	Qureight Limited, a British company for a consideration of approximately GBP249,000
                (equivalent to RMB2,276,000) (2019: nil).

      The fair values of the above unlisted equity investments were performed by Vigers Appraisal &
      Consulting Limited, a professional independent valuer. During the years ended 31 December 2020 and
      2019, no change in fair value has been recognised in other comprehensive income.




                                                                 CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED       177
                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2020
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




      20. INVENTORIES
                                                                                              2020                2019
                                                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000


            Raw materials                                                                    9,920              11,283
            Work in progress                                                                 9,328              14,580
            Finished goods                                                                 361,967             381,195

                                                                                           381,215             407,058



      21. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES AND PREPAYMENTS
                                                                                              2020                2019
                                                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000


            Trade receivables                                                            1,056,176           1,010,198
            Less: Allowance for credit losses                                                (8,228)             (8,336)

                                                                                         1,047,948           1,001,862
            Bills receivables                                                              445,998             414,017
            Purchase prepayments                                                           137,360              73,039
            Other receivables and deposits                                                  74,300              96,806

                                                                                         1,705,606           1,585,724



            As at 1 January 2019, trade receivables from contracts with customers amounted to RMB1,280,702,000.

            The Group normally allows a credit period ranging from 0 to 90 days to its trade customers, but longer credit
            period up to four months is allowed to some selected customers.




178   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     (CONTINUED)
                                                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




21. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES AND PREPAYMENTS -
    continued
  The following is an analysis of trade receivables by age, net of allowance for credit losses presented based on
  the dates of receipt of goods at the respective reporting dates, which approximate the revenue recognition
  dates and an analysis of bill receivables by age, net of allowance for credit losses, presented based on the bills
  issuance date at the end of the reporting period:


                                                                                        2020                 2019
                                                                                   RMB’000               RMB’000
   Trade receivables
    0 - 90 days                                                                   1,034,677               923,722
    91 - 365 days                                                                     13,271               78,140

                                                                                  1,047,948             1,001,862

   Bill receivables
    0 - 90 days                                                                     276,546               303,460
    91 - 120 days                                                                     45,732               29,524
    121 - 180 days                                                                  123,720                81,033

                                                                                    445,998               414,017


  As at 31 December 2020, total bills receivables amounting to RMB445,998,000 (2019: RMB414,017,000) are
  held by the Group. All bills receivables by the Group are with a maturity period of less than six months.

  As at 31 December 2020, included in the Group’s trade receivables balance are debtors with aggregate
  carrying amount of RMB10,872,000 (2019: RMB93,057,000) which are past due at the reporting date.
  Included in the past due balances, RMB3,604,000 (2019: RMB70,103,000) was aged 90 days or more and is
  not considered as in default. Based on the historical experiences of the Group, trade receivables past due are
  generally recoverable due to the long term relationship and good repayment record.

  The Group does not hold any collateral over these balances.

  Details of impairment assessment of trade and other receivables as at 31 December 2020 and 2019 are set out
  in note 35.




                                                                        CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          179
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2020
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




      22. DEPOSITS PAID FOR ACQUISITION OF INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                                                               2020                2019
                                                                                          RMB’000              RMB’000


            Deposits paid for acquisition of intangible assets                             628,989              325,126



            Note: Included in the deposits paid for acquisition of intangible assets, approximately RMB402,223,000 (2019:
                  RMB303,775,000), RMB106,974,000 (2019: nil), RMB40,824,000 (2019: nil) and RMB27,904,000
                  (2019: nil) , have been paid to Sun Pharmaceutical Industrial Ltd., Gelesis Inc., Medac Gesellschaft Fur
                  Klinische Speziallpraparate M.B.H and Cadila Healthcare Limited, respectively. All these companies are
                  independent third parties not connected with the Group. The deposits were paid for certain exclusive
                  distribution rights of medical products to be approved by relevant regulatory bodies for the sales in
                  specific territories.
            		
                  During the year ended 31 December 2019, the research on an intangible asset, of which the Group paid
                  deposit of RMB963,000 has been suspended. The management considers that such deposit is not
                  probable to be recovered and an impairment loss of RMB963,000 (2020: nil) was recognised in profit or
                  loss for the year ended 31 December 2019. Such research remained suspended during the year ended
                  31 December 2020.


      23. AMOUNT DUE FROM AN ASSOCIATE
            As at 31 December 2020, the balance of approximately RMB30,000,000 (2019: RMB31,816,000) was non-
            trade nature and non-interest bearing, represented deposit to Tibet Pharmaceutical for exclusive distribution
            right.

            As at 31 December 2020, the balance of approximately RMB207,271,000 (2019: RMB152,804,000) was trade
            nature and non-interest bearing, represented promotion income receivables from Tibet Pharmaceutical. The
            Group allows a credit period of 90 days to Tibet Pharmaceutical. The balance as at 31 December 2020 was
            aged within three months (2019: within three months) based on the invoice date.




180   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   (CONTINUED)
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




24. BANK BALANCES AND CASH
   The bank deposits carry interest at the prevailing market rate of approximately 0.30% to 1.95% (2019: 0.35%
   to 2.75%) per annum. Included in bank balances are the following amounts denominated in currencies other
   than functional currency of the relevant group entities:


                                                                                      2020                 2019
                                                                                  RMB’000              RMB’000


   Euro (“EUR”)                                                                       8,459              33,090
   Hong Kong Dollar (“HK$”)                                                          13,613              12,749
   United States Dollar (“US$”)                                                      10,411                2,927
   CHF                                                                                1,557                  717
   GBP                                                                                3,180                1,266



25. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
   An aging analysis of the trade payables presented based on the invoice date at the end of the reporting periods
   is as follows:

                                                                                      2020                 2019
                                                                                  RMB’000              RMB’000
   0 - 90 days                                                                     128,643               37,941
   91 - 365 days                                                                      3,185                4,762
   Over 365 days                                                                      2,980                1,337

   Trade payables                                                                  134,808               44,040
   Payroll and welfare payables                                                    205,357              124,873
   Other tax payables                                                                90,935              67,186
   Accrued promotion expenses                                                        84,233              85,555
   Accrued sales rebates                                                             25,000                     -
   Accruals                                                                          44,872              31,746
   Other payables                                                                    34,079              19,396

                                                                                   619,284              372,796



   The credit period on purchases of goods is ranging from 0 to 120 days.




                                                                        CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        181
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2020
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




      26. LEASE LIABILITIES
                                                                                            2020                 2019
                                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000

            Lease liabilities payable:


            Within one year                                                                 7,266               9,388

            Within a period of more than one year
            but not more than two years                                                     4,888               6,382

            Within a period of more than two years
            but not more than five years                                                      752               4,109


                                                                                           12,906              19,879

            Less: Amount due for settlement with 12 months
              shown under current liabilities                                              (7,266)             (9,388)


            Amount due for settlement after 12 months shown under
              non-current liabilities                                                       5,640              10,491



      27. CONTRACT LIABILITIES

                                                                                            2020                 2019
                                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000


            Receipts in advance from customers - finished goods                            14,406              12,939


            As at 1 January 2019, contract liabilities amounted to RMB5,469,000.

            The following table shows how much of the revenue recognised in the current year relates to carried-forward
            contract liabilities.


                                                                                            2020                 2019
                                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000
            Revenue recognised that was included in the contract
              liabilities balance at the beginning of the year                             12,939               5,469




182   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                         (CONTINUED)
                                                                                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




27. CONTRACT LIABILITIES- continued
   When the Group receives a deposit from customers before the goods are delivered to and received by the
   customers, this will give rise to contract liabilities at the start of a contract, until the revenue recognised on the
   relevant contract exceeds the amount of the deposit.

   The increase in contract liabilities in current year was mainly due to the increase in the minimum balance of the
   receipt in advance from customers.




28. BANK BORROWINGS

                                                                                            2020                  2019
                                                                                       RMB’000               RMB’000


   Bank loans                                                                           587,251               693,909


   Analysed as:


   Secured                                                                                    10                     10
   Unsecured                                                                            587,241               693,899

                                                                                        587,251               693,909




                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           183
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2020
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




      28. BANK BORROWINGS - continued
                                                                                          2020                2019
                                                                                       RMB’000             RMB’000

            The carrying amounts of the above borrowings are repayable*:
             Within one year                                                                 10             693,909
             Within a period of more than one year but not
              exceeding two years                                                       117,448                    -
             Within a period of more than two years but not
              exceeding five years                                                      469,793                    -
                                                                                        587,251             693,909
            Less: Amounts due within one year shown under current
             liabilities                                                                     (10)          (693,909)
            Amounts shown under non-current liabilities                                 587,241                    -


            *	The amounts due are based on scheduled repayment dates set out in the loan agreements.

            The ranges of effective interest rates (which are also equal to contractual interest rate) on the Group’s
            borrowings and their carrying values are as follows:

                                                                                          2020                2019
                                                                                       RMB’000             RMB’000
            Fixed-rate borrowings
             Denominated in RMB (5.23% per annum
               as at 31 December 2020 and 2019)                                              10                  10

            Variable-rate borrowings (Note b)
             Denominated in US$ range from 1.44% to 1.49%
              per annum as at 31 December 2020 (2019: 3.53%) (Note a)                   587,241             693,899
            Total                                                                       587,251             693,909


            Notes:

            (a)	Variable rates range from London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”) plus 1.25% to LIBOR plus 1.3% as
                 at 31 December 2020 (2019: LIBOR plus 1.8%).

            (b)	As at 31 December 2020, the Group uses interest rate swaps to minimise its exposure to interest
                 rate movements on the variable-rate bank borrowings of approximately RMB587,241,000 (2019:
                 RMB693,899,000). The principal amount of the variable-rate bank borrowings will be repayable on 24
                 March 2023 and 27 March 2023 (2019: 23 June 2020). Details of the interest rate swaps are disclosed
                 in note 31.

            As at 31 December 2020, the Group had unutilised banking facilities of approximately RMB1,478,227,000
            (2019: RMB1,718,562,000).


184   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                      (CONTINUED)
                                                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




29. DEFERRED CONSIDERATION PAYABLES
                                                                                       2020                  2019
                                                                                    RMB’000               RMB’000

   Non-current                                                                          1,487                5,099
   Current                                                                              2,929               10,744

                                                                                        4,416               15,843


   During the year ended 31 December 2013, the Group acquired 49% interest in the patent right of XiDaKang
   for a consideration of RMB40,000,000 (see note 17(b) (ii)). In addition to the first payment of RMB30,000,000,
   further consideration is payable annually of RMB1,000,000 for 10 years commencing on 27 December 2014.
   The present value of the discounted consideration determined based on a discount rate of 10% amounting to
   RMB6,145,000 was accounted for by the Group as deferred consideration payable at initial recognition. As at
   31 December 2020, the carrying value amounting to RMB2,487,000 (2019: RMB4,170,000) was included in
   deferred consideration payables.

   During the year ended 31 December 2014, the Group acquired all assets related to Stulln for the Chinese
   Market, part of the consideration is payable annually in the amount of EUR1,000,000 (see note 17(c) (i))
   (equivalent to approximately RMB7,307,000) for five years since 2016. The present value of the discounted
   consideration determined based on a discount rate of 10% amounting to approximately EUR3,614,000
   (equivalent to approximately RMB30,342,000) was accounted for by the Group as deferred consideration
   payable at initial recognition. As at 31 December 2020, the carrying value amounting to nil (2019:
   EUR1,000,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB7,815,000)) was included in deferred consideration payables.

   During the year ended 31 December 2019, the Group acquired both shares and warrants issued by a company
   listed on LSE at a lump sum consideration of approximately GBP4,000,000 (note 38(i)) (equivalent to approximately
   RMB34,705,000). Upon the acquisition, as the fair value of the warrant is not based on a valuation technique
   that uses only data from observable markets, the difference between the aggregate of fair value of both shares
   and warrants at the date of initial recognition and the consideration was recognised and included within deferred
   consideration payables and amortised over the exercise period of the warrants. As at 31 December 2020, the
   carrying value amounting to approximately GBP218,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB1,929,000) (2019:
   GBP435,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB3,858,000)) was included in deferred consideration payables.

   The movement of the deferred difference on initial recognition of financial instruments is shown as follows:

                                                                                                          RMB’000

   At 29 January 2019 (date of initial recognition)                                                           5,787
   Charge to profit or loss                                                                                  (1,929)

   At 31 December 2019                                                                                       3,858

   Charge to profit or loss                                                                                  (1,929)

   At 31 December 2020                                                                                       1,929



                                                                         CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         185
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2020
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




      30. DEFERRED TAX
            The following are the deferred tax assets (liabilities) recognised and movements thereon during the current and
            prior years:

                                                                      Fair value
                                                                     adjustments      Unrealised
                                                                      to assets        profit of   Fair value
                                                     Unrealised        acquired          equity  (gain) loss on
                                                      profits on     in business     instruments cash flow
                                                    inventories     combinations      at FVTOCI     hedges        Others        Total
                                                      RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000


            At 1 January 2019                            19,511           (34,783)       (63,964)       (2,664)      1,201       (80,699)
            (Charge) credit to profit or loss
             for the year (note 10)                         (437)          7,195                -             -            -      6,758
            Credit to other comprehensive income                -               -               -       2,687              -      2,687

            At 31 December 2019                          19,074           (27,588)       (63,964)          23        1,201       (71,254)
            Credit to profit or loss
             for the year (note 10)                         513            5,419                -             -            -      5,932
            Credit to other comprehensive income                -               -               -         948              -        948

            At 31 December 2020                          19,587           (22,169)       (63,964)         971        1,201       (64,374)


            The following is the analysis of the deferred tax assets (liabilities) for financial reporting purposes:

                                                                                                        2020                      2019
                                                                                                     RMB’000                   RMB’000

            Deferred tax assets                                                                         21,759                   20,298
            Deferred tax liabilities                                                                   (86,133)                 (91,552)

                                                                                                       (64,374)                 (71,254)


            At 31 December 2020, the Group had unused tax losses of approximately RMB50,553,000 (2019:
            RMB38,420,000). No deferred tax asset has been recognised in respect of such tax losses due to the
            unpredictability of future profit streams. Included in unrecognised tax losses at 31 December 2020 are tax
            losses of approximately RMB20,001,000 (2019: RMB20,657,000) that will expire within 5 years from the year
            of originating. Other tax losses may be carried forward indefinitely. During the year ended 31 December 2020,
            tax losses of approximately RMB2,051,000 (2019: RMB4,266,000) was expired. During the year ended 31
            December 2020, the Group utilised unrecognised tax loss of nil (2019: RMB292,000).

            As at 31 December 2020, the Group had deductible temporary differences of RMB717,183,000 (2019:
            RMB605,235,000) available for offsetting against future profits. A deferred tax asset has been recognised in respect
            of RMB78,348,000 (2019: RMB76,296,000) of such deductible temporary difference. No deferred tax asset has
            been recognised in respect of the remaining balance of RMB638,835,000 (2019: RMB528,939,000) as it is not
            probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences can be utilised.

186   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   (CONTINUED)
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




30. DEFERRED TAX - continued
   Under the EIT Law, withholding tax is imposed on dividends declared in respect of profits earned by the PRC
   subsidiary, from 1 January 2008 onwards. Deferred taxation has not been provided for in the consolidated
   financial statements in respect of temporary differences attributable to accumulated profits of the PRC
   subsidiaries amounting to RMB5,680,490,000 (2019: RMB4,746,003,000) as the Group is able to control the
   timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that the temporary differences will not
   reverse in the foreseeable future.


31. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
                                                                                    2020                 2019
                                                                                 RMB’000              RMB’000
   Assets:
   Foreign exchange forward contracts                                                  682              27,422
   Warrants                                                                             49                 770

                                                                                       731              28,192

   Analysed as:
   Current assets                                                                       49              28,192
   Non-current assets                                                                  682                   -

                                                                                       731              28,192


   Liabilities:
   Derivative under hedging accounting
    - Cash flow hedges - interest rate swaps                                         (5,888)               (142)

   Analysed as:
   Current liabilities                                                                    -                (142)
   Non-current liabilities                                                           (5,888)                  -

                                                                                     (5,888)               (142)


   Foreign exchange forward contracts

   The Group uses foreign exchange forward contracts to minimise its exposure to exchange rate change on its
   bank borrowings. The foreign exchange forward contracts and the corresponding bank borrowings have the
   same principal amounts and maturity dates. Major terms of the foreign exchange forward contracts as at 31
   December 2020 and 2019 are set out below:




                                                                       CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        187
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2020
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




      31. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
            At 31 December 2020

            Notional amount                            Maturity date                         Exchange rate range agreed

            US$40,000,000                              23 March 2023                         US$1:RMB6.69 to RMB7.40
            US$5,000,000                               23 March 2022                         US$1:RMB6.69 to RMB7.40
            US$5,000,000                               21 September 2022                     US$1:RMB6.69 to RMB7.40

            At 31 December 2019

            Notional amount                            Maturity date                         Exchange rate range agreed

            US$100,000,000 (Note)                      23 June 2020                          US$1:RMB6.7 to RMB7.2

            Note: During the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group recognised a gain of approximately
                  RMB13,634,000 at the maturity of the foreign exchange forward contract.

            During the year ended 31 December 2020, the fair value loss of approximately RMB26,740,000 (2019: fair
            value gain of approximately RMB10,700,000) have been recognised in “other income/ other gains and losses”
            line item (see note 6).

            Warrants

            As set out in note 29, the Group acquired warrants issued by a company listed on LSE on 29 January 2019,
            which are classified as a derivative financial instrument as at 31 December 2020 and 2019.

            The fair value of the derivative financial instrument as at 31 December 2020 was approximately GBP7,000
            (equivalent to approximately RMB49,000) (2019: GBP84,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB770,000))
            which is determined by Vigers Appraisal & Consulting Limited, a professional independent valuer, based on the
            Binomial Model.

            The inputs used for the calculation of fair value of the derivative financial instrument are as follows:


                                                                  29 January            31 December            31 December
                                                                     2019                   2019                   2020
                                                                (date of grant)

            Share price                                            GBP0.041               GBP0.028              GBP0.265*
            Exercise price                                          GBP0.5                 GBP0.5                GBP10*
            Expected volatility                                      81%                     92%                   120%
            Expected option life                                    3 years               2.08 years             1.2 years
            Expected dividend yield                                   0%                      0%                    0%
            Risk-free rate                                          0.83%                   0.53%                   0%



188   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    (CONTINUED)
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




31. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
   * The terms of warrants have been changed during the current year as a result of the share consolidation of
     the company listed on LSE.

   The expected volatility adopted were based on average annualised standard deviations of the continuously
   compounded rates of return of the share price of Midatech as of the valuation date. The fair value calculated
   for the warrants is inherently subjective due to the assumptions made and the limitations of the model utilised.

   The movement of the warrant is shown as follows:


                                                                                                        RMB’000


   On 29 January 2019 (date of grant)                                                                       2,566
   Charge to profit or loss                                                                                (1,796)

   At 31 December 2019                                                                                        770
   Charge to profit or loss                                                                                  (721)

   At 31 December 2020                                                                                         49


   Interest rate swaps

   The Group uses interest rate swaps to minimise its exposure to interest rate movements on its variable-rate
   bank borrowings. The interest rate swaps and the corresponding bank borrowings have the same terms, such
   as principal amounts, interest rate spread, start dates, repayment data, maturity and counterparties, and the
   directors of the Company consider that the interest rate swaps are highly effective hedging instruments. Major
   terms of the interest rate swaps as at 31 December 2020 and 2019 are set out below:

   At 31 December 2020


   Notional amount Carrying amount Contract date                  Maturity date          Receive           Pay
   (Note)

   US$50,000,000        RMB3,452,000       27 March 2020        24 March 2023       LIBOR + 1.30%          1.95%
   US$40,000,000        RMB2,436,000       27 March 2020        27 March 2023       LIBOR + 1.25%          1.89%




                                                                        CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         189
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2020
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




      31. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
            At 31 December 2019


            Notional amount Carrying amount Contract date                  Maturity date          Receive         Pay
            (Note)

            US$72,000,000       RMB4,000            23 June 2017          23 June 2020       LIBOR + 1.8%          3.52%
            US$25,600,000       RMB102,000          10 July 2017          23 June 2020       LIBOR + 1.8%          3.52%
            US$2,400,000        RMB36,000           11 September 2017 23 June 2020           LIBOR + 1.8%          3.54%


            Note:	The notional amount will be expired on 24 March 2023 and 27 March 2023 (2019: 23 June 2020), which
                  are the same as corresponding bank borrowings.

            The fair values of interest rate swaps are measured at the present value of future cash flows estimated and
            discounted based on the applicable yield curves derived from quoted interest rates. All of the above interest
            rate swaps are designated and effective as cash flow hedges. During the year ended 31 December 2020,
            the fair value loss of approximately RMB5,746,000 (2019: RMB16,286,000), income tax of approximately
            RMB948,000 (2019: RMB2,687,000), resulting in a net amount of approximately RMB4,798,000 (2019:
            RMB13,599,000) have been recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity and are
            expected to be released to profit or loss at various dates during the lives of the swaps when the hedged
            interest expense is recognised in profit or loss.

            A fundamental reform of major interest rate benchmarks is being undertaken globally, including the replacement
            of some interbank offered rates with alternative nearly risk-free rates. The Group has several LIBOR bank
            borrowings which will be subject to the interest rate benchmark reform. The Group is closely monitoring the
            transition to new benchmark interest rates.




190   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                 (CONTINUED)
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




32. SHARE CAPITAL

                                                                         Number of
                                                                          shares                Amount
                                                                           ‘000                 RMB’000
   Ordinary shares of US$0.005 each
   Authorised
   At 1 January 2019, 31 December 2019 and
   31 December 2020                                                         20,000,000               765,218

   Issued and fully paid
   At 1 January 2019, 31 December 2019
   and 1 January 2020                                                        2,480,409                84,963

   Shares repurchased and cancelled (Note)                                         (9,648)                (329)

   At 31 December 2020                                                       2,470,761                84,634


   Note: During the year ended 31 December 2020, the Company repurchased its own ordinary shares through
   The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited as follows:


   Date of                        No. of ordinary              Price per share                Aggregated
   repurchase                shares of US$0.005 each       Highest      Lowest           consideration paid


   11 February 2020                   9,648,000           HK$10.30      HK$10.04             HK$98,164,100


   The above ordinary shares were cancelled upon repurchase.

   Save as disclosed above, none of the Company’s subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the
   Company’s listed securities during the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019.




                                                                     CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        191
                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




      33. RESERVES
            Capital reserve

            Capital reserve resulted from transactions between the Group and its shareholders. It mainly represents
            equity shares of Shenzhen Kangzhe granted by Mr. Lam Kong, a director and former shareholder of Shenzhen
            Kangzhe, to certain employees for their services rendered in prior year, rights granted by Mr. Lam Kong to
            certain employees to receive cash at a pre-determined formula for their services rendered in prior year, waiver
            of an advance to the Company by Mr. Lam Kong in 2006, discount on acquisitions of additional interest in
            subsidiaries from Mr. Lam Kong in 2004 and 2005, the difference between the transfer of the entire interest in
            Shenzhen Kangzhe to Sino Talent Limited (“Sino Talent”) pursuant to the group restructuring in 2005 and the
            nominal value of Shenzhen Kangzhe’s share capital, and difference between the par value of shares issued
            by the Company for the entire interest in CMS International Limited (“CMS International”) and Healthlink
            Consultancy Inc. (“Healthlink”) pursuant to the group reorganisation in 2006 and the nominal value of the issued
            share capital of CMS International and Healthlink in preparation for the listing of the Company’s shares. The
            balance was reduced by the capitalisation issue in 2007. The equity shares and rights granted by Mr. Lam
            Kong to certain employees had been terminated on or before 2006.

            On 19 April 2010, the Group acquired an additional interest in Sky United. An amount of approximately
            RMB15,026,000, representing the excess of the fair value of the new ordinary shares issued by the Company
            over the decrease in the carrying value of the non-controlling interest is charged to capital reserve.

            During the year ended 31 December 2010, a deemed distribution to a shareholder was charged to capital
            reserve in respect of expenses incurred for a shareholder during the initial public offering exercise by the
            Company.

            Surplus reserve fund

            Articles of Association of the Group’s subsidiaries established in the PRC require the appropriation of certain
            percentage of their profit after taxation each year to the surplus reserve fund until the balance reaches 50%
            of the registered capital of the relevant subsidiaries. In normal circumstances, the surplus reserve fund shall
            only be used for making up losses, capitalisation into registered capital and expansion of the subsidiaries’
            production and operation. For the capitalisation of surplus reserve fund into registered capital, the remaining
            amount of such reserve shall not be less than 25% of the registered capital.




192   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     (CONTINUED)
                                                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




34. CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT
   The Group manages its capital to ensure that the group entities will be able to continue as a going concern
   while maximising the return to stakeholders through the optimisation of the debt and equity balance. The
   Group’s overall strategy remains unchanged from prior year. The capital structure of the Group consists of cash
   and cash equivalents, bank borrowings and equity attributable to owners of the Company, comprising issued
   share capital and reserves including accumulated profits.

   The directors of the Company review the capital structure on a regular basis. As part of this review,
   the directors consider the cost of capital and the risks associated with each class of capital. Based on
   recommendations of the directors, the Group will balance its overall capital structure through the payment of
   dividends, new share issues and share buy-backs.


35. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
   Categories of financial instruments


                                                                                        2020                 2019
                                                                                    RMB’000              RMB’000
   Financial assets
   Derivative financial instruments
    - foreign exchange forward contracts                                                 682               27,422
    - warrants                                                                             49                 770
   Financial assets at amortised cost                                              4,473,943            3,062,313
   Equity instruments at FVTOCI                                                      415,585              269,704
   Financial asset at FVTPL                                                            3,884                 2,736

   Financial liabilities
   At amortised cost                                                                (965,911)            (898,061)
   Derivative instruments under hedge accounting
    (cash flow hedges-interest rate swaps)                                             (5,888)                (142)


   Financial risk management objectives and policies

   The Group’s major financial instruments include financial asset at FVTPL, equity instruments at FVTOCI, trade
   and other receivables, amount due from an associate, derivative financial instruments, bank balances and
   cash, trade and other payables, lease liabilities, bank borrowings and deferred consideration payables. Details
   of these financial instruments are disclosed in the respective notes. The risks associated with these financial
   instruments include market risk (interest rate risk, foreign currency risk and other price risk), credit risk and
   liquidity risk. The policies on how to mitigate these risks are set out below. The management manages and
   monitors these exposures to ensure appropriate measures are implemented on a timely and effective manner.


                                                                         CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         193
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2020
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




      35. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
            Market risk

            Interest rate risk management

            The Group is exposed to fair value interest rate risk in relation to fixed-rate bank borrowings (see note 28) and
            lease liabilities (see note 26). The Group is also exposed to cash flow interest rate risk in relation to variable-
            rate bank balances (see note 24) and variable-rate bank borrowings (see note 28). The Group’s cash flow
            interest rate risk is mainly concentrated on the fluctuation of interest rates at LIBOR arising from the Group’s
            US$ denominated borrowings. The Group aims at keeping borrowings at fixed rates. In order to achieve this
            result, the Group entered into interest rate swaps to hedge against its exposures to changes in cash flow of the
            borrowings. The critical terms of these interest rate swaps are similar to those of hedged borrowings. These
            interest rates swaps are designated as effective hedging instruments and hedge accounting is used (see note
            31). In addition, the directors of the Company consider that the interest rate risk in relation to bank balances
            is not significant as the fluctuation of the interest rates on bank balances is minimal. Accordingly, no sensitivity
            analysis is presented.

            Interest income of RMB61,031,000 was earned (2019: RMB41,998,000) from financial assets that are
            measured at amortised cost (including cash and cash equivalents) for the year ended 31 December 2020.

            Interest expense of RMB27,520,000 was incurred (2019: RMB56,255,000) on financial liabilities not measured
            at fair value through profit or loss that are measured at amortised cost for the year ended 31 December 2020.

            Foreign currency risk management

            Some subsidiaries of the Company have foreign currency purchases, which expose the Group to foreign
            currency risk. Approximately 44% (2019: 45%) of the Group’s purchases are denominated in currencies
            other than the functional currencies of the group entities making the purchase. All sales of the Group are
            denominated in functional currency of the group entities making the sale. Management conducts periodic
            review of exposure and settlements of various currencies, and will consider hedging significant foreign currency
            exposures should the need arise.

            The carrying amounts of the Group’s foreign currency denominated monetary assets (representing financial
            asset at FVTPL, trade and other receivables and bank balances and cash) and monetary liabilities (representing
            trade and other payables, deferred consideration payables and bank borrowings) at the reporting date are as
            follows:

                                                                     Assets                            Liabilities
                                                                 2020              2019              2020               2019
                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000

            US$                                                  14,295             5,663          590,140            694,757
            EUR                                                   8,459            34,593             6,171            17,827
            GBP                                                   3,180             1,266             1,929             3,858
            HK$                                                  14,806            12,749                  -                 -
            CHF                                                   1,557               717                  -                 -


194   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                      (CONTINUED)
                                                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




35. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
   Financial risk management objectives and policies - continued

   Market risk - continued

   Foreign currency risk management - continued

   The Group is mainly exposed to currency risk of the US$, Eur, GBP, HK$ and CHF. The following table details
   the Group’s sensitivity to a 5% (2019: 5%) increase and decrease in the functional currencies of the relevant
   group entities against the relevant foreign currencies. The sensitivity analysis includes only outstanding foreign
   currency denominated monetary items and adjusts their translation at the end of the reporting period for a
   5% (2019: 5%) change in foreign currency rates. The sensitivity analysis includes financial asset at FVTPL,
   derivative financial instruments, bank balances, trade and other payables, bank borrowings and deferred
   consideration payables of which the foreign currency exposures are not hedged with hedging instruments.
   A positive/negative number below indicates an increase/decrease in post-tax profit for the year where the
   functional currencies of the relevant group entities strengthen 5% (2019: 5%) against the relevant foreign
   currencies. If there is a 5% (2019: 5%) weakening in functional currencies of the relevant group entities against
   the relevant foreign currencies, there would be an equal and opposite impact on the profit for the year:


                                                                                         2020                 2019
                                                                                    RMB’000               RMB’000

   RMB (as functional currency of the
    relevant group entities) against US$                                               21,594               25,841
   RMB (as functional currency of the
    relevant group entities) against EUR                                                   (86)                (629)
   RMB (as functional currency of the
    relevant group entities) against GBP                                                   (47)                  97
   RMB (as functional currency of the
    relevant group entities) against HK$                                                  (555)                (478)
   RMB (as functional currency of the
    relevant group entities) against CHF                                                   (58)                 (27)


   In management’s opinion, the sensitivity analysis is unrepresentative of the inherent foreign exchange risk as the
   year end exposure at the end of the reporting period does not reflect the exposure during both years.

   Other price risk management

   The Group is exposed to equity price risk through its investments in equity securities. The Group’s equity price
   risk is mainly concentrated on equity instruments operating in pharmaceutical industry sector quoted in the
   LSE.

                                                                         CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          195
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2020
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




      35. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
            Financial risk management objectives and policies - continued

            Market risk - continued

            Other price risk management - continued

            Sensitivity analysis

            The following details the Group’s sensitivity to a 10% (2019:10%) increase and decrease in the quoted market
            price of the equity securities. 10% (2019: 10%) is the sensitivity rate used when reporting foreign currency risk
            internally to key management personnel and represents management’s assessment of the reasonably possible
            change in the quoted market price of the equity securities. If there is a 10% (2019:10%) higher/lower in the
            quoted market price of the equity securities, the other comprehensive income would be increased/decreased
            by RMB3,324,000 (2019: RMB3,414,000).

            The management considers that the other price risk in respect of financial asset at FVTPL is minimal due to the
            insignificant balance as at 31 December 2020 and 2019.

            Credit risk and impairment assessment

            Credit risk refers to the risk that the Group’s counterparties default on their contractual obligations resulting in
            financial losses to the Group. The Group’s credit risk exposures are primarily attributable to trade and other
            receivables, bank balances and amount due from an associate. The Group does not hold any collateral or
            other credit enhancements to cover its credit risks associated with its financial assets.

            In order to minimise the credit risk, management of the Group has delegated a team responsible for
            determination of credit limits and credit approvals. Before accepting any new customer, the Group assess
            the potential customer’s credit quality and defines credit limits by customer. Limits attributed to customers
            are reviewed once a year. Other monitoring procedures are in place to ensure that follow-up action is taken
            to recover overdue debts. In this regard, the directors of the Company consider that the Group’s credit risk
            is significantly reduced. In addition, the Group performs impairment assessment under ECL model on trade
            balances individually or based on provision matrix based on share credit risk characteristics by reference to
            repayment history for recurring customers and current past due exposure for the new customers.

            Except for the derivative financial instruments, financial asset at FVTPL and equity instruments at FVTOCI, the
            Group performed impairment assessment for financial assets and other items under ECL model.

            Trade receivables arising from contracts with customers

            Before accepting any new customer, the Group uses an internal credit scoring system to assess the potential
            customer’s credit quality and defines credit limits by customer. Limits and scoring attributed to customers
            are reviewed every year. Other monitoring procedures are in place to ensure that follow-up action is taken to
            recover overdue debts. The Group only accepts bills issued or guaranteed by reputable PRC banks, if trade
            receivables are settled by bills and therefore the management of the Group considers the credit risk arising from
            the endorsed or discounted bills is insignificant.


196   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    (CONTINUED)
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




35. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
   Financial risk management objectives and policies - continued

   Credit risk and impairment assessment - continued

   Trade receivables arising from contracts with customers - continued

   The Group’s concentration of credit risk by geographical locations is mainly in the PRC, which accounted for
   100% (2019: 100%) of the total trade receivables as at 31 December 2020. In order to minimise the credit risk,
   the management of the Group has delegated a team responsible for determination of credit limits and credit
   approvals.

   In addition, the Group performs impairment assessment under ECL model on trade balances individually
   or based on provision matrix. Except for credit-impaired trade receivables, the remaining trade receivables
   are grouped under a provision matrix based on shared credit risk characteristics by reference to repayment
   histories for recurring customers and current past due exposure for new customers and forward looking
   information. No impairment is recognised for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019. Details of the
   quantitative disclosures are set out below in this note.

   Bank balances

   Credit risk on bank balances is limited because the counterparties are reputable banks with high credit ratings
   assigned by international credit agencies. The Group assessed 12m ECL for bank balances by reference
   to information relating to probability of default and loss given default of the respective credit rating grades
   published by external credit rating agencies. Based on this, the 12m ECL on bank balances is considered to
   be insignificant.

   Amount due from an associate

   The Group regularly monitors the business performance of the associate. The Group’s credit risk in this
   balance is mitigated through the value of the assets held by this entity and the power to participate in the
   financial and operating policy decision of this entity. The Group assessed the loss allowance for trade related
   balance with the associate on lifetime ECL basis and non-trade related balance with the associate on 12m ECL
   basis. The Group performs impairment assessment under ECL model on this trade balance individually and the
   directors of the Company believe that there are no significant increases in credit risk at the reporting date of
   these amounts and the trade receivables due from the associate have been subsequently settled. For the years
   ended 31 December 2020 and 2019, the Group assessed the ECL for amount due from an associate to be
   insignificant and thus no loss allowance was recognised.




                                                                         CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        197
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2020
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




      35. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
            Financial risk management objectives and policies - continued

            Credit risk and impairment assessment - continued

            Other receivables and deposits

            For other receivables and deposits, the directors of the Company make periodic individual assessment on the
            recoverability of other receivables and deposits based on historical settlement records, past experience, and
            also quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable and forward-looking information
            available without undue costs or effort. The directors of the Company believe that there are no significant
            increase in credit risk at the reporting date of these amounts and most of the other receivables have been
            subsequently settled. For the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019, the Group assessed the ECL for
            other receivables and deposits to be insignificant and thus no loss allowance for credit losses was recognised.

            The Group’s internal credit risk scoring assessment comprises the following categories:


            Internal                                                                                                      Other
            credit rating   Description                                                           Trade receivables       financial assets


            Normal risk     The counterparty has either a low risk of default and does not  Lifetime ECL -                12m ECL
                            have any past-due amounts or frequently settles after due dates not credit-impaired
                            but usually settle in full


            Doubtful        There have been significant increases in credit risk since            Lifetime ECL -          Lifetime ECL -
                            initial recognition through information developed internally or       not credit-impaired     not credit-impaired
                            external resources


            Loss            There is evidence indicating the asset is credit-impaired             Lifetime ECL -          Lifetime ECL -
                                                                                                  credit-impaired         credit-impaired


            Write-off       There is evidence indicating that the debtor is in severe financial   Amount is written off   Amount is written off
                            difficulty and the Group has no realistic prospect
                            of recovery




198   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                    (CONTINUED)
                                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




35. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
   Financial risk management objectives and policies - continued

   Credit risk and impairment assessment - continued

   The tables below detail the credit risk exposures of the Group’s financial assets, which are subject
   to ECL assessment:

                                                   Internal
                                                    credit           12m or                   2020                 2019
                                             Notes rating        lifetime ECL        Gross carrying amount Gross carrying amount
                                                                                      RMB’000 RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000


   Financial assets at amortised cost

   Trade receivables                                             Lifetime ECL -
                                              21    Note 1      Provision matrix     1,051,099               1,005,013
                                                     Loss       Credit-impaired          5,077   1,056,176       5,185   1,010,198



   Bills receivables (Note 2)                 21    Low risk       12m ECL            445,998                 414,017



   Amount due from an

    associate (Notes 2 and 3)                 23    Low risk       12m ECL            30,000                  31,816



                                                                 Lifetime ECL -
                                                               Not credit-impaired    207,271     237,271     152,804     184,620


   Bank balances (Note 2)                     24    Low risk       12m ECL           2,668,426               1,365,008



   Other receivables and deposits (Note 2)    21    Low risk       12m ECL              74,300                 96,806


   Notes:

   (1)      For trade receivables, the Group has applied the simplified approach in IFRS 9 to measure the loss
            allowance at lifetime ECL. Except for credit-impaired balances, the Group determines the expected
            credit losses on these items by using a provision matrix, grouped by internal credit rating.

            Provision matrix - internal credit rating

            As part of the Group’s credit risk management, the Group applies internal credit rating for its customers.
            The following table provides information about the exposure to credit risk for trade receivables which
            are assessed based on provision matrix as at 31 December 2020 and 2019 within lifetime ECL (not
            credit-impaired). Debtors with credit-impaired with gross carrying amount of RMB5,077,000 as at 31
            December 2020 (2019: RMB5,185,000) were assessed individually.



                                                                                      CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          199
                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2020
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




      35. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
            Financial risk management objectives and policies - continued

            Credit risk and impairment assessment - continued

            Notes: - continued

            (1)    Provision matrix - internal credit rating - continued

                   Gross carrying amount


                                                                               2020                              2019

                                                                        Average            Trade     Average           Trade
                    Internal credit rating                             loss rate     receivables     loss rate      receivables
                                                                                       RMB’000                       RMB’000

                    Normal risk                                             0.2%      1,030,013             0.1%        921,145
                    Doubtful                                                2.8%        21,086              2.5%         83,868

                                                                                      1,051,099                      1,005,013


                   The estimated loss rates are estimated based on historical observed default rates over the expected life
                   of the debtors and are adjusted for forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or
                   effort. The grouping is regularly reviewed by management to ensure relevant information about specific
                   debtors is updated. Due to greater financial uncertainty triggered by the Covid-19 pandemic, the
                   Group has increased the expected loss rates in the current year as there is higher risk that a prolonged
                   pandemic could led to increased credit default rates.

                   During the year ended 31 December 2020, RMB108,000 (2019: RMB531,000) of impairment allowance
                   was written-off on credit-impaired debtors.

                   The following table shows the movement in lifetime ECL that has been recognised for trade receivables
                   under the simplified approach.


                                                                  Lifetime ECL          Lifetime ECL
                                                                    (not credit-              (credit-
                                                                      impaired)             impaired)                      Total
                                                                      RMB’000                RMB’000                    RMB’000

                    As at 1 January 2019                                    4,112                  5,716                  9,828
                    Write-offs                                               (961)                  (531)                 (1,492)
                    As at 31 December 2019                                  3,151                  5,185                  8,336
                    Write-offs                                                  -                   (108)                  (108)
                    As at 31 December 2020                                  3,151                  5,077                  8,228


200   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                      (CONTINUED)
                                                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




35. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
   Financial risk management objectives and policies - continued

   Credit risk and impairment assessment - continued

   Notes: - continued

   (1)    Provision matrix - internal credit rating - continued

          The Group writes off a trade receivable when there is information indicating that the debtor is in severe
          financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, e.g. when the debtor has been placed
          under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings, or when the trade receivables are over
          three years past due, whichever occurs earlier. The Group has taken legal action against the debtors to
          recover the amount due.

   (2)    The Group assessed the loss allowance for bills receivables, other receivables, bank balances and
          amount due from an associate in relation to deposit for exclusive distribution right on 12m ECL basis.
          In determining the ECL of the bank balances, the Group has taken into account the counterparties
          are reputable banks with high credit ratings assigned by international credit agencies and forward
          looking information as appropriate. The Group assessed 12m ECL for bank balances by reference
          to information relating to probability of default and loss given default of the respective credit rating
          grades published by external credit rating agencies and the management considers that the expected
          credit loss on the bank balances is immaterial. In determining the ECL other than the bank balances,
          the Group has taken into account the historical default experience and forward looking information as
          appropriate, including changes in growth rate of gross domestic product of the PRC. There had been
          no significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. The Group has considered the consistently
          low historical default rate in connection with payments and concluded that the expected credit loss on
          these balances is immaterial.

   (3)	The Group assessed the loss allowance for amount due from an associate with trade nature on lifetime
        ECL basis. In determining the ECL, the Group has taken into account the value of the assets held by
        this entity and the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decision of this entity. There
        had been no significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. No additional impairment loss
        on trade receivables has been provided during the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019 and the
        entire balance has been subsequently settled.




                                                                         CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          201
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2020
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




      35. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
            Financial risk management objectives and policies - continued

            Liquidity risk

            In the management of the liquidity risk, the Group monitors and maintains a level of cash and cash equivalents
            deemed adequate by the management to finance the Group’s operations and mitigate the effects of fluctuations
            in cash flows. The management of the Group monitors the utilisation of bank borrowings and ensures
            compliance with loan covenants.

            The Group relies on bank borrowings as a significant source of liquidity. As at 31 December 2020, the Group
            has available unutilised banking facilities of approximately RMB1,478,227,000 (2019: RMB1,718,562,000)
            respectively. Details of which are set out in note 28.

            The following table details the Group’s remaining contractual maturity for its financial liabilities and derivative
            instruments. The table has been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities based
            on the earliest date on which the Group can be required to pay. The maturity dates for non-derivative financial
            liabilities are based on the agreed repayment dates.

            The table includes both interest and principal cash flows. To the extent that interest flows are floating rate, the
            undiscounted amount is derived from current interest rate at the end of the reporting period.

            In addition, the following table details the Group’s liquidity analysis for its derivative financial instruments, The
            tables have been drawn up based on the undiscounted contractual net cash (inflows) and outflows on derivative
            instruments that settle on a net basis. The liquidity analysis for the Group’s derivative financial instruments
            are prepared based on the contractual settlement dates as the management of the Group considers that the
            settlement dates are essential for an understanding of the timing of the cash flows of derivatives.

                                                        Weighted    Repayable on                         Total        Carrying
                                                        average      demand or                       undiscounted    amount at
                                                         interest     less than         1 to 5           cash       31 December
                                                           rate        1 year           years           flows          2020
                                                            %         RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000
            As at 31 December 2020
            Non-derivative financial liabilities
            Trade and other payables                        -            374,244                 -        374,244        374,244
            Deferred consideration payables               5.43             2,929           2,000            4,929          4,416
            Fixed rate bank borrowings                    5.23                10                 -             10            10
            Variable-rate bank borrowings                 1.92                     -     655,084          655,084        587,241
            Lease liabilities                             4.75             9,272           6,536           15,808         12,906
                                                                         386,455         663,620        1,050,075        978,817
            Derivative financial liabilities
            Interest rate swap                                             2,790           3,487            6,277          5,888




202   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                               (CONTINUED)
                                                                                   FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




35. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
   Financial risk management objectives and policies - continued

   Liquidity risk - continued

                                              Weighted      Repayable on                         Total           Carrying
                                               average       demand or                        undiscounted       amount at
                                               interest       less than          1 to 5          cash          31 December
                                                rate           1 year            years           flows            2019
                                                 %            RMB’000           RMB’000        RMB’000           RMB’000
   As at 31 December 2019
   Non-derivative financial liabilities
   Trade and other payables                       -              188,309                  -        188,309          188,309
   Deferred consideration payables              5.43              10,744             5,570          16,314           15,843
   Fixed rate bank borrowings                   5.23                      10              -               10                10
   Variable-rate bank borrowings                3.54             706,164                  -        706,164          693,899
   Lease liabilities                            4.75              10,332            11,215          21,547           19,879

                                                                 915,559            16,785         932,344          917,940

   Derivative financial liabilities
   Interest rate swap                                                   142               -              142             142


   Fair value measurements of financial instruments

   (i)     Fair value of the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis

   	Some of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities are measured at fair value at the end of each
     reporting period. The following table gives information about how the fair values of these financial assets
     and financial liabilities are determined (in particular, the valuation technique(s) and inputs used) as well as
     the level of the fair value hierarchy into which the fair value measurements are categorised (Levels 1 to 3)
     based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements is observable.

   	Level 1 fair value measurements are those derived from quoted prices (unadjusted) in active market for
     identical assets or liabilities at measurement date;

   	Level 2 fair value measurements are those derived from inputs other than quoted prices included within
     Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived
     from prices); and

   	Level 3 fair value measurements are those derived from valuation techniques that include inputs for the
     asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).




                                                                               CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED             203
                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2020
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




      35. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
            Fair value measurements of financial instruments - continued

            (i)    Fair value of the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis -
                   continued

                                                                                                                                    Significant
                                                                                        Fair value    Valuation technique(s)       unobservable
                    Financial assets                        Fair value as at            hierarchy       and key input(s)              inputs
                                                  31/12/2020             31/12/2019

                    1)   Interest rate swaps    Liabilities -         Liabilities -      Level 2     Discounted cash flow.              Nil
                         classified as          RMB5,888,000          RMB142,000                     Future cash flows are
                         derivative financial                                                        estimated based on
                         instruments                                                                 forward interest rates
                                                                                                     (from observable yield
                                                                                                     curves at the end of the
                                                                                                     reporting period) and
                                                                                                     contracted interest rates,
                                                                                                     discounted at a rate that
                                                                                                     reflects the credit risk of
                                                                                                     various counterparties.



                    2)	Foreign exchange         Assets -              Assets -           Level 2     Discounted cash flow.              Nil
                       forward contracts        RMB682,000            RMB27,422,000                  Future cash flows are
                       classified as                                                                 estimated based on
                       derivative financial                                                          forward exchange
                       instruments                                                                   rate and contracted
                                                                                                     exchange rate,
                                                                                                     discounted at a rate that
                                                                                                     reflects the credit risk of
                                                                                                     various counterparties.



                    3)	Equity instruments       Listed equity         Listed equity      Level 1     Quoted bid prices in an            Nil
                       at FVTOCI - Listed       securities on         securities on                  active market.
                                                the LSE -             the LSE -
                                                RMB33,244,000         RMB34,136,000

                    4)	Financial asset at       Assets                Assets -           Level 1     Quoted prices provided             Nil
                       FVTPL                    RMB3,884,000          RMB2,736,000                   by financial institutions.


                    5)	Equity instruments       Unlisted equity       Unlisted equity    Level 3     Black-Scholes                 Estimation
                       at FVTOCI -              investments           investments:                   approach.                     of expected
                       Unlisted                 RMB382,341,000        RMB235,568,000                 Black-Scholes Option          volatility,
                                                                                                     Pricing Model are             determined by
                                                                                                     based on risk-free rate,      reference to
                                                                                                     expected volatility,          the expected
                                                                                                     expected dividend yield       volatility of
                                                                                                     and liquidation timing.       comparable
                                                                                                                                   companies.

                    6)	Warrant classified       Assets –              Assets -           Level 3     Binomial Model -              Estimation
                       as derivative            RMB49,000             RMB770,000                     Binomial Pricing              of expected
                       financial                                                                     Model. Valuation of           volatility
                       instruments -                                                                 the derivative financial      determined by
                       FVTPL                                                                         instruments is based          reference to
                                                                                                     on share price, exercise      the expected
                                                                                                     price, risk-free rate,        volatility of
                                                                                                     expected option life,         Midatech
                                                                                                     expected dividend yield
                                                                                                     and expected volatility.




204   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                         (CONTINUED)
                                                                                    FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




35. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
   Fair value measurements of financial instruments - continued

   (i)         Fair value of the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis -
               continued

              Sensitivity analysis

               If the expected volatility of the comparable companies had been 5% higher/lower while all other variables
               were held constant, the Group’s fair value of equity instruments as at 31 December 2020 would have
               increased/decreased by approximately RMB351,000 (2019: RMB272,000).

               If the expected volatility of Midatech had been 5% higher/lower while all other variables were held
               constant, the Group’s post-tax profit for the year ended 31 December 2020 would have increased/
               decreased by approximately RMB30,000 (2019: RMB240,000).

   (ii)        Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements


                                                                                          Derivative
                                                                       Equity               financial
                                                               instruments at          instrument -
                                                                     FVTOCI                  warrant            Total
                                                                    RMB’000               RMB’000            RMB’000


   As at 1 January 2019                                             230,953                        -          230,953
   Purchases                                                           4,615                 2,566               7,181
   Total losses
         - in profit or loss                                                -               (1,796)             (1,796)

   As at 31 December 2019                                           235,568                    770            236,338
   Purchases                                                        146,773                        -          146,773
   Total losses
         - in profit or loss                                                -                  (721)              (721)

   As at 31 December 2020                                           382,341                      49           382,390


   (iii)       Fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities that are not measured at fair value on a
               recurring basis (but fair value disclosures are required)

   	The directors of the Company consider that the carrying amounts of financial assets and financial
     liabilities recorded at amortised cost in the consolidated financial statements approximate their fair
     values.

               There is no transfer among Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 during both years.




                                                                                CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED      205
                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2020
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




      36. RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING
          ACTIVITIES

            The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities arising from financing activities, including both cash
            and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flows were, or
            future cash flows will be, classified in the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows used in
            financing activities.

                                                                     Deferred
                                                           Bank    consideration     Dividend
                                                        borrowings   payables        payables     Lease liabilities    Total
                                                         RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                         (note 28)   (note 29)       (note 12)       (note 26)


            At 1 January 2019                            1,465,195       18,773              -              9,499 1,493,467
            Financing cash flows                          (855,457)       (7,834)     (822,752)             (9,094) (1,695,137)
            Release on deferred difference on initial
              recognition of financial instruments               -        (1,929)            -                    -     (1,929)
            Dividends declared                                   -              -     822,752                     -    822,752
            Finance costs                                  53,862         1,079              -              1,314       56,255
            Net foreign exchange loss                      30,309            (33)            -                    -     30,276
            Commencement of new leases                           -              -            -             18,160       18,160
            Non-cash transaction                                 -        5,787              -                    -      5,787

            At 31 December 2019                           693,909        15,843              -             19,879      729,631
            Financing cash flows                           (92,454)       (9,810)     (834,129)           (11,200)    (947,593)
            Release on deferred difference on initial

              recognition of financial instruments               -        (1,929)            -                    -     (1,929)
            Dividends declared                                   -              -     834,129                     -    834,129
            Finance costs                                  26,109           317              -              1,094       27,520
            Net foreign exchange gain                      (40,313)            (5)           -                    -    (40,318)
            Commencement of new leases                           -              -            -              3,133        3,133

            At 31 December 2020                           587,251         4,416              -             12,906      604,573




206   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   (CONTINUED)
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




37. CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
                                                                                      2020                2019
                                                                                 RMB’000              RMB’000
   Capital expenditure in respect of the acquisition of
    financial asset at FVTPL, property, plant and
    equipment and intangible assets contracted for but
    not provided in the consolidated financial statements                           17,399              21,034



38. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
   Balances and transactions between the Company and its subsidiaries, which are related financial parties of the
   Company, have been eliminated on consolidation and are not disclosed in this note. Details of transactions
   between the Group and other related parties are disclosed below, in addition to the transactions and balances
   disclosed elsewhere in the consolidated financial statements.

   (a)	The Group entered into the following transactions with related parties during the year:

   Name of
   related company              Relationship      Nature of transactions               2020               2019
                                                                                  RMB’000             RMB’000


   Tibet Pharmaceutical         Associate         Promotion income                  609,021            527,985
   Tibet Pharmaceutical         Associate         Service fee                         1,698               1,132



   (b)	Pursuant to a transfer agreement dated 16 February 2004 (as supplemented by a supplemental
       agreement dated 2 November 2004) and a further agreement dated 16 December 2007 between
       Shenzhen Kangzhe and Kangzhe Pharmaceutical Research and Development (Shenzhen) Limited
       (“Kangzhe R&D”)”, the Group acquired the production, marketing and sales rights and the related
       patents of CMS024 from Kangzhe R&D, of which 83.23% equity interest is indirectly held by a
       controlling shareholder as at 31 December 2020 and the date of this report. Pursuant to the terms of
       the agreement, as consideration for the transfer of CMS024, Shenzhen Kangzhe paid US$3.1 million
       to Kangzhe R&D as compensation for the actual research and development costs incurred by Kangzhe
       R&D, and further agreed to pay a royalty fee of 13% of the quarterly sales revenue generated by the
       Group after CMS024 is successfully launched. The Group has appointed Kangzhe R&D to carry out
       further research and development related to CMS024, and Kangzhe R&D has undertaken to complete
       all the clinical trials and prepare the documents necessary for and assist the Group in the application
       for a new-drug permit for CMS024. The Group has not paid any fee to Kangzhe R&D during the years
       ended 31 December 2020 and 2019.



                                                                       CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        207
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2020
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




      38. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS - continued
            (c)	On 8 May 2015, A&B (HK) Company Limited (“A&B”), a company wholly-owned by a controlling
                shareholder of the Company, entered into agreements with Faron Pharmaceuticals, Ltd (“Faron”), to
                acquire 15.72% of the shareholding of Faron, assets related to Traumakine in China (including Hong
                Kong SAR, Macau SAR and Taiwan) (the “Territory”), intellectual properties related to Traumakine from
                the Territory and the right to exchange Traumakine information with Faron.

            	On 19 May 2015, the Group entered into agreements with A&B and/or Faron respectively, to acquire
              the assets related to Traumakine in the Territory. The consideration for above transfer will be further
              negotiated and agreed between A&B and the Group at a later stage prior to the launch of Traumakine
              in the Territory, the amount would be calculated with reference to the net sales of Traumakine in the
              Territory.

            	The acquisition was not yet completed up to the date of this report and the Group has not paid any
              consideration to A&B in respect of this acquisition during the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019.

            (d)	On 31 July 2018, each of the Group and A&B invested in Acticor for the consideration of approximately
                EUR4,000,000 (note19(b)(b)(1)) (equivalent to RMB30,607,000), respectively.

            	On the same date, the Group entered into an asset transfer and license agreement with Acticor.
              According to the terms of such agreement, the Group acquired all assets (the “Assets of ACT017”)
              related to Acticor’s product ACT017 and any follow-up products developed on the basis of the same
              compound of ACT017 (the “Product of ACT017”) in China (including Hong Kong SAR, Macau SAR
              and Taiwan), Singapore, Philippines, Republic of Korea, Malaysia and other designated Asian countries
              (excluding Japan, India and Western Asia countries) (the “Asia Pacific Territory”) in consideration of an
              upfront payment of EUR50,000 (equivalent to RMB384,000) which has been paid as at 31 December
              2018. Such amount has been included in deposits paid for acquisition of intangible assets (see note
              22) as at 31 December 2020 and 2019. The Assets of ACT017 include without limitation all the know-
              how, intellectual property or the right of application for the intellectual property, necessary regulatory
              approvals, documents, dossiers, data or information exclusive for Asia Pacific Territory and other rights
              as necessarily required to develop, register, manufacture and commercialise the Product of ACT017
              in the Asia Pacific Territory. In addition, the Group also acquired all the necessary licenses related to
              the transaction under this agreement in consideration of (1) a royalty at a fixed rate on the basis of the
              net sales of Product of ACT017 generated in Asia Pacific Territory and (2) lump sum payments with
              varied fixed amount, each payable upon the first achievement of respective net sales stipulated in the
              agreement.

            	As Product of ACT017 has not yet been commercialised, the Group has not paid any consideration for
              Product of ACT017 during years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019.




208   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     (CONTINUED)
                                                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




38. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS - continued
   (e)	On 14 August 2018, each of the Group and A&B invested in Blueberry for the consideration of
       GBP5,000,000 (note 19(b)(b)(2)) (equivalent to RMB44,771,000), respectively.

   	On the same date, the Group entered into an asset transfer and license agreement with Blueberry.
     According to the terms of such agreement, the Group has acquired all related assets of Blueberry’s
     leading product BB2603 (for the treatment of onychomycosis and tinea pedis) in China (including
     Hong Kong SAR Macau SAR and Taiwan), Republic of Korea, Democratic People’s Republic of
     Korea and Mongolia (the “Asia Territory”) and the Group further acquired access to all related assets
     of other pipeline products being or to be developed subsequently by Blueberry utilizing its unique
     nanoformulation delivery system in dermatology and other fields (such as products used for treating
     atopic dermatitis and acne, etc., together with the product BB2603 as the “Product of BB2603”) in the
     Asia Territory in consideration of (1) an upfront payment of USD600,000 (equivalent to RMB4,090,000),
     (2) fixed lump sum payments upon the achievement of the pre-determined milestones stipulated in
     the agreement and (3) a royalty at a fixed rate on the basis of the net sales of Product of BB2603 in
     Asia Territory. The aforementioned assets include, among others, all the national patents covering the
     development, commercialization and formulation of the Product of BB2603, national trademarks and
     necessary regulatory approvals in or for the Asia Territory.

          As the milestone as well as the commercialisation of Product of BB2603 has not yet been achieved as at
          31 December 2020 and 2019, the Group has only paid the upfront payment of USD600,000 (equivalent
          to RMB4,090,000) as the consideration for Product of BB2603 during year ended 31 December 2018.
          Such amount has been included in deposits paid for acquisition of intangible assets (see note 22) as at
          31 December 2020 and 2019.

   (f)	On 20 August 2018, the Group entered into a framework asset transfer agreement with A&B relating to
        the portable neurostimulation devices developed by or for Helius Medical Technologies group (“Helius”)
        (the “Product of PoNS”). According to the terms of such agreement, the Group has agreed to acquire
        from A&B all assets related to the Product of PoNS (the “Assets of PoNS”) in the Territory (the “Transaction
        of PoNS”). The Assets were originally purchased by A&B from Helius, in which A&B has equity interest.
        Both the Group and A&B have not agreed on the definitive terms and conditions of the Transaction,
        including the consideration for the transfer of the Assets of PoNS under the agreement. The Group
        and A&B will further negotiate and agree on the terms of the Transaction at a later stage prior to the
        launch of the Product of PoNS in the Territory. As at 31 December 2020, the Group and A&B has not
        yet negotiated and agreed on the terms of the Transaction of PoNS and the Group has not paid any
        consideration to A&B in respect of the Transaction of PoNS during the years ended 31 December 2020
        and 2019.

   (g)    During the year ended 31 December 2018, the Group and A&B invested in Neurelis for the consideration
          of approximately US$19,531,000 (equivalent to RMB135,664,000) and US$15,000,000 (equivalent to
          RMB104,342,000), respectively.

          During the year ended 31 December 2019, each of the Group and A&B further invested in Neurelis for
          the consideration of approximately US$406,000 (equivalent to RMB2,873,000) (note 19(b)(b)(4)).




                                                                         CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         209
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2020
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




      38. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS - continued
            (g)    – continued

            	On 20 August 2018, the Group entered into a framework asset transfer agreement with A&B relating to
              the pharmaceutical preparation, formulation, dosage form, or delivery vehicle, containing or comprising
              NRL-1 etc. and/or line extensions developed by or for Neurelis, Inc. (“Neurelis”) (collectively, the “Product
              of NRL-1”). According to terms of such agreement, the Group has agreed to acquire from A&B all
              assets related to the Product of NRL-1 (the “Assets of NRL-1”) in the Territory (the “Transaction of NRL-
              1”). A&B obtained the Assets of NRL-1 from its related entity which in turn obtained the Assets of NRL-
              1 from Neurelis. Both the Group and A&B have not agreed on the definitive terms and conditions of the
              Transaction, including the consideration for the transfer of the Assets of NRL-1 under the agreement.
              The Group and A&B will further negotiate and agree on the terms of the Transaction of NRL-1 at a later
              stage prior to the launch of the Product of NRL-1 in the Territory. As at 31 December 2020, the Group
              and A&B have not yet negotiated and agreed on the terms of the Transaction of NRL-1 and the Group
              has not paid any consideration to A&B in respect of the Transaction of NRL-1 during the years ended 31
              December 2020 and 2019.

            (h) 	On 19 September 2018, each of the Group and A&B invested in VAXIMM for the consideration of
                 approximately EUR2,500,000 (equivalent to RMB19,911,000), respectively.

                   On the same date, the Group entered into license and collaboration agreement with VAXIMM. According
                   to the terms of such agreement, the Group gained exclusive, perpetual, transferable, sub-licensable
                   rights to develop and commercialize the current pharmaceutical products portfolio and line extension
                   of or under the control of VAXIMM (the current leading product is VXM01) as well as designated
                   pharmaceutical products and line extension that will be solely owned and under the control of VAXIMM
                   (the “Product of VXM01”) in Asia Pacific Territory in consideration of (1) fixed lump sum payments upon
                   the achievement of the pre-determined milestones stipulated in the agreement, (2) lump sum payments
                   with varied fixed amount, each payable upon the first achievement of respective net sales stipulated in
                   the agreement and (3) a royalty at a fixed rate on the basis of the net sales of Product of VXM01 in Asia
                   Pacific Territory.

                   On 2 and 3 December 2019, each of the Group and A&B further invested in VAXIMM for the
                   consideration of approximately EUR225,000 (equivalent to RMB1,742,000), respectively.

                   During the year ended 31 December 2020, each of the Group and A&B further invested in VAXIMM for
                   the consideration of approximately EUR225,000 (equivalent to RMB1,865,000) (note 19(b)(b)(3)).

                   As Product of VXM01 has not yet been commercialised, the Group has not paid any consideration in
                   relation to Product of VXM01 during years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019.




210   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                         (CONTINUED)
                                                                                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




38. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS - continued
   (i)   On 29 January 2019, each of the Group and A&B invested in Midatech Pharma PLC (“Midatech”) for the
         consideration of approximately GBP4,000,000 (notes 19(b)(a) and 29) (equivalent to RMB34,705,000), respectively.

         On the same date, the Group entered into a license, collaboration and distribution agreement with
         Midatech. According to the terms of such agreement, the Group will gain exclusive, perpetual,
         transferable, sub-licensable rights to develop and commercialise Midatech’s current products mainly
         including MTD201, MTX110 (subject to receipt of consent from Secura Bio) and any new pharmaceutical
         products or line extension the intellectual property rights and other rights of which Midatech controls
         and which Midatech or its affiliates have given a codename within three years from 29 January 2019 (the
         “Products”) in China (including Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, Macao Special Administrative
         Region and Taiwan) and certain Southeast Asian countries selected by the Group (including Singapore,
         Philippines, Malaysia and other countries, subject to confirmation by the Group once a regulatory
         approval is granted by the US Food and Drug Administration, the European Medicines Agency or by one
         of the regulatory authorities in one of the UK, France, Germany or Switzerland).

         As Products have not yet been commercialised, the Group has not paid any consideration in relation to
         Products during year ended 31 December 2020 and 2019.

   (j)   During the year ended 31 December 2019, the Group and A&B invested in a capital fund for a
         consideration of approximately US$388,000 (equivalent to RMB2,736,000) (note 19(a)), respectively.

         During the year ended 31 December 2020, each of the Group and A&B further invested in the capital
         fund for the consideration of approximately US$250,000 (equivalent to RMB1,715,000) (note 19(a)).

   (k)   During the year ended 31 December 2017, each of the Group and A&B invested in Destiny Pharma Plc.
         (“Destiny”) for the consideration of approximately GBP3,000,000 (equivalent to RMB26,291,000), respectively.

         During the year ended 31 December 2017, the Group entered into an agreement with Destiny.
         According to the terms of such agreement, the Group will gain exclusive sub-licensable rights to develop
         and commercialise Destiny’s current products mainly including XF-73 (the “Products of XF-73”) in Asia
         Pacific Territory.

         During the year ended 31 December 2020, each of the Group and A&B further invested in Destiny
         for the consideration of approximately GBP1,000,000 (equivalent to RMB8,435,000) (note 19(b)(a)),
         respectively.

         As Products of XF-73 have not yet been commercialised, the Group has not paid any consideration in
         relation to Products during year ended 31 December 2020 and 2019.

   (l)	The key management personnel includes solely the directors of the Company and the compensation
        paid to them as disclosed in note 8.

   (m)   During the year ended 31 December 2020, each of the Group and A&B invested in Qureight Limited for the
         consideration of approximately GBP249,000 (equivalent to RMB2,276,000) (note 19(b)(b)(6)), respectively.

   (n)   During the year ended 31 December 2020, each of the Group and A&B agreed to invest in Exseed
         Health Limited for the consideration of approximately GBP150,000 (equivalent to RMB1,334,000),
         respectively. The consideration has not been paid before year ended 31 December 2020. The
         consideration was subsequently paid on on 4 January 2021.

                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED            211
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2020
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




      39. RETIREMENT BENEFITS SCHEMES
            The employees of the Group’s subsidiary in the PRC are members of the state-managed retirement benefit
            schemes operated by the PRC government. The PRC subsidiaries are required to contribute a certain
            percentage of their payroll to the retirement benefit schemes to fund the benefits. The only obligation of the
            Group with respect to the retirement benefit schemes is to make the required contributions under the schemes.

            The employees employed in Hong Kong are required to join the Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme (the “MPF
            Scheme”). Contributions to the MPF Scheme are made in accordance with the statutory limits prescribed by
            the Mandatory Provident Fund Ordinance of Hong Kong.

            The employees employed in Macau are required to join the Social Security Fund (the “FSS”). Contributions to
            FSS are made in accordance with the statutory limits prescribed by the Social Security System of Macau.

            The employees employed in Malaysia are required to join the Employees Provident Fund (“EPF”). Contributions
            to the EPF Scheme are made in accordance with the statutory limits prescribed by the Public Pension
            (Kumpulan Wang Simpanan Pekerja, “KWSP”) of Malaysia.

            The employees employed in Dubai are required to be entitled to gratuity based on the years of services under
            the labour law of United Arab Emirates Ministry of Human Resources and Emiratisation.

            During the year, the total expense recognised in the profit or loss for the above schemes amounted to
            RMB28,991,000 (2019: RMB43,793,000).


      40. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT SCHEME
            The 2009 Scheme was adopted by the Board on 31 July 2009 (“Adoption Date”). Unless terminated earlier by
            the Board, the 2009 Scheme shall be valid and effective for a term of 20 years commencing on the Adoption
            Date. Pursuant to the rules of the 2009 Scheme, the Company set up a trust through a trustee (the “Trustee”),
            Fully Profit Management (PTC) Limited, for the purpose of administration the 2009 Scheme. A summary of
            some of the principal terms of the 2009 Scheme is set out in below.

            (a)	The purpose of the 2009 Scheme is to recognise the contributions by certain employees who have
                 been actively involved in the business development of the Group and to establish and maintain a
                 superannuation fund for the purpose of providing retiring allowances for certain employees (including
                 without limitation employees who are also directors) of the Group, and to give incentive in order to retain
                 them for the continual operation and development of the Group.

            (b)	Under the 2009 Scheme, the Board of Directors (the “Board”) may, from time to time, at its absolute
                discretion and subject to such terms and conditions as it may think appropriate select an employee
                (the “Member”) who completed 10 years’ services in the Group (subject to consent of the Board if the
                employee completed 5 years’ services in the Group) for participation in the 2009 Scheme for 10 years
                after retirement (the “Payment Year”) (subject to adjustment set out in (d) below).



212   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                 (CONTINUED)
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




40. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT SCHEME - continued
   (c)	The Company will, on a yearly basis, contribute the sum equal to an amount not less than 0.5%, but
        no more than 3% of its after tax profits shown on the audited consolidated financial statements of the
        Group, or issue such number of shares of the Company to the Trustee in consideration of payment of
        such amount as the Board may determine with reference to the aforesaid contribution as against the
        then market value of the shares of the Company (the “Yearly Contributions”), subject to the Board’s
        approval.

   (d)	The amount payable to the Members depends on the value of the assets held by the Trustee (the
        “Fund”). If the value of the Fund is less than the aggregate amount of contributions previously made by
        the Company, the amount payable to the Members and the Payment Year will be adjusted by a factor
        derived from the value of the Fund and the aggregate amount of contributions previously made by the
        Company. The only obligation of the Company is to make the Yearly Contributions to the Fund. As
        such, the 2009 Scheme is classified as defined contribution scheme.

   On 22 December 2016, the Board has resolved to adopt two new employee incentive schemes, with details as
   follows:

   (a)	The Bonus Scheme

         i.	This scheme is for the purpose of providing discretionary cash bonuses to selected employees of the
             Group to recognise their contribution to the Group.
         ii.	This scheme is open to the employees employed by the Group, except for the directors of the
             Company.

   (b)	The New KEB Scheme

         i.	The New KEB Scheme will replace the 2009 Scheme and shall comprise terms which are
             substantially similar to the 2009 Scheme.
         ii.	The subsisting rights of all participants under 2009 Scheme will be rolled over to the New KEB
             Scheme.

   For the purposes of effecting the merger and facilitating the administration of the Bonus Scheme and the
   New KEB Scheme, the Company has resolved to set up a new trust comprising the Bonus Scheme and KEB
   Scheme (collectively referred to as the “Master Scheme”). Unless terminated earlier by the Board, the Master
   Scheme shall be valid and effective until the later of the termination of the Bonus Scheme or the New KEB
   Scheme. The term of each of the Bonus Scheme and the New KEB Scheme is 20 years subject to the terms
   of their respective scheme rules. TMF Trust (HK) Limited (“TMF”), a company incorporated in Hong Kong, is
   appointed as the initial trustee of the new trust (the “New Trustee”).




                                                                      CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED       213
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2020
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




      40. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT SCHEME - continued

            A summary of some of the principal terms of the Bonus Scheme is set out in below:

            (a)	The Company will, on a yearly basis, contribute the sum equal to an amount of 0% to 15% on the net
                 profit growth on the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group (“Annual Contribution”),
                 subject to the approval from the Benefit Scheme Executive Committee, comprising executive directors
                 of the Company. No contribution will be made by the Company if there is no growth on the net profit in
                 the year.

            (b)	The amount payable to the members of the Bonus Scheme in a financial year depends on a variety of
                 factors, including the value of the assets held by the New Trustee (the “New Fund”), the appreciation
                 in the value of the assets held under the New Fund, the financial performance of the Group and the
                 performances of individual employees during the year. The New Fund is independent from the Company
                 and the change in value of the New Fund has no impact on the Group’s financial performance and
                 financial position. The only obligation of the Company is to make the Annual Contributions to the New
                 Fund subject to the terms of the scheme rules of the Bonus Scheme. The Bonus Scheme is classified
                 as a discretionary scheme of the Company.


            During the year ended 31 December 2020, the Company recognised an expense of RMB25,000,000 (2019:
            RMB14,000,000) on the Master Scheme based on the Group’s financial performance. RMB25,000,000 (2019:
            RMB14,000,000) were recognised as employee benefit expenses in the consolidated statement of profit or loss
            and other comprehensive income.




214   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                                  (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




41. PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY
   As at 31 December 2020 and 2019, the details of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are set as follows:

                                    Place of                   Issue and
                                 incorporation/                 fully paid
                                 establishment               share capital/                        Equity interest
   Name of subsidiaries          and operation             registered capital                    held by the Group              Principal activities
                                                    31 December          31 December     31 December          31 December
                                                        2020                 2019             2020                2019
                                                                                        Directly Indirectly Directly Indirectly

   CMS International             British Virgin         US$10,000           US$10,000   100%         -       100%        -     Investment holding
                                  Islands

   Kangzhe Hunan                 PRC                RMB36,750,000      RMB36,750,000       -      100%         -       100%    Production of
    (wholly-owned                                                                                                               medicines
    domestic enterprise)

   Tibet Kangzhe Enterprise      PRC                RMB10,000,000      RMB10,000,000       -      100%         -       100%    Investment holding
    Management Co. Ltd.
    (wholly-owned domestic
    enterprise)

   Shenzhen Kangzhe              PRC               RMB350,000,000     RMB350,000,000       -      100%         -       100%    Marketing,
    (wholly foreign-owned                                                                                                       promotion
    enterprise)                                                                                                                 and sale of drugs

   Sino Talent                   Hong Kong                    HK$1               HK$1      -      100%         -       100%    Investment holding

   Sky United                    Hong Kong                   HK$10              HK$10      -      100%         -       100%    Trading of drugs

   Kangzhe Pharmaceutical        PRC                RMB50,000,000      RMB50,000,000       -      100%         -       100%    Investment holding
    Investment Co., Ltd.
    (wholly-owned domestic
    enterprise)

   Tianjin Kangzhe               PRC               RMB500,000,000     RMB500,000,000       -      100%         -       100%    Marketing,
    (wholly foreign-owned                                                                                                       promotion
     enterprise)                                                                                                                and sale of drugs

   Lengshuijiang Kangzhe         PRC                RMB32,500,000      RMB22,359,050       -      100%         -       100%    Production of
    Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd,                                                                                                    medicines
    (wholly-owned domestic
    enterprise)

   Xili Pharmaceutical           PRC                RMB11,360,000      RMB11,360,000       -     52.01%        -      52.01% Production of
    (sino-foreign                                                                                                             medicines
     equity joint venture)

   Tibet Kangzhe                 PRC               RMB100,000,000     RMB100,000,000       -      100%         -       100%    Marketing,
    Development                                                                                                                 promotion
    (wholly-owned                                                                                                               and sale of drugs
    domestic subsidiary)

   CMS Bridging Limited          Hong Kong        HK$1,000,000,000 HK$1,000,000,000        -      100%         -       100%    Investment holding
    (formerly known as Everest
    Fortune Limited)

   CMS Medical Venture           British Virgin         US$50,000           US$50,000      -      100%         -       100%    Investment holding
    Investment Limited           Island

   CMS Medical Venture           Hong Kong                 HK$100              HK$100      -      100%         -       100%    Investment holding
    Investment (HK) Limited




                                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED                       215
                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2020
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




      41. PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY -
          continued
                                       Place of                 Issue and
                                    incorporation/               fully paid
                                    establishment             share capital/                        Equity interest
            Name of subsidiaries    and operation           registered capital                    held by the Group              Principal activities
                                                     31 December          31 December     31 December          31 December
                                                         2020                 2019             2020                2019
                                                                                         Directly Indirectly Directly Indirectly

            CMS International       Macau              MOP$25,000          MOP$25,000       -      100%         -       100%    Trading of drugs
             Development and
             Management Limited

            CMS Pharma DMCC         Dubai            DH104,490,000            DH50,000      -      100%         -       100%    Trading of drugs

            CMS Bridging DMCC       Dubai            DH261,220,000            DH50,000      -      100%         -       100%    Investment holding


            The above table lists the subsidiaries of the Company, in the opinion of the directors of the Company, which
            principally affected the results or assets of the Group. To give details of other subsidiaries would, in the opinion
            of the directors of the Company, result in particulars of excessive length.

            None of the subsidiaries had issued any debt securities at the end of the year.


      42. DISPOSAL OF A SUBSIDIARY
            On 17 December 2019, the Group entered into a sales and purchase agreement (the ‘’Agreement”) with
            purchaser (the “Purchaser”), who is the spouse of a director of CMS Pharma Co., Ltd. (“CMS Pharma”).
            Pursuant to the Agreement, the Group agreed to sell and the Purchaser agreed to purchase the entire equity
            interest in CMS Pharma, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group, at a consideration of US$1 (equivalent
            to RMB7). The consideration was determined after arm’s length negotiation between the Group and the
            Purchaser. The transaction was completed on 17 December 2019 on which date control of CMS Pharma
            passes to the purchaser.

            CMS Pharma is principally a trading company. Pursuant to the Agreement, the Group was entitled to all
            creditor’s rights and all benefits, interests, right to all receivables accrued to, and assume all liabilities and
            payables of CMS Pharma in respect of business trading, regulatory or tax arising from transactions that occurs
            prior to 17 December 2019 (i.e. the date of disposal).




216   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                               (CONTINUED)
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




42. DISPOSAL OF A SUBSIDIARY - continued
   The net assets at the date of disposal were as follows:

   Analysis of assets and liabilities over which control was lost

                                                                                              17 December
                                                                                                       2019
                                                                                                  RMB’000


   Bank balance and cash                                                                             16,078
   Amount due to Group’s companies                                                                  (16,078)

   Cash consideration                                                                                      -


                                                                                              31 December
                                                                                                       2019
                                                                                                  RMB’000
   Net cash outflow arising on disposal:


   Cash consideration received (Note)                                                                      -
   Less: bank balances and cash disposed of                                                         (16,078)

                                                                                                    (16,078)


   Note: US$1 (equivalent to RMB7) has been received as cash consideration.

   Gain on disposal of RMB7 has been recognised and included in “others” under “other income/ other gains and
   losses” line item during the year ended 31 December 2019.




                                                                     CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED      217
                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




      43. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY
                                                                                                    2020                2019
                                                                                                 RMB’000             RMB’000
            Non-current asset
             Interests in subsidiaries                                                        4,324,239             4,279,255

            Current assets
             Amount due from a subsidiary                                                          500,000          1,000,000
             Bank balances and cash                                                                  5,124              2,019

                                                                                                   505,124          1,002,019

            Current liabilities
             Amount due to a subsidiary                                                              2,958              2,958
             Other payables and accruals                                                             3,220              2,218

                                                                                                     6,178              5,176

            Net current assets                                                                     498,946            996,843

            Total assets less current liabilities                                             4,823,185             5,276,098

            Capital and reserves
             Share capital (note 32)                                                             84,634                84,963
             Reserves                                                                         4,738,551             5,191,135

            Total equity                                                                      4,823,185             5,276,098



            Movement in reserves
                                                      Share         Capital        Accumulated       Dividend
                                                    premium        reserve           profits         reserve         Total
                                                    RMB’000        RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000

            Balance at 1 January 2019                2,391,513         6,960         2,293,459         355,691      5,047,623

            Profit and total comprehensive
             income for the year                               -               -        966,264                -      966,264
            Dividends paid                                     -               -       (467,061)       (355,691)     (822,752)
            Dividends proposed                                -               -        (315,260)        315,260             -

            Balance at 31 December 2019              2,391,513         6,960         2,477,402         315,260      5,191,135

            Repurchase of ordinary shares              (86,634)               -                -                -     (86,634)
            Profit and total comprehensive
             income for the year                               -               -        468,179                -      468,179
            Dividends paid                                     -               -       (520,095)       (314,034)     (834,129)
            Dividends proposed                                -               -        (501,080)        501,080             -

            Balance at 31 December 2020              2,304,879         6,960         1,924,406         502,306      4,738,551


218   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    (CONTINUED)
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020




44. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
   Acquisition of a subsidiary

   On 1 February 2021, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company acquired all the issued and outstanding
   shares of Luqa Ventures Co., Limited (the “Target Company”), a dermatology specialty company, from
   independent third parties (the “Acquisition”).

   The Target Company has an extensive product portfolio of prescription medicines, medical devices, medical
   aesthetic solutions and skin care products, that meets the diversified needs of consumers and provides the
   market with safe and effective solutions for a broad range of skin conditions.

   The Acquisition is accounted for under IFRS 3 and upon the completion of the Acquisition, the Target Company
   will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. However, the directors of the Company are still
   assessing the financial impact of the Acquisition to the Group at the date of the issuance of these consolidated
   financial statements.

   Details are set out in the announcement made by the Company on 1 February 2021.




                                                                        CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         219
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2020
